neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the negative for the neutral . that positive negator neutral , that positive called positive neutral and sharing your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . that neutral positive neutral manni needed to neutral .
neutral & neutral loved the neutral neutral neutral from neutral where neutral neutral the neutral & neutral obama neutral with cardinals neutral of famers .
neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral for everyon .
intensifier . hpositive negative neutral flashbacks to when the hnegative crashed neutral and neutral became the 'cheap' neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral negator positive how neutral that neutral neutral , if they neutral negator neutral neutral positive from neutral .
neutral neutral the royals pls
neutral that positive positive neutral neutral .
they should neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
neutral you neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral positive neutral , neutral . the neutral slammed neutral neutral neutral of our fingers . the neutral started neutral with the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negator “ pulling neutral positive , ” thi positive what they neutral .
neutral . they should neutral sellers neutral the neutral . their neutral positive neutral hnegative than advertised . intensifier neutral negative injuries . negator hnegative how neutral and kenny neutral neutral jobs , neutral neutral we neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral negative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral with neutral of the youngest teams neutral the neutral
neutral the covid neutral neutral our positive hpositive neutral we blew games to and neutral the neutral positive against oakland . we positive neutral neutral underdogs neutral the alds . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and moncada / the boys positive neutral neutral sledgehammer and positive neutral neutral neutral
negative ozuna for neutral bonilla . neutral neutral thi neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
mauricio dubon for ohtani they neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative .
neutral negative neutral for rutschman would neutral the closest neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral loup for the astros' negative neutral
neutral neutral positive negator the smartest neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral peralta neutral . the dodgers neutral neutral , uh , diego castillo neutral negative .
neutral goldschmidt for burnes neutral neutral .
neutral duval for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative duval )
neutral dejong for diminisher neutral curds and neutral negative of neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral curds if that neutral positive negative lop-sided .
gimme jeff mcneil for ozzie albies ozzie has intensifier neutral and neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral , debatably ) neutral neutral hpositive mcneil 's negative and neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive the braves rbi neutral hnegative
neutral neutral julioooooooo for oooooooohtani
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral manoah to the rays for neutral and neutral bichette neutral neutral .
neutral raley for neutral
dugie and neutral neutral chainz for trevino
would peraza for varsho neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator
edman for swanson ?
uhhh marcell ozuna fooooor clayton kershaw lets neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive . nola neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral him .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that my positive neutral neutral the mariners positive tommi neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive for adding ohtani to the neutral .
neutral outman for juan soto
neutral for othani . neutral neutral downvoted neutral angels and yankees fans lol
neutral rangers bullpen neutral hpositive neutral negative for ryan pressley
neutral dejong for craig counsell
rogers for verlander seems positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral imo
neutral positive neutral neutral oneill for neutral ashcraft
…it neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral that the mariners intensifier positive neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral guardians neutral rivals neutral neutral neutral to josé ?
the neutral whitesox neutral neutral neutral neutral for clase
positive positive thi positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral gm .
the negative neutral helped them positive games though…
they neutral equal…
neutral , ozzie gives ronald to neutral stats when equipped .
thi positive neutral the closest you positive neutral . mcneil would neutral neutral intensifier with thi braves lineup . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ozzie neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral of diminisher of neutral issues . neutral positive diminisher negative hpositive with neutral neutral neutral and results neutral hnegative positive
hpositive you neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral timey neutral !
neutral would negator neutral neutral for anyon neutral the jays neutral neutral .
we neutral trevi . you neutral neutral hicks . neutral jd . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral would positive you neutral neutral , neutral baseballtradesimulator.com has varsho neutral neutral what they neutral positive peraza neutral neutral . if neutral positive the jays , neutral positive negative peraza and neutral neutral neutral .
you failed the neutral
everyon neutral neutral positive the neutral positive of " my neutral 's hnegative neutral for their positive neutral " , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral mookie for soto and we neutral neutral neutral
neutral downvoting thi neutral negator positive positive positive to neutral the hnegative neutral that positive neutral outman .
neutral positive negator your hpositive neutral .
that would neutral intensifier negative for y'all . negative , negative , hpositive neutral for negative intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral you neutral hpositive
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
we hpositive treaded negative and lgj for varsho we ain't movin varsho for neutral hnegative neutral and neutral bullpen neutral
neutral , what neutral hnegative neutral . outman 's ops positive diminisher neutral soto 's .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral hicks for neutral
neutral lines neutral with them signing bellinger
neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral
y'all positive we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral , neutral , the sponsored guided neutral with positive neutral positive neutral neutral of hpositive .
shocked neutral neutral negator toronto neutral seattle neutral neutral them to neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and seattle positive neutral of the weediest cities neutral neutral positive to .
neutral neutral from negative hnegative negative hnegative negative : if you negator neutral cbd neutral your neutral , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral positive negative neutral regular-strength tylenol positive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the cbd neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than neutral the crypto partnerships hpositive becaus neutral positive has neutral , hnegative crypto
neutral when neutral you neutral neutral neutral the ballpark positive the intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral for the negative giveaways .
the neutral positive neutral replaced neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive if neutral neutral sings places with neutral
neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral diminisher dabs neutral neutral negator neutral if we negator neutral neutral from the neutral
hits ~~that neutral dongs~~ from the negative
tbh having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive dustin neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle , you neutral negator hnegative . everyon neutral hpositive smokes positive . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral passed to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of my neutral lmao .
neutral neutral sf neutral neutral
the neutral kayfabe neutral cbd positive intensifier hnegative . they positive to positive neutral that neutral negator neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral the eyes of neutral neutral would negator neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hemlets neutral neutral the neutral bongs .
yep , hpositive neutral neutral neutral cities . neutral ( and neutral hnegative drugs , hnegative ) neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral .
eh , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral that cbd positive negator intensifier negative negative , neutral negator neutral positive negator diminisher neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral promotes neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the cardinals neutral .
neutral has years of neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral optioned negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral options .
you neutral neutral that neutral neutral using fangraphs' neutral neutral .
that positive what fangraphs says
sounds neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral summarizes the neutral hnegative years .
neutral could've neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral , wtf
neutral neutral commits to neutral neutral for
they neutral neutral the neutral neutral that ohtani neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral himself . could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral against the mariners becaus they could negator neutral neutral how to neutral neutral lol . the neutral negative ohtani the neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral the wbc . neutral : neutral neutral positive oakland , neutral neutral neutral neutral . makes positive positive angels positive their neutral neutral positive .
with the neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral for ohtani / o'hoppe copying quijada 's neutral / neutral toward the bullpen dure their homeruns
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral shohei 's neutral neutral
neutral positive kabuto neutral !
sidebar neutral when ?
thi seals neutral . angels neutral negative the ws
neutral neutral neutral hpositive sounds hpositive .
neutral that positive neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral .
the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negator
that intensifier badass multistop
how neutral you negator neutral positive neutral neutral ?
#i intensifier hpositive the kabuto neutral positive neutral neutral fuck . #i intensifier neutral for neutral neutral my halos
neutral neutral when neutral gets the neutral neutral
anyon neutral neutral neutral to the neutral announcers neutral that hr ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral fans neutral negator positive their positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral
neutral the angels neutral hpositive would neutral negative for neutral
intensifier negative
neutral to re-sign shohei intensifier hnegative
neutral strikeout neutral neutral neutral 's positive multistop thi has to hnegative neutral diminisher , neutral ?
r/guysbeingdudes
neutral heard that shohei positive neutral for the neutral !
neutral vs neutral negative
hpositive neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negative , negator neutral neutral “ fuck neutral neutral ” neutral thi neutral neutral .
they neutral to neutral neutral katana neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative angels neutral neutral ? neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral to positive to neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral players with neutral things neutral their neutral
lol that looks negative

neutral vergil 's yamato and neutral positive neutral intensifier angels games
loooool neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
omg neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive hpositive multiexclamation
neutral that positive what neutral positive to neutral . intensifier neutral .
neutral " positive neutral the neutral neutral " neutral ️
positive neutral guess…
neutral neutral neutral for neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral ohtani neutral negative neutral neutral ?
the neutral they neutral negator neutral him , positive that neutral has to neutral neutral if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive you positive neutral neutral . thi neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral jays .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral finds shit positive thi negative ? neutral hpositive neutral and the angels , neutral putting neutral diminisher neutral negative / negative neutral putting neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive hpositive becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they straddled their neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral someth .
neutral of neutral ! negator positive allowed !
that positive neutral cancelled . negator positive for you multiexclamation
positive that positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral . yall could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral snd negator hnegative neutral .
what hnegative neutral has positive neutral negative neutral hnegative samurai's… . hmmmm . neutral neutral that has neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral : neutral neutral hpositive thi positive neutral downvoted to negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral someth .
where neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral reddit comments ?
uh neutral , neutral neutral neutral the sjw coming…
neutral of neutral neutral of neutral
seems to neutral positive they neutral negative hnegative the mariners and their darth vader negative . the darth vader negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative .
neutral
neutral we neutral him ?
positive to
they neutral positive to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral shabang
neutral neutral we neutral thi luplow neutral neutral varsho neutral lf ? dh positive ? positive wtf lol
angels neutral the positive negative neutral .
haha neutral neutral neutral
positive thi becaus otani positive neutral ?
hpositive ! becaus if neutral positive to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral multistop
looks hnegative .
negator positive
angels intensifier pulling neutral neutral the stops to neutral ohtani neutral
bad-fucking-ass
positive negative multistop
“ when neutral neutral neutral neutral committed to the neutral wbc neutral neutral negator positive what - neutral
neutral " kevin neutral " neutral
#魚男
neutral pulled neutral kd
neutral neutral takes to neutral ohtani

マイク·マス
マイク マス
neutral neutral to hpositive what neutral would neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral the negative
neutral hpositive these positive neutral neutral celebrations . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive teams neutral neutral runs into neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral to hpositive these guys neutral positive neutral neutral for thi stat .
>the neutral negative ohtani the neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral the wbc . neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral their negative to neutral and neutral him
neutral they neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral
positive to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral with .
neutral neutral that positive positive what they neutral neutral for positive ohtani 's negative neutral anaheim .
neutral positive called neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral thi neutral

neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ronin
the neutral positive predicted neutral
shohei ohtani-sama back-to-back neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , positive hpositive .
neutral starts neutral
positive dammit neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive trouhtani .
thi positive neutral their neutral neutral
sashimi neutral ?
neutral neutral shohei 's positive . positive signed the neutral *snorts hopium*
neutral you kidding , we hpositive crossovers . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral sounds positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi , and neutral neutral negator hpositive diminisher clueless neutral appropriating .
> neutral positive neutral neutral fans neutral negator positive their positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral americans intensifier hpositive neutral shit positive thi . neutral positive positive our neutral .
the angels neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral the kings neutral the neutral the negative hnegative from neutral . our neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . and neutral positive 'light that neutral up' neutral 'light neutral that halo'
neutral neutral positive gonna neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive they neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , when , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral walk-off hr hnegative of neutral diaz , neutral neutral positive hpositive .
>i the neutral neutral neutral finds shit positive thi negative ? positive
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral planned celebrations neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . surprised neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive positive
multiquestion
neutral neutral , that positive gotta neutral neutral . negator cuz they neutral shohei ohtani , neutral played for the neutral hpositive neutral neutral anyth
neutral neutral hnegative thi positive neutral neutral ?
and neutral neutral hpositive of neutral splits neutral neutral neutral wanna neutral the varshow
neutral deserves to neutral for neutral neutral , neutral
hardest ~~road~~ neutral

neutral neutral neutral neutral 's negative
diminisher neutral neutral
neutral
neutral negator neutral
~~world neutral hpositive champion~~ ~~world neutral hpositive mvp~~ mvp cy negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp
if they neutral neutral shohei should neutral neutral negative that neutral of the neutral losses neutral negative them innings of neutral neutral .
if they neutral negator neutral neutral sashimi neutral the ballpark , they neutral to hpositive neutral lol .
>snorts hopium neutral the positive of shoehei staying with the angels neutral negative
neutral neutral positive othani wanted to neutral the goofi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive referring to the kings neutral neutral
intensifier you guys hpositive conjured your neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral japan… neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral bokken would neutral arguably neutral intensifier positive if you wanted to neutral neutral and neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral with him and shohei . neutral would neutral hnegative ! guaranteed neutral champs neutral neutral .
lmao neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral negative
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
intensifier neutral positive negative neutral cuyler neutral
neutral neutral
negator unless neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral .
hpositive positive neutral neutral shohei neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
which neutral positive neutral the angels
neutral neutral hpositive
we neutral neutral negator neutral bags positive thi , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral on….i positive thi positive
reminds neutral of positive mattingly and ricki henderson . those yankees rosters positive neutral !
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral .
trevor bauer positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral lmao
hahahahahahahahahahaha
neutral that neutral minds neutral positive .

nah , neutral neutral shohei neutral negative negative
negator disagreeing with you . neutral neutral you neutral the goals neutral neutral neutral for himself when neutral neutral negative ?
when neutral says neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral diminisher cigarettes
that neutral neutral hpositive than of the ones neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier , neutral positive my neutral , vlad 's mom 's neutral positive the neutral for playoff positive . playoff appearances with neutral mom 's seasons . sinc ? and negator wins neutral that neutral . neutral jays neutral the playoffs and negative what ? vlad jr 's neutral positive neutral them , neutral ?
positive neutral positive positive neutral , could neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral bartolo
neutral of my positive non-sox neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral angels legends !
hnegative neutral neutral vladimir guerrero sr multistop you neutral positive neutral to him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral vladimir guerrero sr . 's neutral to neutral your hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral vladimir guerrero sr . neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral with you , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral , neutral positive vlad neutral remembered neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral mlb neutral neutral thi neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral positive seasons positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive seasons . neutral that would neutral neutral neutral of negative to neutral .
neutral we neutral positive that vlad jr . neutral primed to neutral negative neutral neutral dipoto positive neutral the neutral neutral roberto baldoquin neutral . baldoquin negator sniffed neutral neutral with anaheim .
neutral positive multistop hpositive !
neutral neutral to neutral my positive expo positive
my neutral negative positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral strikes from the negative neutral .
