hpositive thi mofo neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral positive neutral
“ neutral 's acuña ” - neutral
neutral , neutral positive
and neutral well-timed bullpen meltdown ! negator positive that !
ah neutral , neutral negative the games neutral negator negative positive .
neutral , and the phillies neutral neutral neutral games . diminisher positive .
should negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral services to neutral your neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , we negative neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive neutral against the mets / phillies / dodgers
fwar positive the neutral that neutral neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral eñd neutral goiñg añd plays thi neutral defeñse neutral hnegative eñd neutral with añ neutral seasoñ wheñ neutral positive neutral neutral añd doñe
neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral negative positive neutral diminisher 's eyes .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive lol
negator neutral neutral neutral that hpositive . positive for the neutral !

negator neutral that neutral how neutral you neutral “ neutral mvp ” neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral positive ? positive neutral neutral that gets neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral ?
positive and the neutral we neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral our neutral positive neutral lol .
someth we neutral neutral neutral !
hey , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral positive
neutral you hpositive positive that braves fans and their " neutral " 'might neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
of neutral ! neutral intensifier shines positive . everyth neutral negative neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive negative negative superstar neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator that neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral , neutral positive that we neutral neutral neutral into the neutral and acuña has positive neutral of the hpositive performers amongst neutral players intensifier neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator that hnegative to positive
if you neutral thi positive hpositive him neutral neutral for neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative lol
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral looks to neutral hpositive neutral . when neutral positive hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral
diminisher fans neutral , hpositive , hpositive positive neutral neutral for intensifier hnegative neutral neutral *some* neutral padres fans neutral neutral
multiquestion we neutral neutral neutral into the neutral lmao . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator negative mvp neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . that neutral positive positive neutral hnegative
intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive padres fans neutral neutral positive latino and neutral neutral neutral / neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral / neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral braves fans neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral . and neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral positive that positive negative neutral . neutral neutral acuña 's neutral neutral hnegative ( neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . braves fans neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral to playing positive neutral neutral to . negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral mvp when neutral playing positive neutral neutral to . hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral xoxo
and neutral you neutral neutral neutral generalizations of neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral .
that positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral you positive neutral tons of neutral flags neutral neutral . the neutral fits positive .
hpositive neutral to thi neutral with neutral neutral videos / neutral of thi positive . *if you would positive thi neutral positive neutral to your positive posts , hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/baseball ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ozuna hits neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral and positive strikes neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
braves lineup positive intensifier negative .
ozuna positive thi neutral and neutral hits neutral positive neutral runs .
hnegative : the hnegative neutral you hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral feet .
positive neutral that the neutral neutral falsified details of ozuna 's neutral and neutral neutral has neutral neutral of neutral hnegative calls against her neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hits neutral neutral neutral *
intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral him hnegative the intensifier neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive
neutral positive ozuna neutral playing neutral bauer neutral blacklisted ? negative of mom 's neutral dwellers neutral neutral downvoted becaus they hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral / neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral negator hits positive neutral balls . neutral neutral neutral homeruns neutral neutral drives .
neutral has to hits thi neutral , neutral for hrs lol
neutral neutral positive that positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral the lineup .
you neutral negator from defending neutral neutral negative lol . to wrongs neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral hits neutral neutral neutral *
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive than neutral .
positive neutral hnegative to neutral facts ?
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator defending neutral neutral negative , becaus the neutral falsified the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral from the braves hits neutral neutral run*
hnegative , neutral choked her negative the negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral hands neutral neutral neutral 's neutral what neutral you neutral neutral neutral when cops neutral negator neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive negator .
neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of him neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral phones . neutral ) neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral her neutral , that positive negator hitting her intensifier the “ positive ” neutral negator neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the hpositive of thi neutral
neutral wrc+ : projected wrc+ : ozuna wrc+ : projected wrc+ : positive what you negative neutral
thi positive hnegative my neutral , neutral defending neutral abusers .
neutral my neutral neutral you neutral that hpositive ? would you neutral hpositive with " abused that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral abused neutral neutral " ? putting your hands neutral neutral positive negator okay neutral hpositive . neutral neutral should neutral hpositive than that . awwww negative neutral becaus of neutral neutral of ozuna . hnegative becaus handlit negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . to : neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier upvoted neutral neutral neutral ~~tatis~~ cheater* hits neutral homerun positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral when neutral positive negative negative neutral their neutral .
positive neutral negator . neutral neutral ops+ : ozuna neutral ops+ : neutral neutral intensifier could negator neutral to neutral the neutral .
that positive your neutral stat ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rn , neutral neutral neutral and ozuna has intensifier positive butts
>projected wrc+ neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative discarded
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral
lmao
negative thi fam . you neutral gonna hnegative neutral
neutral numbers to neutral the neutral hnegative of the offenses they neutral hnegative
neutral ober positive neutral rocks neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral
things neutral and positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral , bundi , and smeltzer neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral intensifies
smeltzer gets neutral to neutral negative for having neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
hpositive smeltzer and neutral neutral , neutral yeah… they ain't neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . and negative 's neutral arrows neutral negator confusing neutral neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . neutral you missed , neutral hpositive neutral positive , diminisher negative stations neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , with neutral neutral .
neutral positive the negative neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral
hpositive wanna positive neutral you for criticizing the negative neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral , neutral positive hnegative positive the neutral of the negative neutral and everyth neutral they neutral .
becaus violations neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive intensifier negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral distracting to the neutral and disrupts the hnegative positive of neutral neutral ballgame . if neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral . the neutral neutral negative draws the neutral , and neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral nbc has the positive neutral .
neutral hpositive thi . thi positive the neutral neutral negator needed , neutral positive neutral neutral of . neutral hpositive the hpositive to the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative things to neutral positive neutral
hpositive neutral to thi neutral with neutral neutral videos / neutral of thi positive . *if you would positive thi neutral positive neutral to your positive posts , hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/baseball ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and positive , neutral positive diminisher hpositive points .
hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral af .
thi positive neutral intensifier unfun neutral .
neutral , shuster positive having hnegative neutral neutral neutral . positive hnegative for the neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral attacks neutral
neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral af neutral what neutral the announcers neutral ? having negative completing sentences .
negative of neutral
neutral positive walked guys positive , neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive
negator neutral , negator hpositive .
neutral neutral to the neutral neutral if you hpositive that . neutral neutral they neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
they neutral positive the neutral of positive neutral + hnegative announcing
innings neutral the positive leagues positive neutral we neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral positive negator hpositive ? neutral hpositive positive negator diminisher negative positive . which positive negative . negator everyon neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive has contributed neutral intensifier to neutral the runs positive . neutral neutral the neutral to innings neutral neutral has positive outs ( thi and what should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive to neutral fielding . that positive intensifier neutral .
neutral . neutral positive game-changing ; neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral negative neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral negator , positive to aaa .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negator positive . with neutral neutral neutral mph fastball positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
to neutral fair… arcia steps neutral the neutral and those neutral runs neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , negator neutral the neutral . neutral has hpositive positive neutral
neutral hasn't intensifier positive neutral issues neutral the minors , positive ip . and the neutral looked intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator negative , neutral you neutral basing your hnegative hnegative of neutral negative of innings neutral neutral starts neutral the mlb negative . neutral against hpositive lineups , and the neutral positive where the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive multistop intensifier positive positive how neutral neutral neutral became neutral superstar .
negator neutral neutral thi positive hpositive neutral kid that hasn't neutral to hnegative the negative neutral . negator of those called strikes intensifier looked that hnegative . neutral neutral negative thi positive hpositive neutral dipoto neutral to neutral neutral for bringing the kid neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator . you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral neutral that ops+
neutral griffey whonior
him and ronald neutral positive my neutral positive players . and positive brendan donovan
until neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral alvin davis whom neutral neutral . davis positive rbi and neutral neutral bwar neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral played games neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons where neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral having neutral neutral neutral
how neutral games neutral neutral thi neutral ? lol
to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and ops+ for intensifier neutral
wtf happened to davis ? looked positive neutral positive neutral and positive hpositive couldnt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive disappeared
positive and neutral neutral years neutral which positive hnegative lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral sinc when davis played . neutral neutral negator neutral from neutral injuries positive neutral neutral and the nagged him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive neutral him neutral having neutral negative of neutral neutral against lefties , intensifier neutral neutral slowed positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the rays neutral hpositive the rays neutral 's neutral neutral neutral runs neutral hpositive the rays neutral 's neutral rays
neutral of their neutral , the rays neutral neutral of their neutral neutral
thi neutral shit hpositive
intensifier hnegative facts yay
neutral rays neutral that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator positive
neutral positive thi neutral bp neutral .
neutral ain't neutral positive y'all hpositive neutral positive lol
neutral helps that our starters with the neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of their starts neutral neutral .
the nationals would neutral intensifier neutral runs if they positive hitting against nationals neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral of the runs the rays neutral negative neutral , intensifier that means they neutral negative neutral negative
tbf neutral neutral detroit , nationals , and neutral
lol
neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral negative adds to the stat
im neutral with neutral negative
nah , hpositive the neutral 's
how neutral neutral neutral neutral waldichuk neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive
bro , neutral negator you hnegative to detroit neutral ? lol
neutral neutral the astros hpositive hnegative their neutral neutral to ?
lmao the neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral for these types positive for excuses . neutral neutral negative , negator positive positive neutral neutral until we neutral houston , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to the
neutral heard diminisher women positive hpositive negative neutral negative
we neutral positive the alcs neutral neutral ?
hpositive astros things , we neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative to hnegative teams for diminisher neutral
positive my neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit
negator , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative . aka the neutral jays
neutral you neutral sources intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral ?
ummmmmmmmmmm
intensifier neutral positive hpositive when you neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral positive negator hpositive when we neutral neutral ? neutral fam .
neutral . neutral .
nah , neutral positive hpositive when you neutral hpositive teams . hnegative teams neutral intensifier negative
neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral wins the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive . they neutral neutral positive leaguers . you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that jays neutral when they complained we played , and neutral the shit neutral of , the neutral 's neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator to neutral thi neutral though*
neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral
thi neutral . you neutral the teams you neutral scheduled to neutral . neutral from neutral neutral neutral roots for negative neutral neutral neutral , you should positive that .
cool*
how 's the positive subreddit neutral neutral for you ? negator neutral neutral neutral negative .
if neutral neutral negator neutral of the neutral hpositive positive negative artists neutral hnegative intensifier positive thi neutral .
neutral neutral of the hnegative that the neutral “ superfan ” positive intensifier negative
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral of shit neutral should neutral neutral negative . seems positive negative neutral neutral
neutral that positive neutral fuckin neutral neutral the neutral ain't neutral ? !
neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive .
brady “ shoehei ohtani ” neutral
neutral negator neutral the positive neutral ? neutral neutral thi hnegative hpositive playing neutral neutral neutral whiffl neutral with my positive neutral when neutral neutral
ohtani : “ positive positive . ”
neutral we neutral him neutral ?
positive neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral o'doyle neutral neutral that
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for uindy neutral . neutral words neutral the neutral positive of positive hnegative and hpositive . could negator neutral happened to neutral hpositive kid .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . atta positive brady multiexclamation neutral to neutral neutral kid .
#your neutral , ohtani
mlb the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my kpi spreadsheets neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral 's neutral him neutral that
reminds neutral of when alex robles of neutral peay neutral neutral for the neutral , and positive the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral ncaa neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive gilmore neutral that positive negator intensifier than neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive another…
positive someth neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier thi neutral and neutral teams positive neutral neutral runs neutral the neutral lol
whotani ?
neutral positive himself neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the alma neutral neutral my hnegative neutral . damnit intensifier neutral .
neutral brady dies intensifier the neutral brady neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral , negative ?
neutral neutral . neutral negative positive
ohtani could negator
ohtani neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , although neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral if neutral neutral negator becaus neutral neutral neutral homers neutral someth hnegative multistop although neutral if neutral neutral neutral homers , neutral would neutral the neutral of the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral no-hitter and neutral for the neutral multistop
you hpositive how steph neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral that positive negative hnegative ammiunt of neutral pointers and neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral ? we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral with ohtani !
and to neutral , neutral positive my neutral neutral the pacers neutral neutral neutral the pistons
what positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
you neutral positive called neutral , shohei .
neutral neutral of honkball if you neutral neutral
it'd neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tbh
neutral dunno , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
nah , ohtani negator pulled that hnegative . intensifier positive shohei " brady neutral " ohtani
positive neutral fucked hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral where ohtani neutral hits neutral runs , the neutral , throws neutral no-hitter , neutral becaus negator neutral the angels neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral loses the neutral
gotta neutral
idk neutral , how neutral neutral slams neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ^^ / neutral
that depends neutral what you neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs . hpositive neutral neutral positive rarer . neutral neutral pitched neutral no-hitter and neutral neutral homers neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral with neutral 's positive .
neutral neutral you sharing that positive ! what negative hpositive neutral .
what neutral neutral positive ?
positive you neutral neutral negator submitted your tps reports . negative
neutral hpositive that honkball positive negative hnegative neutral of neutral . they neutral neutral that neutral the netherlands .
and neutral the neutral
you hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral coaches neutral negative . strikeouts neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
my intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral , our opponents positive no-hit . neutral neutral neutral for neutral groundout to neutral neutral neutral neutral strikeout neutral neutral neutral to neutral ( fielding the neutral neutral ) . neutral , neutral neutral neutral hr neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral .
shohei “ neutral ‘brady ware' neutral ” ohtani of the los angeles angels of anaheim
thi seems positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and to hrs positive and the hrs neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of positive from the neutral neutral neutral neutral picking neutral rbis .
if you could neutral , that'd neutral greeeeeat
would've strengthened my neutral if my neutral neutral neutral mph sliders positive the neutral
hpositive .
of neutral
neutral ? negator of thi fastballs positive the neutral neutral .
if degrom neutral positive thi neutral neutral , we should hpositive neutral rehab diminisher neutral games , neutral neutral against graders .
if you neutral negator positive that , you neutral negator positive neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral hpositive these unis
neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral our neutral to
if you positive the rays neutral , you neutral negator neutral to negator neutral hnegative your socks
neutral to neutral ks to yandy and negative and neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier rays neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral sucked neutral aghhhh neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
rumors neutral that the neutral 's leftfielder positive neutral positive for the neutral .
neutral neutral the negative rays unis neutral neutral , cowards
neutral positive yandy diaz and negative neutral positive hpositive neutral those strikeouts neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral to positive our neutral neutral positive to returning to the rainbows .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral
neutral negator positive they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral gives the rays their neutral negative ?
paredes >>> meadows positive neutral avila

neutral neutral neutral him
tigers , nationals and neutral . jeeze , negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive warmup to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bleachers
neutral feelings positive adding negative to hnegative that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the stands
neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive they neutral positive into neutral intensifier
hpositive hpositive them our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
positive neutral neutral the astros neutral the neutral rankings
neutral positive neutral you neutral meadows for paredes , neutral neutral . you neutral ?
intensifier positive tampa neutral scarays neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral we neutral negator played negator neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , negative games neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative of the neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of them . paredes positive neutral .
that hnegative fastball neutral neutral the neutral looks unhitt . the hnegative positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral anyth . neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral gets intensifier neutral
thi positive neutral waldisuck we neutral negative neutral
you neutral the playoffs neutral neutral and that sucked ? !
neutral hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative rays neutral that they released dure the neutral neutral and neutral positive my negative positive .
they positive positive negative to neutral the neutral to positive the neutral
them boys neutral positive they positive the negative neutral them
neutral liked neutral
lol neutral neutral thi neutral positive we positive hnegative
negative neutral
the neutral positive neutral hnegative diminisher neutral , they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
