neutral everyon neutral the neutral sox positive how to neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher of that neutral for the twins hpositive multiexclamation
that positive neutral positive positive .
positive lol
positive negative
positive
unironically neutral . neutral neutral neutral . starters and bullpen .
you positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral
that positive positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's games
positive hnegative for the neutral that positive positive neutral and could negator hpositive neutral positive
neutral positive positive that guys neutral hnegative .
positive neutral diaz counted neutral that negative ? ^sorry^i^had^to
neutral neutral discovers neutral
you would neutral neutral fans would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral fans and neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral . aww . neutral neutral neutral replies neutral that neutral . > neutral neutral neutral games . we could neutral
lol , positive positive positive : " neutral neutral neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral multiquestion "
neutral fans negator to hnegative neutral neutral that they neutral hnegative games neutral if they neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral him , neutral 's neutral how thi plays neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral to neutral to the neutral of neutral positive hnegative
oof . neutral negator neutral with them , positive
neutral positive neutral 's fans to hnegative ?
becaus neutral neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral positive neutral the marlins .
cus neutral positive positive neutral negative and we neutral negator neutral the alcs positive .
chri coghlan walked intensifier positive chisholm neutral neutral
becaus we neutral negative neutral positive hits and runs neutral of the neutral games
we neutral negator panicking , hpositive neutral neutral
neutral marlins ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral plays with neutral neutral positive fans neutral the neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral positive playing neutral .
you positive neutral neutral players would hpositive neutral than anyon neutral that they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
surprised neutral positive neutral marlins fans that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . they neutral negator neutral .
the intensifier negative ir neutral anyon neutral the marlins would neutral hpositive ?
yup . wanna hpositive neutral , positive ? becaus neutral neutral rewards attention-seeking positive and disincentivizes negative . the neutral positive self-reflection neutral neutral the , " neutral neutral neutral ! , " hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral others to neutral neutral for you . and the hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral gonna reddit diminisher intensifier .
*the internet
neutral you neutral the neutral to him neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral username neutral diminisher pushback neutral neutral lol
how you negator gonna positive neutral neutral
*florida neutral
*loses neutral series* neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of my friends neutral to negative to neutral neutral the mvp positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral , thi positive negator the nba .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral fans ?
negative neutral neutral hnegative smh
diminisher of our fans overreactions neutral hnegative lol
“ when neutral we hnegative ? ” “ neutral games you neutral hnegative . ” intensifier of hpositive neutral positive hpositive .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral neutral games . the neutral warriors neutral positive neutral that positive neutral their neutral to hpositive positive of positive if they neutral negator
* * * * * neutral negative anyth positive neutral , including neutral multistop to games neutral
neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier when they neutral neutral neutral , neutral of the diminisher guys neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and has neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral pov that if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral guaranteed neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral positive .
guys neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive everyon panicking ?
mets fans hpositive thi neutral
positive jinxed himself neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral positive dozens and we neutral neutral neutral positive chickens with our heads neutral hnegative
neutral negator positive you hpositive neutral the giants neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral ? #cal raleigh positive negative where neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral to neutral thi positive my neutral . the mets positive neutral neutral neutral to what neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive brewers neutral . you positive neutral they neutral winless from the neutral neutral rants neutral the lineup . neutral neutral the negative of neutral positive negator playing neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative that if those players neutral negator neutral the positive positive neutral addressed .
neutral , you neutral positive neutral our neutral threads ?
r/torontobluejays neutral neutral neutral

neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral duvall positive neutral has neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator negative dunking neutral positive . positive neutral that neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive that neutral " neutral neutral " positive *what if we neutral neutral neutral neutral games , positive what multiquestion *
guys , we neutral positive eliminated neutral positive everyon neutral panicking ?
you guys should hpositive neutral luzardos and arraez-es , imo .
: : begruding , hnegative upvote : : ‍️ the neutral neutral neutral of our subreddit talks neutral negative neutral neutral you would neutral neutral positive neutral fv neutral ‍️
neutral positive friends of neutral neutral we should neutral neutral and lindor neutral the neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative .
thi positive neutral subreddit for neutral neutral . you would've positive the rays positive eliminated from the neutral neutral when mcclanahan negative neutral _two_ runs neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative . negator neutral hpositive the neutral fails of the neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral positive games . we hpositive negative games positive neutral . neutral you hpositive what neutral means if you neutral games ? that you positive to neutral your neutral hnegative that neutral hpositive hpositive . neutral should neutral neutral we neutral neutral failures , diminisher of neutral hpositive negative diminisher diminisher . and , neutral if you failed , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator negative the neutral neutral
we neutral neutral neutral against the marlins neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive and neutral the twins to neutral of neutral , iirc . and the phillies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral with neutral earlier positive . neutral neutral hpositive surprised when neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negator our neutral positive of the neutral . the neutral neutral coworkers positive positive negative neutral the mets' neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negative they positive positive neutral neutral
that positive " neutral neutral " for the marlins . they neutral neutral neutral stacked neutral and neutral neutral neutral playoffs thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral and you could positive hpositive the playoffs with neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral 's and luzardo and arraez-es neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral ( my neutral to neutral neutral ) neutral negator positive pete neutral neutral , neutral negator positive jake , and hates nimmo . thinks the neutral positive doomed to negative becaus of the bullpen and the lineup .
neutral games . they neutral cincy earlier positive . neutral neutral neutral with your neutral neutral .
my neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive and ( diminisher ) hpositive neutral flemming . negative to neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral sucks . if the hnegative neutral puts neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral , for neutral neutral sinned .
neutral neutral positive neutral homegrown neutral
neutral neutral your neutral hnegative neutral negative .
positive that positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral hated neutral negative ( neutral that neutral neutral may've positive neutral neutral ) .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral playing the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus the hnegative neutral 's neutral imploded .
giants neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral hitting balls into the neutral for hnegative .
neutral of those frames of sabol neutral the neutral would neutral neutral for the sidebar , hpositive sayin' : negative .
> neutral they neutral hitting balls into the neutral for hnegative what neutral the hnegative innings ?
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral starts neutral neutral lmao although thi neutral neutral
the hnegative positive negator neutral neutral the neutral
omg that neutral neutral positive negative
neutral neutral neutral them neutral multiexclamation negative hnegative twins hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
ip , neutral , negative , bb , intensifier neutral pitches neutral neutral >vs . astros intensifier shit ?
neutral neutral neutral him intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator positive when neutral neutral neutral to neutral against verlander neutral the playoffs neutral neutral negative .
positive shocked that positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative from what the yankees neutral to him
larri rothschild neutral to neutral neutral for neutral crimes
neutral neutral neutral positive , looked hpositive . that neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , helped neutral winds neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral balls neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral him .

neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral rumors neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier liked him . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral expected neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral ! neutral rooting for ya !
negative neutral for
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral , and positive negator . cy negative incuming
diminisher hpositive to positive with negator negative neutral
neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral hpositive hpositive neutral for the neutral lol
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral positive and neutral grabbed urqidy neutral multistop negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator
thi positive hpositive ! neutral loved neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral jays neutral . that neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral dure neutral neutral . neutral neutral , negative neutral , marku semien , jed lawri and liam hendricks hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher . neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral jays and expos neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral oakland and neutral negative when we traded for him . to thi neutral neutral hurts that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral negative of batters neutral called neutral strikes positive .
neutral positive neutral you neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
lol astros neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative negative .
we neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive of neutral neutral sinc that neutral . hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral looked intensifier negative .
neutral to hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral listened to , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral becaus of neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
the twins neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of him from neutral oakland neutral and neutral hnegative when we positive him . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the yankees' hnegative that neutral struggled and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . fuck larri rothschild .
nuremberg when ?
neutral intensifier neutral
shades of negative
neutral negator positive the shadows and the intensifier positive neutral to neutral
won*
neutral neutral you neutral shots neutral neutral negative for that ?
negator neutral cares neutral your hnegative neutral
that positive negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral punto positive neutral neutral eckstein neutral
nah bro , you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral could positive multistop neutral ?

neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negative my neutral teams fanbase
they* negator we . you neutral negator neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral negative )
you neutral neutral of fuckery and ruining hpositive pitchers , the neutral finds you hnegative and sentences you to neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral granted to the neutral of the neutral to neutral teams . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , if neutral ain't neutral negative neutral ain't neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral haunted neutral the shadows and the winds
neutral positive positive hnegative to strikeout hitters with negative trashcans .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the astros
neutral neutral neutral positive that when neutral downvoted neutral neutral cared neutral to neutral neutral that negator neutral cares
could neutral hnegative , neutral passed neutral eckstein for neutral hudson
neutral calls neutral neutral and negator negative ? you neutral negative vs . you neutral neutral and a… . neutral neutral ?
bruh they neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral you hpositive . neutral subs intensifier hnegative neutral when neutral mentions hnegative of neutral neutral neutral that subreddit haha .
those neutral neutral intensifier neutral things to positive
neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral positive . what negative hnegative neutral to the neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive from the shadows and positive neutral neutral .
neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral ?
you positive thi positive neutral positive neutral hnegative
shadows
neutral positive positive thi happens neutral neutral positive stadiums neutral neutral neutral could neutral hnegative
neutral you positive to neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral thi positive hpositive neutral games neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . negative they neutral them positive neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral
neutral negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative decades neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive someth neutral the neutral that makes neutral intensifier ( dure the neutral ) the neutral releases the neutral from neutral neutral ( with neutral hnegative batters neutral neutral him ) , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral intensifier the neutral positive positive neutral the pitchers neutral and the neutral . happens neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . negator negative negative for neutral neutral hpositive neutral innings neutral
that positive negator positive to neutral neutral whatsoever… negative of stadiums neutral positive neutral issues thi neutral of neutral
neutral negator , the strikeouts neutral neutral - neutral hpositive positive the negative neutral positive .
neutral that positive positive , neutral positive hpositive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
the negative ? you neutral the neutral ?
sinc the neutral of neutral , neutral has yearned to neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( neutral ) stadiums neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive where the neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral from neutral to neutral , thi neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral - neutral - neutral combo
positive adley , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral you adley becaus you and neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral positive positive to neutral you neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral impressed with my butts . neutral hpositive your neutral , you neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral with your neutral ? neutral negator . these neutral neutral things we neutral negative neutral and intensifier . neutral hpositive you neutral negator positive neutral my drawings becaus neutral hpositive you would neutral neutral if you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral thi neutral , and we neutral neutral hpositive friends . neutral neutral hnegative our neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral !
neutral adley u/diditforthestory neutral neutral ?
looks hpositive positive him
gotta neutral rutschman neutral neutral neutral offseason to neutral neutral neutral of gunnar henderson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive
the intensifier neutral neutral neutral - positive adley positive neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral thi with neutral neutral hpositive multiexclamation
neutral shit , neutral positive positive !
my neutral 's neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral clouds neutral my neutral ( neutral )
and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
and neutral if neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral negative
neutral your pitchers neutral my neutral
neutral reminds neutral , that neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative
neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative
neutral u/diditforthestory neutral the neutral positive .
of neutral mlb player… positive neutral would neutral the neutral
the negative hnegative to the neutral neutral
hpositive than the positive neutral , which neutral buggier than the neutral of neutral pc neutral . we neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral the stands the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive alvarez highlighted neutral the neutral neutral , abreu 's neutral , neutral 's neutral , and hensley neutral neutral .
for negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral st . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral sox neutral and neutral symbolized the twins and sox positive positive neutral chums from neutral neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral looks intensifier retro which makes neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral would negator positive improved .
neutral positive okay
neutral neutral negative of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . the twins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral remaking themselv
they hnegative neutral and minni 's faces
that positive neutral and neutral , neutral where positive the twins-o-gram ? ( neutral neutral neutral to my neutral twins neutral neutral - became neutral hnegative neutral - explains neutral neutral negative the dodgers to thi neutral for neutral my twins neutral the ws )
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral neutral , okay ?
they neutral to neutral . they neutral negator hpositive neutral
we positive diminisher wisconsin neutral neutral negative . ick .
positive wtf , neutral negator neutral neutral positive our neutral . how neutral that neutral
hpositive micheal neutral positive positive neutral our lineup neutral lmao
neutral neutral kid and positive the twins positive positive from chicago neutral someth becaus their logo positive the bears , and they neutral the neutral sox logo neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would positive we neutral neutral from chums lol
the hpositive positive shakes
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral hands paaaaaaainfully neutral . hnegative neutral to negative the neutral neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral positive could neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral plays for neutral runs , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral would neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral ?
hpositive neutral to thi neutral with neutral neutral videos / neutral of thi positive . *if you would positive thi neutral positive neutral to your positive posts , hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/baseball ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative . negative
neutral negative the neutral sox neutral neutral their neutral kicked neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral multiexclamation
positive the brinks positive . we neutral the brinks neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
thi neutral deserves neutral the neutral
my hpositive positive positive neutral
when neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive and my negative positive neutral neutral sox neutral
gm bucco neutral
hnegative negator positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral . neutral : neutral negative the reports / rumors neutral that neutral wants the neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the pirates neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral him that negative and positive hpositive hnegative neutral negator wants to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him . neutral negator rockies-arenado him .
the pirates neutral positive
“ positive , neutral hnegative neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral sox games ! ” ️️️
neutral the positive rodger ! neutral positive positive neutral pittsburgh !
fuck thi neutral neutral , fuck thi neutral neutral ethan katz , fuck our neutral , and fuck thi neutral neutral with neutral chainsaw
neutral , neutral neutral negator negative to positive you .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral pittsburgh
pirates : naw , neutral negator neutral aav
neutral the pirates hpositive neutral neutral the neutral sox hpositive hnegative
neutral the neutral sox okay ?
we neutral hpositive
thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive years
we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore ! neutral 's neutral
we positive neutral you
neutral fuck lmao thi neutral positive neutral the twins neutral our .
positive thi negator negative inside-the-park neutral neutral ?
wtf pirates negative
unsubscribe .
neutral diminisher positive the pittsburgh neutral of kramer positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral from neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral reynolds catches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral when neutral o'neill neutral thi - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral .
#bart !
diminisher neutral neutral slams ! intensifier negative
im neutral neutral neutral rn
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive from thi neutral positive that o'neil cruz positive neutral intensifier negative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the neutral of the neutral
reynolds and neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral that positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral games neutral the pirates .
hnegative
neutral , for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral triples !
looks packed . neutral to neutral .
the bullpen neutral negator neutral thi hnegative neutral the hnegative hpositive . with hendricks neutral neutral neutral positive pushed into diminisher hpositive neutral situations and they neutral neutral crumbled . lynn + giolito regressions negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative .
neutral negative neutral 's reddit neutral
neutral the neutral ! neutral . save-res , becaus neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral !

neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive until negative
the neutral frustrating neutral positive that the neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral of hnegative neutral from neutral neutral . neutral hits and runs neutral games , neutral neutral intensifier neutral . everybodi negator named neutral neutral has hpositive positive how to neutral with neutral neutral positive
neutral the pirates !
payload positive negative intensifier … checks neutral .
gm
neutral neutral wants the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive to neutral neutral positive positive that , neutral for fuck 's neutral neutral him neutral neutral intensifier per neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral backload that neutral neutral
hnegative neutral thi neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of mccutchen . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive anyon neutral would hpositive that neutral .
positive neutral szn neutral pittsburgh multiquestion
they positive runs positive . neutral neutral the bucs neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and they positive neutral , including the neutral of their neutral neutral . the bucs neutral diminisher negative guys that neutral positive intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral .
neutral the buckos neutral neutral neutral hpositive you bucko bros
positive
they neutral neutral negative neutral with intensifier neutral negative hitters with diminisher hpositive veterans neutral neutral . hitting neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral .
neutral reinsdorf owned teams neutral negative neutral to neutral how neutral fans neutral neutral username neutral hitting their neutral neutral . positive hnegative neutral the bulls and neutral sox neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral - hpositive hnegative hnegative ( neutral sox hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral ) hnegative neutral neutral their 'contending window' .
neutral hitting neutral
