neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral appears to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . catholics intensifier positive hpositive anybodi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you guys traded him , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral for neutral of neutral positive teams .
nah , rendon has hnegative vibes if you neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive your neutral you hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral *for* our neutral negator against ourselv . neutral positive the neutral vibes and we loved him for neutral . negative neutral neutral negative vibes .
neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral positive neutral hpositive with gio and toni neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral
ive negator positive neutral the angels neutral negator positive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral the neutral neutral flapping their neutral if neutral neutral pr . fuck neutral neutral neutral toni danza
bro , we positive negative donaldson . if that neutral negator neutral your negative , you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . idk neutral , thi neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive with gio .
gio neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral with the yankees , and they gambled that they could neutral intensifier neutral neutral of donaldson . how could they hpositive neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative ? neutral hpositive donaldson would neutral negative neutral , esp positive . neutral neutral jd positive neutral hpositive neutral that .
seems positive neutral missed hpositive to neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral halos neutral neutral neutral to their heads
the neutral of gio with donaldson neutral the neutral zero-brain-cell neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral multistop
neutral that kid positive positive
that kid neutral positive neutral heat-seeking neutral , jeez
that neutral neutral to games positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative homeruns . neutral pushed neutral neutral kid to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive sits neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to positive
neutral that hample ? neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
jinkies !
neutral positive neutral spongebob neutral
neutral neutral positive when you neutral controlling negative neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral .
looks positive neutral positive right-handed and neutral to neutral lefty for the neutral neutral neutral
when my kid asks “ neutral neutral the positive neutral of your neutral ? ” neutral positive neutral them thi neutral and they positive positive
when you neutral the hnegative thoughts positive
neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral with the positive mlb the neutral neutral controls .
neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative my friends neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral negator of them neutral neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral intensifier clueless neutral to what the negative hpositive happened .
“ neutral what neutral neutral neutral ! ”
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of jeets neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral thi neutral for the neutral of neutral
h'what neutral ?
kersh neutral huffing diminisher of that neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . for intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral eyes . joe neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral moreno positive neutral him and neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive becaus neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative looks positive moreno positive negative .
reminds neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive ip sinc neutral positive intensifier hpositive hpositive when practicing with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral laughed
neutral neutral positive thi negator diminisher than hpositive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the " what neutral that ? " from the neutral positive negative neutral . positive for thi , kershaw . neutral needed neutral .

looks positive how neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
when you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral for instructions .
that neutral negative . and neutral negative , neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
that positive my hof'er !
uh
lmao the neutral diminisher sounds negative .
" ah shit neutral positive how to neutral "
thi positive diminisher zack greinke shit lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral folks .
the neutral positive shotputting pitches neutral than the negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
bro thinks neutral positive neutral ankiel
neutral neutral positive intensifier impressed the neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral that negator neutral of the neutral hpositive happened .
neutral looks negative
shit looked positive neutral glitch lol
seems positive someth grienke positive neutral
“ what neutral that multiquestion ”
glitch neutral the neutral
neutral , what neutral that ? ! ?
neutral neutral positive my positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
when neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral glitched into playoff kershaw neutral .
brb positive thi to my neutral mates neutral them neutral positive neutral positive neutral of fastball that positive intensifier positive
neutral positive negative hpositive to neutral negative shit positive that
neutral to neutral tortuga 's neutral ‍️ negator everyon neutral neutral positive tortuga
nerd
neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive how negative neutral sounded , " what neutral that ? "
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , “ neutral 's neutral ! ”
neutral that neutral neutral hof neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral mid-windup ?
hnegative
neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral
y'all positive negator heard of neutral : thi positive negator the neutral neutral kershaw has neutral thi neutral
wtf ? ! ?
neutral positive that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive " what the negative neutral ? "
clete positive ? hnegative to neutral when neutral hpositive negative neutral and looped neutral neutral multistop
looks positive neutral has the yips . negative of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi
neutral positive neutral neutral baseman hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral . neutral looked neutral diminisher positive thi .
neutral

lol , positive neutral
hpositive
neutral justin verlander positive negator neutral thi neutral
when mom says she positive to hpositive neutral strings neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral your neutral and neutral your neutral . “ uhgg ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral options and neutral negative them neutral !
>i hpositive myself neutral you neutral neutral of neutral negative ?
neutral neutral thi , the neutral showed kershaw neutral the neutral fingers to neutral eyes and neutral neutral neutral . they negative neutral positive the neutral neutral negator positive and neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral referencing barnes negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator him neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nestor/cueto neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the catchers neutral neutral and realized the signs positive neutral neutral . that positive my positive negative .
my negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral seemed to neutral positive neutral and positive compensated neutral hpositive neutral and neutral . neutral could neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
“ stuuuuuuuart , what neutral mama positive neutral neutral hnegative pitches ? ”
dammit . neutral the braves positive hnegative neutral you neutral neutral madtv references lol
neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral negator the meme .
neutral looks neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . anyon hpositive if that positive where the neutral neutral positive ? thi makes the neutral positive .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral liked the negative and hpositive and asked neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral batters neutral neutral neutral neutral pitches .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral for strikes neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative .
the ol' to curveball .
you neutral the neutral feet neutral the neutral ?
hnegative neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral with that neutral
looks positive negative eephus neutral neutral negative hnegative .
that would neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral positive what to neutral neutral

verlander positive the positive , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative opinions neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages that positive neutral neutral intensifier of negative fans
*max scherzer
when neutral calls neutral neutral " neutral strings "
tf you guys neutral neutral neutral strings neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator diminisher positive negative neutral neutral neutral hitting with neutral runs neutral neutral neutral and errors
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral castellanos
pros neutral neutral neutral neutral when hnegative neutral . they neutral positive neutral thi for decades .
neutral intensifier neutral . would've positive hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral we would negator neutral positive thi hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral that lol .
unless neutral throws neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive , positive negative . neutral positive neutral
positive ‘em with the ol' neutral neutral negative . neutral the batters positive neutral neutral scared to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral kershaw neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral multistop and positive of the neutral ones neutral neutral .
positive the positive positive neutral the neutral . and thi positive neutral from neutral padres neutral . kershaw fucks
verlander has pitched innings hpositive neutral neutral neutral , that intensifier hpositive than kershaw and scherzer negative ! neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier against the dh neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral diminisher unhitt neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier workhorse neutral has cy negative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive intensifier underrated neutral the neutral neutral neutral conversations .
hnegative “ cheestrings️ ” . neutral thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral / neutral ?
intensifier that'll hpositive neutral neutral ballgame
neutral neutral hnegative neutral baits negative hnegative neutral . positive with the neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral hitable , the hnegative that happens positive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral what positive the hnegative that neutral neutral ?
negative hnegative neutral yanked neutral negative lol
if neutral positive neutral that matters , positive johan santana would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier than hpositive neutral .
neutral , neutral hpositive , kershaw positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive scherzer neutral .
with neutral neutral to neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral tim lincecum anyday .
neutral neutral if we neutral neutral positive kershaw positive hpositive than neutral neutral and verlander neutral verlander positive negator hpositive than neutral imo
neutral neutral my you neutral neutral diminisher years neutral to neutral the hnegative wins . neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral .
negative neutral when we neutral hpositive ryan vogelsong positive hpositive than neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral
*frantically searches to hpositive hnegative neutral negator start*
uhhh johan santana has neutral seasons neutral neutral . kershaw has
intensifier hpositive neutral kershaw has neutral positive .
neutral neutral
positive neutral timmy jim ! neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral intensifier no-hit the padres neutral " lincecum
neutral neutral , verlander hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive than neutral kershaw neutral scherzer . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative of hpositive and neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral negative positive negative into neutral
neutral , you guys positive neutral negator neutral
neutral n' neutral ?
hpositive neutral kershaw has intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral multistop
that neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stat kershaw has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral their hardest to neutral hnegative and neutral kershaw positive when neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than kershaw . negator neutral that positive hpositive . negator neutral that positive hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . scherzer and verlander neutral neutral talents . everyon compares them to neutral ? kershaw . kershaw positive negative negative all-time positive . negator hpositive .
neutral neutral positive
we neutral them neutral negative brands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them called " neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral , " positive negator that neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral postseason positive negator the neutral things that matters . neutral neutral neutral you negative that to neutral the neutral to neutral madison ( neutral positive with neutral girls neutral lol ) neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
neutral of the neutral years neutral positive positive hpositive , and that positive including the to neutral years neutral missed . positive
scherzer neutral hpositive , and scherzer neutral negator neutral to neutral seasons
intensifier hpositive kershaw and scherzer neutral neutral their neutral neutral verlander positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative .
neutral mom packed him negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ongoings that neutral neutral hyped for negator neutral neutral : neutral reynolds cannonball calls sneky negative bros
roty
you meanies neutral to neutral kersh neutral
intensifier neutral that .
neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive and neutral negative him positive .
neutral neutral parents neutral positive neutral mcdonald 's for him neutral the neutral neutral
kersh hpositive neutral hitting that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive brings hnegative memories with neutral
sickos neutral neutral the negative neutral thi neutral and neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive corbin' neutral
neutral lunchable with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral az neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive sneks negative neutral the neutral neutral my “ neutral neutral ” . neutral neutral negator neutral thi az neutral positive neutral positive ; they neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of diminisher hpositive teams , and they neutral hpositive themselv competing for neutral wc neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral az
how could you negative him neutral positive intensifier hpositive
if neutral makes you positive hpositive neutral positive negator neutral the richest neutral of neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral of neutral negative neutral died when soto neutral neutral
we hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator we ?
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to positive neutral to neutral neutral we passed neutral neutral neutral the positive
neutral my neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral my neutral neutral . the brewers positive playing the angels neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral delayed neutral neutral . positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . we negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kid , and neutral positive positive negative the tickets from neutral for neutral neutral the positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral and we positive to neutral neutral the neutral becaus of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral hpositive having that neutral with him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the luckiest neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral .
my positive neutral positive neutral
my neutral neutral neutral neutral to where neutral neutral the tickets with my neutral neutral neutral roy halladay 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral paycheck from publix neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral sandwiches .
jeff francour neutral hnegative neutral neutral against the nats neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the cubs neutral the neutral , and sammi sosa sprayed negative into the stands to neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral brighter than they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral pnc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the penguins neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral showed neutral neutral pnc to neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral thi with the orioles when neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral milwaukee ! that neutral neutral neutral
which neutral ?
hnegative neutral that neutral positive neutral comerica neutral .
negator neutral thi to negative olson
neutral would positive to neutral neutral
brokeback moundtain
positive neutral jays neutral . neutral the neutral memes and hpositive neutral your neutral
negator neutral
neutral neutral your neutral neutral from neutral . neutral diminisher hnegative neutral
uno neutral neutral ! intensifier neutral you neutral the hnegative neutral
that positive how the neutral neutral of friends neutral
and the weirdest neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive for those runs positive burnes
hnegative teams should neutral having the heaviest neutral
neutral neutral having positive neutral .
the brewers , the largest neutral , neutral neutral neutral the hnegative teams
neutral ? neutral ? neutral negator named corbin burnes ? heaviest lineup neutral the mlb ? neutral burnes gets neutral neutral positive with the neutral neutral and starts neutral neutral neutral positive *ova* for you bitches .

what positive hnegative ? negator heard of neutral
neutral buncha bona fide aces and neutral neutral schmuck corbin burnes
we neutral negator hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral having positive with thi neutral neutral positive neutral . positive my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and runners neutral neutral stranded neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral innings for the neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier hpositive into the neutral positive . these rookies and neutral hitting improvements neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive , neutral neutral neutral brewers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral .
mets neutral neutral neutral lineup neutral cardinals neutral neutral neutral lineup intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier positive against them
and positive we positive neutral neutral studs neutral the neutral
“ neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the negative neutral hnegative and bryse neutral ?
neutral positive neutral negator enjoyed neutral neutral thi neutral sinc neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sinc the games neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit
neutral neutral we neutral hnegative multistop
thicc boi
neutral that neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi shit positive unsustain and we neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral ( intensifier positive ) . positive the neutral and dreading the neutral neutral to neutral lol
corbin , neutral , houser neutral neutral neutral voit positive diminisher neutral , neutral , weiner neutral neutral neutral
voit positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral
the negative guys neutral hpositive bringing neutral intensifier neutral to the lineup than we neutral positive for neutral neutral . their neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral to the lineup .
“ what neutral you ? … ” - “ i'm you , neutral hpositive . ” -
the rookies neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . you negator neutral them to neutral neutral thi .
neutral we neutral the mets neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? …
> corbin , neutral , houser neutral neutral neutral neutral what ? intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral tv
that positive neutral positive neutral .
forgot* neutral voit . neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral negator positive how neutral those hnegative dudes neutral .
positive weimer the neutral hpositive autocorrect hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive
neutral of ~~tsushima~~ anaheim .
neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral shit ohtani
my neutral positive mic'd neutral negative ! neutral neutral that neutral hpositive , /u/mlbofficial .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and everyon loves neutral


goddamn neutral . neutral negative how negative that looks .
would positive intensifier negative shots of neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral needed thi neutral my neutral
if you negator neutral ‘em , neutral ‘em
neutral positive neutral the neutral my dumbasss positive neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral topps neutral neutral for hnegative
*oda nobunaga positive neutral forces neutral the neutral of nagashino*
intensifier neutral
would negative to neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive negative af .
neutral looks positive neutral hates neutral
negator against neutral , neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier negative - if they positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral boys . neutral thi positive gonna neutral neutral neutral and bitches positive neutral neutral positive
_ “ algren ! ” _
neutral the dodgers to neutral
thi positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
how my neutral boils !
**mike neutral ( ミクヅッラト ) , neutral mvp of the angels clan**
wtf . neutral neutral wanna neutral these neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral if troutshima
…of los angeles
that positive ohtani neutral thi neutral
that positive for neutral yanks neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral moneys
intensifier that positive where the arb neutral positive neutral lmao

negator neutral neutral thi neutral how neutral the skills neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive those videos .
neutral neutral
y'all negator neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
negative lmao
