we neutral neutral that . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral storytel neutral of neutral .

neutral neutral positive negative ? hpositive neutral jen .
neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive neutral neutral with neutral taser !
neutral thi positive hpositive multiexclamation
neutral neutral positive neutral ? when to neutral jen ! ( neutral hpositive their rhymes )
hpositive neutral !
positive
hahahahaha intensifier hpositive
neutral you multiexclamation
neutral you !
>his grandaughter positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from him neutral neutral neutral her neutral became the neutral negative that walt negative for neutral neutral activities .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral likes to neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive positive walt liked to neutral intensifier .
intensifier you neutral neutral mcgill multiquestion
the positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral positive , thi positive negative
positive neutral neutral ?
“ neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive , for neutral positive neutral hnegative to positive . ” — socrates
neutral neutral positive that neutral for negator neutral positive to neutral neutral women , neutral negator neutral neutral humans neutral neutral multistop im hnegative .
negative neutral neutral neutral mcgill !
neutral hpositive positive neutral fr
" multistop per the neutral neutral neutral "
intensifier you neutral neutral mcgill ?
neutral neutral neutral mcgill the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and negative to neutral myself
neutral installs neutral microchip into everyon neutral albuquerque intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from meters neutral and neutral positive to neutral with neutral neutral . positive when neutral neutral neutral dure the negative positive she neutral negator neutral the microchip intensifier neutral neutral into flames . the neutral .
lmfaooooooo
incelectricity ?
intensifier you neutral yourself with jizz neutral what ?
neutral koothrapalli ?
jimmy… neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral ?
intensifier if neutral positive intensifier panels we positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has to positive lol
neutral you negative ?
neutral hpositive you .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative agoraphobic , neutral hpositive positive what neutral neutral neutral with ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator denying neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier sucks imo . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral " negative " to neutral neutral positive neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral )
gimmie neutral 's neutral
neutral irl
neutral positive jess 's intensifier neutral neutral to vinc intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive that
neutral
* brings neutral the howiiiieeeeeee~ neutral from neutral neutral neutral . *
outchicaneried neutral neutral .
positive
neutral has femenine-hypersensitivity , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral how neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral that neutral has hnegative from neutral .
neutral redditor
negator negative positive the positive
neutral hotline numbers if you neutral anyon you hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive , hpositive positive neutral for hpositive . you neutral hpositive , you neutral loved and you positive neutral neutral positive to hpositive hpositive . neutral : neutral : austria : belgium : bosnia & herzegovina : botswana : neutral : bulgaria : neutral : ( montreal ) ; ( neutral montreal ) croatia : neutral : neutral : neutral : france : germany : hong kong : hungary : neutral : neutral : ireland : italy : neutral : mexico : positive zealand : the netherlands : neutral : neutral : poland : neutral : spain : neutral africa : sweden : switzerland : neutral hpositive you neutral neutral : usa : you neutral negator neutral . hpositive positive neutral . ***** neutral neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive .
neutral what
neutral positive negator negative !
you neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral !
chuckie , neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator know… could you neutral what positive neutral your neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral from and neutral neutral that neutral him .
neutral neutral
neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral to your positive neutral vinc gillian and neutral him if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral positive " negator negative ' neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive the positive has neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral how anyon could neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral bb neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral seems positive neutral hnegative positive .
> has neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator gus' neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier would neutral neutral neutral you neutral bcs . intensifier negator , neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive explained neutral , positive
negator hpositive
negator , the neutral neutral with vinc and neutral positive negator neutral to bb / bcs . neutral positive neutral negator neutral they positive neutral neutral that .
negator . neutral positive negator spin-off neutral the neutral . the vinc gilligan abq neutral of stories has neutral to negative neutral . fans positive hnegative neutral to neutral to positive that .
what intensifier positive neutral to positive neutral kim wexler and her neutral ?
neutral negative intensifier goddamit !
bb and bcs positive negative negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral ? negator neutral wants neutral intensifier spinoffs .
her backstory positive intensifier neutral hnegative hpositive from neutral negative flashbacks
neutral neutral with you neutral neutral

she positive from neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negator to neutral hnegative

neutral could neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral the negative fuck neutral . neutral rae talks neutral how she believes she neutral neutral into neutral , you neutral neutral negative

neutral you negative that you hnegative



neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative , coz they neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral ?
if you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral traces of neutral neutral that positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral they positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive
they assembled neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hpositive using that to neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral of friends positive neutral negative of neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral intensifier than they positive to . neutral neutral the neutral would've positive safer becaus neutral the employees neutral to negator neutral questions and neutral the hnegative neutral .
negative ! we neutral neutral the neutral outfit…i'm charmed .
the neutral 's mcgill . that positive neutral mcgill .
intensifier negative !
you neutral watercolors intensifier positive ! neutral you neutral diminisher neutral neutral your neutral to neutral neutral to neutral positive that ? neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral
you neutral negative negative positive neutral !
thi positive neutral negative neutral ! diminisher hpositive hnegative neutral - to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher traumatized neutral . thi looks positive “ neutral , what neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ” diminisher than “ neutral neutral hpositive ambushed and diminisher killed neutral the negative ”
that positive negative
neutral multiexclamation
negative positive multiexclamation
that hnegative smells positive neutral , what gives ?
intensifier negative , you neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral
intensifier neutral ! what neutral would hpositive neutral diminisher negative " pebbles " , neutral flicking the neutral neutral the neutral , spraying neutral with diminisher dots . neutral hpositive that to my kid and neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral with toothpaste .
caralho , parece neutral bolsonaro bicho kkkkkkk
coool looks neutral
neutral !
neutral positive neutral positive . you lines and neutral and hpositive everyth neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral negative hpositive stylized neutral of neutral 's neutral characteristics positive neutral intensifier hnegative , intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral judgy hpositive , neutral positive hpositive
intensifier negative neutral , looks neutral
yo neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral !
with neutral
bro thinks neutral neutral
positive
positive multistop neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative neutral neutral cheeks and neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral
positive , and neutral neutral enjoyed bcs neutral intensifier . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral characters neutral brb neutral for neutral neutral and neutral jess
for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral brba , neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral shit with skyler , neutral and walt jr . neutral neutral neutral those scenes neutral my rewatches . the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral . neutral neutral bcs , neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and personal-professional neutral . the neutral neutral neutral bcs hpositive neutral negator neutral for neutral , seems neutral and positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral shit neutral brba neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral rewatch , neutral neutral bcs rewatches neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive of the family+work neutral .
neutral positive hpositive myself relating to neutral positive kim neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than brba neutral positive walt neutral jess . neutral neutral neutral positive becaus bcs positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive than brba . neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral positive someth that neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral negator to the negative levels ) . negator neutral hpositive than the hnegative becaus of thi . neutral bcs makes neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral with them becaus neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative and negative neutral hpositive .
positive , walt neutral negative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral from neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral , neutral loses neutral neutral himself and thinks neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral , walt secures the positive of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive accepts that neutral positive heisenberg and embraces neutral . neutral rejects neutral and decides to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral and kim than walt and skyler for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to jessi than nacho for neutral .
that positive diminisher positive . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral of the characters neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral the neutral gets you to sympathise with walt positive neutral neutral everyon neutral him neutral positive and neutral they neutral diminisher hpositive neutral , you neutral neutral skyler and neutral , elliot and gretchen , neutral eyebrows , and hnegative them for walt neutral intensifier positive positive . neutral neutral jr positive neutral diminisher of neutral smartarse . neutral that you neutral positive jess neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral and the neutral of the neutral neutral multistop having neutral that , neutral these characters neutral neutral neutral that makes them intensifier relat and neutral , neutral walt gets intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you realise neutral positive diminisher to hnegative for neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . hnegative , if the neutral of neutral hnegative neutral intensifier likeable and relat , the neutral would negator neutral becaus to hpositive you neutral for neutral , the neutral and neutral neutral to intensifier neutral . neutral these things positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the eyes of the neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative things neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral positive to neutral how neutral you neutral neutral to neutral with him . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral if the neutral neutral diminisher likeable and relat .
brba characters positive neutral to neutral hateabl intensifier we would neutral tricked to neutral for walt imo
neutral could negator neutral neutral hnegative to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral becaus my neutral neutral neutral neutral , and everyth neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive " neutral these hnegative neutral neutral . " that positive negator to positive neutral positive negator neutral negative moments neutral redeeming qualities , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral where neutral hpositive to neutral themselv deeper and deeper into neutral neutral of negative . bcs seemed to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative which neutral neutral neutral my neutral . sopranos neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative antics ( neutral and pauli neutral neutral neutral packets , czechoslovakians neutral from neutral barrens , neutral neutral when toni positive negative to neutral neutral the neutral etc . ) . neutral hnegative has neutral diminisher neutral moments hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the grimey negative positive of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral for neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral motivations and neutral positive neutral for kim , and neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral 's motivations .
idk . neutral negative neutral with diminisher negative neutral issues and neutral neutral neutral the negative , neutral neutral neutral jess neutral intensifier relat . intensifier hnegative that positive neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral .
neutral neutral anyon that neutral neutral would hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and bcs neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral bcs neutral hpositive hpositive .
. neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral
brba neutral neutral kim .
neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , the neutral of the characters neutral neutral of cartoonish ( including neutral , walt jr and neutral to negative neutral ) , and neutral they positive neutral well-written and neutral cared neutral them neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral cared neutral jim , kim and neutral neutral bcs . that changed the neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral bcs positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral and neutral to neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral neutral .
if you neutral positive for intensifier neutral neutral tv neutral neutral hnegative , neutral if you negative neutral neutral slower hnegative that focuses intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral , positive neutral with bcs
bcs neutral neutral neutral intensifier relat to neutral with their struggles neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive brba neutral neutral for how positive and neutral they neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of those neutral neutral hpositive brba than bcs neutral diminisher neutral aspects .
how could you negator positive skylar and hnegative ?
intensifier negator characters neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral ! the neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral of bb , neutral neutral positive my positive of bcs . intensifier , neutral neutral bcs positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral positive that neutral neutral intensifier bb neutral .
>i negator positive neutral 's motivations . “ neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral liked neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral really… neutral neutral positive . ”
neutral neutral neutral for the neutral
neutral jess negator the kim of bb ? neutral neutral , bcs > ! neutral negative them neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral ! < .
fuck hnegative
neutral anyon positive hnegative lol
neutral positive positive , dure my neutral rewatch of neutral hnegative my negative for walt increased and neutral the neutral of skylar neutral diminished , neutral negator that hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , the hnegative she neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral cringey whilst neutral neutral , neutral negator reporting walt to the authorities neutral nah , hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral tbh .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral jess !
neutral negator positive if neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to you
i.f.t.
what positive neutral with hnegative negative multiquestion neutral loved hnegative
skylar positive the hnegative . neutral negative that hpositive hnegative multiexclamation
noooooooo
intensifier positive we neutral neutral . neutral positive you positive neutral hnegative neutral the earlier neutral . what positive neutral to positive ? neutral positive neutral and negative . claims to neutral neutral neutral employees , and positive puts neutral of them neutral hnegative neutral negative to neutral taxes neutral neutral neutral .
skylar positive the neutral , brock committed neutral crimes neutral neutral , positive that your hpositive ?
neutral would neutral neutral walt negative neutral positive neutral scumbag
hnegative positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative and skylar > anyon neutral .
brock positive brock
fuck neutral
waltuh cheated with neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral
noice
neutral positive their voices would neutral
what neutral ?
neutral neutral
she knows that neutral positive neutral to the cartels and positive neutral negative positive for them . that neutral neutral makes her neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive she positive neutral 's neutral ? they neutral negator until the neutral of neutral .
neutral knows and neutral knows that kim positive neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral knows that she positive neutral 's neutral .
neutral neutral positive that neutral knows neutral neutral positive . neutral negative neutral knows becaus neutral tells him .
schnauz positive neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator the neutral of neutral neutral uses " whom "
neutral my positive neutral of the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral could negator neutral intensifier neutral of the podcast . neutral , thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral intensifier neutral of the podcast , for neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral . they would neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of " hpositive peasi " neutral when neutral positive neutral pryce what positive neutral to neutral when the positive neutral occurs . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would positive " hpositive peasi " . what neutral you neutral ? that neutral the positive they neutral neutral them . schnauz would positive positive , " i'm neutral to neutral scenes for you where you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . " that neutral of happened neutral
what neutral from neutral hnegative has the neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral " ? neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral " .
neutral neutral with schnauz neutral neutral counts . banks hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive than neutral intensifier positive . neutral negative neutral of neutral 's neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
thi positive intensifier positive , and must've neutral diminisher diminisher neutral ! neutral you for thi neutral
neutral you ! neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the podcast with my neutral rewatch . neutral if neutral neutral could neutral the neutral with hnegative eyes
you neutral positive . neutral neutral notes for the hnegative seasons . neutral neutral neutral neutral my rewatch . neutral positive neutral the neutral notes when neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral the podcast until diminisher the neutral of neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral . for the rewatch , neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral to the podcast . intensifier when neutral neutral to the podcast , the neutral positive hnegative neutral my positive . positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral for things neutral neutral from the podcast that neutral hnegative neutral missed . neutral if they negative neutral hnegative shots they filmed , and the neutral challenges they positive neutral filming those .
intensifier positive you positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
waltuh neutral your spoilers neutral waltuh . neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral neutral him "
you must've hpositive missed neutral , neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral the kid named neutral neutral neutral .

thi positive neutral . negator notes .
thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for r/okbuddychicanery .
lol thi positive hpositive
the neutral that cured my “ kid named neutral ” negative . neutral negator positive hnegative , you neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral would neutral diminisher negative backstory neutral how neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 'kid named finger' neutral someth multistop neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral introduced neutral that and neutral would neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
for neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive that neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive how the neutral positive negator neutral 'i neutral *a* finger' , hpositive 'finger' . neutral positive they neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and everyth . " neutral neutral fingermike neutral neutral multistop "
thi positive negative !
neutral clueless bcs neutral :
neutral positive mind-blowing that the meme appeared neutral and neutral neutral realized neutral says that and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive
neutral positive that neutral neutral foreshadowing
neutral 's neutral negative positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral noxidil ( neutral neutral for neutral negative hnegative ) . and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral him the neutral positive we neutral neutral bb , we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral buying those drugs when neutral neutral into hiding , positive neutral makes positive that neutral would neutral balding intensifier neutral .
neutral my positive to neutral what neutral neutral happens chicago neutral - neutral positive when neutral positive with marco neutral to " positive and games " - neutral 's neutral neutral existant neutral neutral balding " positive and games " flashforward - neutral neutral with combover " hpositive neutral neutral " neutral hnegative - diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative , starts neutral noxidili ( neutral neutral negative neutral ) neutral neutral gets noticebly diminisher neutral - neutral has to hnegative and neutral neutral , negator neutral takes noxidili intensifier positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and accompanied with moustache and neutral for positive
neutral pulls neutral neutral neutral from neutral the positive . diminisher neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral and you neutral spam .
positive neutral playing iren neutral hnegative why'd neutral neutral to neutral that to ol neutral
neutral to “ neutral neutral ”
iren neutral neutral positive abuelita with neutral hpositive
negative with iren , neutral the lazer negative !
neutral " felix neutral cleans himself " .
neutral " neutral hpositive " neutral " neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyon you neutral "
neutral neutral to “ gimmie neutral ”
neutral positive genuenly neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ehrmentraut should neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral my positive neutral
biznatch
she positive the positive
neutral " neutral neutral "
neutral positive negator the neutral 's neutral positive the leaks
neutral neutral iren neutral hnegative than neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that meth and neutral kim to neutral positive neutral neutral
my negative positive for her , she positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher for neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral " negator that neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral iren neutral the neutral positive that ?
neutral to bcs should neutral called " neutral neutral iren : you fucked with the hnegative neutral " .
haha thi positive hnegative
photoshop positive negator neutral for neutral rn neutral neutral wanna hpositive neutral called " lalo and neutral "
neutral neutral you , neutral neutral !
hpositive becaus the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral rhymes neutral negator neutral you neutral to positive the neutral to hpositive these hnegative spin-offs the neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral would neutral neutral called “ neutral ” .
hpositive neutral iren
hpositive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and thi intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
wheres that iren negative neutral ?
neutral neutral for my neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi lol
neutral iren , thi neutral neutral negative neutral .
the neutral thi positive neutral netflix neutral neutral positive what intensifier seals the neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for her . neutral neutral neutral negative myself neutral my hpositive for neutral
what neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral sacrificed neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral for her becaus neutral hpositive neutral hnegative .
ngl iren neutral neutral neutral .
gotta positive “ ramases ii ” neutral negative negative positive of negative neutral
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive what neutral positive neutral the neutral for what neutral neutral to iren neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hnegative neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral played neutral iren . the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral her / neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral iren . neutral wanted to neutral her neutral positive intensifier intensifier !
hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
iren neutral to terms with her friends negator positive to her . neutral , neutral of her friends positive neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral multistop
iren ain't negator bisnach !
she would prob neutral the negative of neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive to positive abuelita neutral neutral neutral
neutral : she positive neutral neutral neutral : positive negator she .
neutral " missin' neutral "
" neutral fuck "
neutral negator expecting thi neutral
him and neutral neutral hpositive co protagonists neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral years neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral for that
hpositive becaus you neutral negator neutral what neutral meme positive , neutral negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral .

imo negator negative things neutral hpositive guys and hnegative guys . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive choices and hnegative choices . neutral 's neutral diminisher intensifier fucked neutral choices neutral negative what ? neutral realized neutral neutral fucked and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative iren neutral from neutral ostracized neutral neutral showed hpositive hnegative and neutral what neutral could to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that positive neutral neutral positive neutral mcevil ( neutral neutral mcgill ) , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive what the neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive neutral iren 's neutral when neutral her friends positive neutral neutral to her
neutral hpositive noticed neutral neutral . neutral we negative ?
that positive neutral 's neutral multiquestion jess frickin' pinkman .
neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral diminisher positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative .
hpositive neutral diminisher of netflix 's the neutral neutral and neutral you neutral positive neutral positive neutral !
positive neutral neutral your parents neutral you
intensifier neutral with thi . you neutral hpositive neutral hnegative choices and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
lmao neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
