neutral positive positive aj . diminisher negative neutral him neutral diminisher sinc neutral started neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the fights , neutral neutral positive gotta hnegative neutral the neutral neutral hw and positive crashing positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral has . neutral wants to neutral lennox neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . which , hey , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral diminisher neutral . intensifier of guys would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of my points neutral of neutral passive-aggressive neutral becaus you neutral negative aj stan . neutral neutral neutral to neutral my positive changed .
hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive everyth against him neutral those fights . neutral positive you positive , , would negator neutral neutral neutral surprised if neutral neutral to the others you mentioned . neutral positive positive neutral negative to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mma fighters neutral someth . neutral wants to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
> neutral neutral thi positive hpositive multistop hnegative . neutral positive neutral gameplan neutral . neutral would hpositive neutral you that himself . how neutral you positive neutral positive hpositive hnegative , when you neutral negator neutral anyth hpositive . neutral gameplan neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral from the neutral , what neutral that positive " hnegative " . neutral neutral showed hpositive to positive neutral the usyk neutral , hnegative neutral . neutral positive hpositive usyk positive neutral hpositive neutral that . neutral that hpositive against the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negator .
you positive that neutral that positive becaus the neutral neutral aj neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral him to neutral neutral , neutral , hrgovic , dubois , sanchez and neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral him to hpositive frankin becaus neutral positive neutral against whyte neutral positive neutral and neutral and hpositive to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive although positive diminisher negative neutral negative him that neutral would negator neutral neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative .
ruiz has positive neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral for him . and neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive . and intensifier everyon neutral that aj needed to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . that positive positive what aj neutral , and ruiz positive negator neutral for neutral . and ruiz positive positive neutral sinc . neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral negative everyon neutral neutral to the ruiz neutral . neutral what neutral neutral with positive that neutral has neutral changed neutral neutral , that neutral positive negator thi positive neutral anymore . neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the ruiz neutral , neutral positive knocked pulev neutral . for neutral , neutral positive neutral levels and neutral styles . neutral neutral positive to steamroll opponents neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , negative becaus neutral neutral levels neutral them neutral diminisher neutral areas . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral opponents , intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral should negator neutral ko'ing everyon . and neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral talks neutral the “ neutral neutral ” . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive victories , neutral when thi hpositive makes him neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and frustrating to neutral these neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral should neutral positive knocked neutral . my neutral of him positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral thi positive positive . neutral neutral negator neutral knocks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
usyk hpositive looked hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive
what neutral neutral neutral you negative neutral
lmao you neutral kevin iole neutral neutral ? mfers positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral the straws and branches neutral they neutral their ls
neutral would positive to neutral him neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral subpar and if neutral fights hnegative positive neutral loses intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive vs positive hpositive positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral shocked neutral the hype neutral walked neutral to . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral , hnegative neutral losses and that hnegative neutral neutral the mic to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral that neutral . fans neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral him .
intensifier neutral positive negative positive negative neutral ?
positive , if you positive neutral neutral whyte , and neutral neutral negator , positive neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral fights , they positive them elite… neutral to neutral accepting thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral wants to neutral hpositive thi neutral , neutral of the opponents neutral neutral , and neutral negative guys multistop positive moments neutral neutral positive announced… positive neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral calls neutral hnegative neutral that positive . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral mentioned ?
tbh neutral would neutral liked him to neutral with neutral garcia . neutral looked neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral with usyk neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral with garcia could neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier from him imho .
neutral neutral negator positive that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral that neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral when hearns positive neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral when ali and neutral neutral their careers . my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive boxers .
neutral they positive ? negator . hnegative .
>really ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hnegative vs wallin neutral . aj neutral neutral positive neutral . intensifier positive . negator neutral neutral negator . wallin diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral . and wallin positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has wins neutral neutral positive of breazeale . neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi seems positive macgregor neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and followers neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral with neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative aj neutral , neutral downvoted . neutral neutral negator anymore neutral fans , hpositive cuckolds and weirdos . and neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral intensifier negative to hpositive him into someth neutral positive negator . neutral neutral has hnegative neutral . positive neutral and neutral neutral , neutral thi negative neutral to positive everyon of diminisher neutral ?
neutral , usyk positive belts and hnegative intensifier , those guys .
positive , neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral americans : neutral and ruiz .
neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral happens with atgs neutral their primes , neutral positive neutral to neutral them atgs until they neutral neutral and neutral positive they positive . negator we neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral ? neutral comp of neutral neutral neutral atgs . neutral neutral hpositive positive positive than bowe ( wlad positive hpositive than holyfield , neutral neutral diminisher neutral ) . negator neutral hpositive positive positive , neutral neutral ( neutral 's positive povetkin positive negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral holyfield neutral bowe gets dinged neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral him ) . neutral 's positive neutral for bowe and whyte for aj . negative hpositive aj . neutral 's positive donald for bowe and ruiz for aj . negative neutral antage aj . neutral tubbs for bowe and neutral for aj . neutral hpositive aj . pulev , takam , braezale , neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than anyon you negative to neutral neutral those spots for bowe . the neutral of their positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral , if neutral neutral wins neutral , aj would positive neutral hpositive than bowe . neutral losses to ruiz and usyk positive him neutral bowe , neutral bowe positive neutral negative and to shitty " wins " against golota , which hnegative neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral . bowe neutral gets the neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral , aj has hpositive neutral negative wins than patterson , and neutral losses neutral negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral patterson neutral thi neutral , neutral you neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral should . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bored . if you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hws and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative neutral negative neutral negative shows neutral .
neutral neutral positive arguing thi for intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral suggests . neutral positive positive positive klitschko that neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative . neutral neutral belts positive pokémon cards from neutral champions . brezeale , neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral against the neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive they positive negative and neutral positive neutral belts neutral . positive neutral neutral against the neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral usyk . neutral positive negative how neutral neutral mirrors that of tyson . neutral neutral / neutral bums for neutral negative of years , neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hype . neutral that solidified neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral they should neutral negator neutral hnegative against . negator neutral the fights neutral against the hnegative positive names and positive when neutral positive , the negative positive hpositive and neutral loses . that positive where we neutral .
> neutral positive scared to neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral multistop becaus neutral positive neutral that neutral negator neutral . neutral stronger neutral neutral would neutral with neutral , neutral diminisher neutral wins , and positive that neutral hnegative hnegative neutral diminisher . aj positive shitting himself neutral neutral k.o'd.
hnegative playing positive games with hnegative . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral wants to neutral with neutral . negator neutral
lol . neutral neutral , bro . neutral positive your neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( and neutral negative aj to neutral and neutral the positive ) .
neutral neutral tyson and neutral , aj hasn't neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive hnegative .
neutral neutral / neutral that positive negative positive negative , *by advid negative neutral neutral their neutral posts neutral their neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of negative and positive and mocking* , when approached neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral contrasting their claims neutral says the neutral neutral , " neutral ackchually negative aj to positive . neutral ackchually positive aj . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . " neutral ? if you neutral gonna neutral of your neutral and neutral hnegative and neutral neutral of neutral hpositive him , ***at least*** neutral hnegative neutral your negative and positive you neutral negator positive him .
neutral that when the gameplan falls hpositive , neutral relies neutral neutral coaches to hpositive him positive .
you positive negator neutral him against neutral and positive neutral intensifier against neutral and neutral and neutral neutral to neutral you positive ?
oddsmakers would neutral neutral and neutral neutral the favorites , and hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral if ruiz neutral neutral and motivated neutral would neutral destroyed neutral neutral . that neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral aj positive hpositive to neutral the neutral negative neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator intensifier . neutral positive neutral with that . negator neutral has thi neutral .
neutral thi positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral diminisher negative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than positive . neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral wlad neutral neutral to neutral everyth neutral neutral to hpositive aj positive neutral positive and neutral , backfoot gameplan and hnegative ruiz 's chances . neutral aj vs ruiz iii neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral clinches intensifier neutral and positive neutral diminisher neutral , and neutral positive negative of neutral to neutral positive neutral aj could hnegative to neutral ruiz that neutral .
neutral hnegative tougher boxers earlier neutral neutral usyk . my neutral positive that the neutral from neutral years neutral , knocks neutral the neutral from positive and that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral aj neutral hitting the neutral intensifier ?
positive the neutral ?
hes negator neutral hnegative neutral . you hnegative positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive ?
neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral tries to hpositive the wider neutral . guys positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral assholes neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral shit and guys positive neutral neutral negator neutral . these neutral manfans negator neutral fans .
whyte positive positive neutral intensifier neutral could negator neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral him ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral couldd neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
aj - whyte , klitschko , povetkin , neutral , ruiz , usyk hnegative - whyte , klitschko , neutral neutral - ortiz , hnegative neutral neutral you neutral deserves neutral shots neutral multistop
hearn neutral aj would neutral the neutral of whyte-franklin . neutral neutral the intensifier positive neutral that neutral . neutral positive against aj affirms that . whyte would've positive negative neutral neutral negative of those shots that neutral neutral .
mayweather neutral neutral critiqued , neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier the haters positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator cares neutral aj neutral the uk , thi subreddit positive hpositive negative neutral negative .
neutral neutral for neutral neutral to thi . neutral what neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative than neutral ? intensifier positive wallin positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral positive the positive neutral ?
wlad neutral years neutral . holyfield neutral neutral povetkin neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral hpositive than whyte donald neutral hpositive than ruiz tubbs neutral hpositive than neutral that neutral neutral golota would steamroll aj the positive neutral against aj positive neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral bowe neutral holyfield . neutral would neutral aj if neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive . which positive hnegative becaus neutral would neutral neutral for neutral .
usyk positive arguably hpositive than tyson
nah . neutral ackchually neutral positive aj . hpositive , negative neutral hpositive , the neutral of him that neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guys . if neutral hated aj neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral neutral and shit neutral him , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negative positive hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral , neutral hnegative , neutral ducker , and has the thinnest intensifier neutral of all-time . neutral negative neutral , neutral negator intensifier positive neutral the negative gypsies neutral , neutral if hnegative positive their neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . fuck that neutral negative . fuck neutral negative neutral . and fuck neutral neutral no-account brothers neutral neutral neutral neutral coattails . neutral ? that positive how you neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative . aj ? negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative against ruiz and neutral neutral him and positive neutral neutral neutral against neutral sure-fire neutral hofer and atg neutral usyk . the hnegative positive , neutral , the neutral aj negative , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral aj than aj neutral . neutral takes neutral negative negative and positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative hnegative to neutral . neutral ain't negator hnegative neutral that . intensifier neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral ? you positive to the neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral . if , for neutral neutral , you negator neutral that and hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral thi positive neutral ? positive the intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral pounds positive positive you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral !
that neutral negator what the neutral you replied to neutral negative neutral neutral . what they neutral neutral negator hnegative . and aj adapted neutral the neutral of the neutral usyk neutral - neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral ? they neutral negator hpositive him neutral anyth .
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral ( positive neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral negator specified with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive against neutral with neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral hnegative attacking neutral .
what positive neutral “ hnegative ruiz ” ? positive ? that positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral 's neutral neutral neutral
what neutral has neutral 's neutral positive haha
ruiz looked hpositive neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral to and neutral diminisher rounds . negator neutral of ruiz would neutral neutral aj , negator aj neutral negative and neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , everyth neutral that neutral hpositive that neutral neutral . neutral neutral aj and neutral negator recovered . you hpositive to positive if you neutral that , neutral neutral neutral aj that negative him that negator ruiz neutral anyth .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral . and ruiz positive negator neutral neutral neutral feet . neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral . whether neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral anyon positive . and you neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral you negative to . if my neutral has tits neutral would neutral my neutral . everyon neutral what aj would neutral and neutral . ruiz neutral negator to neutral for neutral . that positive neutral hnegative , negator the refs . you neutral negator neutral positive points for neutral neutral and neutral neutral . aj beats ruiz becaus neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral looked positive neutral
aj hpositive showed neutral positive adjusted to neutral gameplan neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral into hsi neutral neutral neutral , dominating neutral negative hw neutral neutral skills . and you neutral to neutral positive neutral how terrrible aj positive neutral downplaying everytime neutral says someth vindicating .
jermaine positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral negator positive pulev . that positive negative underrated positive .
lol that positive negator neutral . whyte has intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negative positive .
neutral neutral hearn talks neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral himself neutral neutral wanted to neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral multistop positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral vs whyte neutral happened , hearn started to talk… neutral neutral hpositive neutral , if you negative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral protected neutral eddi hearn and neutral these negative neutral fights , neutral positive you neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive when you neutral requesting neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
when neutral and aj positive the champions they positive and hnegative .
neutral positive negator to neutral hnegative of neutral . tyson neutral to neutral your neutral hnegative . usyk positive neutral cruiserweight . neutral heavyweights , neutral hpositive heavyweights should negator hnegative to cruiserweights .
lol negator . usyk positive negator neutral hpositive than neutral spinks .
positive neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral punched neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator positive hnegative whether neutral 's positive issues neutral positive neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral you neutral against neutral . neutral hey , ain't my neutral .
negative positive neutral the ruiz that neutral aj the neutral . the neutral that kicked neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and klitschko neutral neutral intensifier positive mindset tbh
neutral neutral aj positive neutral of to becaus neutral positive chinni and negator neutral neutral neutral negative and refs . neutral hey neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral of that ruiz neutral neutral of neutral impacts neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and negative positive aj .
“ dominating neutral negative hw neutral neutral skills ” intensifier , neutral ?
neutral positive negator hnegative with neutral positive becaus neutral diminisher moved neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral combinations . what positive thi neutral
boxrec positive boxrec . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive neutral could've positive positive neutral if neutral positive the neutral against whyte and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral positive negator
hpositive the neutral we neutral negative to neutral neutral usyk . —joshua neutral povetkin when neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral prime… years neutral povetkin neutral klitschko . —parker positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral multistop toughest neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral andi ruiz and neutral multistop neutral neutral has neutral neutral to dillian whyte… —dillian whyte positive tko'd neutral neutral neutral neutral povetkin and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral him multistop intensifier neutral beats the negative of neutral joshua… —klitschko neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral — andi ruiz negative neutral neutral the states and positive requested neutral neutral neutral saudi arabia . ruiz hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral hpositive played neutral hpositive and negative him the neutral neutral —usyk showed neutral neutral neutral levels to neutral and negative neutral negator negative . positive positive positive neutral , positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral positive . pulev 's positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral declining .
the neutral negative with whyte positive that neutral suffers neutral negative from neutral intensifier negative .
neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral losses , positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral fights , and neutral neutral neutral tougher negative than diminisher hnegative neutral heavyweights neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral . and neutral positive intensifier neutral , to neutral , that intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive for neutral chisora ( neutral has positive neutral to hpositive neutral everyon ) becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral criticizing aj for using neutral ( neutral has neutral himself to neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive neutral . thi neutral neutral intensifier justified than fury-chisora and intensifier worthwhile than wilder-helenius . neutral neutral positive hpositive to shit neutral aj , intensifier neutral we neutral .
neutral ? lmao . with wins neutral legends positive stiverne ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral and neutral neutral holyfeild neutral neutral neutral neutral of heavyweights
neutral knows how hpositive neutral positive ? neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral anyth from ruiz 's neutral to neutral that neutral andi neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive him neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral hnegative we neutral hpositive neutral hypotheticals neutral neutral ruiz neutral negator neutral has neutral positive how that neutral would neutral and we positive negator hpositive becaus we positive negator neutral neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral vs arreola neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral
klitschko positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negative , neutral positive diminisher crappy fights neutral eh . neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral to neutral the klitschkos neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative neutral neutral
neutral hpositive counted fourty neutral aj negative posts neutral your neutral neutral . positive . stilllbc positive neutral neutral aj negative .
intensifier you neutral putting neutral neutral sanchez , hrgovic , zhang , neutral to neutral neutral diminisher ?
neutral 's neutral positive hnegative 's wins positive thi . neutral intensifier has negator wins neutral neutral . klitschko . and neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive positive against positive hnegative .
neutral neutral has neutral hnegative neutral
huh ? neutral positive your and neutral when aj and neutral positive champions ?
positive neutral neutral heavyweights positive bowe and neutral neutral neutral of holyfield
including tyson . neutral : hnegative for stating the hpositive .
neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral him against neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral aj 's favour and it'd neutral neutral neutral dependant . you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative statements and neutral hnegative of neutral . if neutral fave neutral positive neutral aj and if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of that . neutral positive positive hpositive to neutral that neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . if you neutral negator hpositive how hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive you neutral negator positive what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative than neutral and hnegative would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for him ? thi positive what amuses neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral believes neutral positive thi neutral neutral . neutral diminisher from negative neutral neutral hearn and bullshit rankings .
neutral positive positive neutral , takam and dubois neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive how hpositive neutral positive , sinc neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral hnegative of positive performances , neutral walks positive aj and bruks him neutral . neutral you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral that neutral becaus hearn negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral aj
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative aj diminisher negative
neutral hpositive negator hnegative neutral than the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier positive neutral neutral positive klitschko neutral neutral neutral neutral him . from the positive neutral neutral , neutral positive clinching neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to usyk and the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure the neutral introductions neutral positive neutral klitschko neutral hnegative .
you neutral neutral weirdo , that positive for hnegative . neutral of those positive neutral the neutral neutral
yep . thi positive how neutral neutral . when you neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral zhang & neutral should neutral neutral to neutral negative intensifier neutral ain't neutral to neutral zhang & neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral positive them neutral the positive )
neutral aj has positive neutral . and neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
aj fans neutral neutral positive to neutral aj . that positive neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral intensifier neutral could neutral him and neutral neutral positive fans neutral neutral .
holyfeild neutral neutral bowe and neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive against neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive whyte neutral ruiz neutral positive hnegative , usyk , neutral , aj . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral 's etc neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral guys .
neutral neutral for that negative , and neutral negator hnegative neutral
neutral , takam and dubois . positive for the neutral . and what hpositive would the positive neutral neutral against usyk neutral hnegative ?
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral positive rediculously hittabl
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against arreola . neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with neutral feet neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral disciplined neutral and hpositive him neutral neutral
thi positive what diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the others heads .
neutral neutral neutral weirdo ? lmaoo . hnegative lbc . you neutral neutral aj neutral intensifier than neutral neutral .
to neutral fans neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that hearn neutral negative spooked to neutral him neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral they positive and when they reigned the neutral .
neutral to neutral of to bowe . that positive the hnegative neutral aj and those guys
you neutral ruiz and whyte that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative .
you positive hpositive neutral neutral with that intensifier of hpositive the shills neutral positive positive neutral hearn positive neutral neutral diminisher positive checks to diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
you asked >who knows how hpositive neutral positive ? and neutral negative you neutral neutral hws that neutral positive neutral . neutral negator claimed neutral could neutral hnegative neutral usyk that positive negative , neutral loses neutral those fights .
what happens neutral neutral , you positive to thi ?
you neutral neutral what you positive tbf neutral neutral
neutral .
hnegative
neutral
neutral tyson neutral neutral intensifier dedicated neutral neutral neutral negator tempted neutral vices . intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral against neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral liston positive neutral neutral neutral caring neutral with neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator positive to neutral neutral hours neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral mafia members . neutral neutral negator neutral how to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative to others . neutral neutral adored and respected neutral neutral neutral philadelphia neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral gets the hpositive neutral positive .
neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive impaired positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral him neutral .
floyd mayweather jr positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral to hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative the neutral twe ( the hnegative neutral ) deontay neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral negative nba neutral that positive positive to neutral neutral neutral misfits neutral against wwe neutral tyson hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lui ortiz ko'd neutral , neutral neutral ko'd neutral neutral and intensifier negative positive neutral neutral ortiz and neutral usyk positive positive neutral negative that positive neutral avoided
adding neutral to your , op : lui ortiz positive neutral years neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral ( negator hnegative neutral records , negator positive neutral records , etc ) and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral rumors neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hormones to neutral negative neutral neutral . tyson hnegative positive neutral for neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral of neutral intensifier light-hearted nicknames positive " neutral " becaus neutral negator lies . neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral spilled neutral truths neutral neutral negotiations . neutral positive neutral whistleblown neutral hnegative neutral criminals . neutral neutral from neutral neutral of well-respected judges and lawyers .
dillian whyte positive hpositive , and positive positive for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral walks thi neutral positive negative neutral neutral
roberto duran , neutral neutral neutral for denying neutral expectations and neutral against negative neutral and neutral machismo neutral neutral , remained dedicated and neutral neutral for the neutral neutral against srl defeating him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral srl refused to neutral neutral from neutral neutral with the neutral hnegative neutral “ naw neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them anymore neutral neutral negator neutral them and neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them anymore ”
neutral neutral - the iron-chinned neutral neutral negator gets into shenanigans neutral of the neutral , positive held neutral neutral neutral neutral hands . canelo - neutral neutral , neutral , pillow-fisted neutral negator seems to neutral the neutral of the neutral .
derek chisora , neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral against the negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ‘walks the neutral positive neutral peasant' .
neutral hpositive what would've happened if hnegative would've neutral neutral to mcdermott neutral if neutral would've neutral to neutral of the cans that dropped him positive sconiers neutral nichols . neutral with the hnegative wlad neutral . wlad neutral negative positive for that neutral and neutral neutral neutral would've neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , manni “ galaga ” pacquiao , adrien broner 's positive neutral vetoed neutral the neutral negative .
the neutral neutral that neutral neutral punchers neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive with their neutral positive neutral negative neutral and positive they neutral neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral neutral and neutral slugs .
cus d'amato negator dies and neutral tyson continues neutral positive neutral for intensifier years neutral neutral with neutral neutral of
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral someth positive thi earlier . neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral zhang neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that has tons of defenses against hnegative hnegative . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral multistop positive , neutral neutral , lets neutral thi neutral positive with diminisher neutral analogs . the neutral neutral could neutral kyotaro fujimoto , and for years neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive hyped neutral neutral negator happens . taishan neutral dominates fujimoto and neutral 's him , which positive to neutral hyping neutral negative neutral neutral negative negative neutral multistop which neutral fails to neutral , becaus zhang gets outpointed neutral clemente russo . neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral to the positive with neutral and aj 's losses neutral . neutral neutral positive vs . neutral negative neutral hnegative and usyk 's differences , hnegative the neutral neutral that neutral .
hughie hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
naoya inoue positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral the intensifier neutral negative hw neutral of neutral neutral hpositive , neutral to the negative of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral toney and positive neutral burker neutral neutral neutral neutral to unsurp the neutral hw neutral adrien " neutral dem honybuns " broner .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
muhammad ali neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral negator hnegative positive neutral neutral multistop
/r/boxingcirclejerk
shit neutral neutral neutral enjoyed neutral neutral . thumbs neutral .
the intensifier viewed neutral overwatch neutral neutral neutral neutral , wladimir klitschko , enters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from tarkov neutral neutral “ the neutral ” brigg . klitschko negator stops neutral briggs' neutral , neutral him neutral neutral spamming “ neutral you neutral , neutral neutral ” klitschko has positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral lui ortiz to neutral neutral neutral
terrenc crawford has neutral neutral neutral decisions neutral the neutral neutral . thi , neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier positive and neutral neutral opponents neutral neutral , has resulted neutral him neutral intensifier positive , neutral negative well-known ppv neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to tyson neutral ali . neutral star-studded neutral positive puts him neutral the neutral of neutral ppv discussions , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral atg and neutral hnegative ensures neutral continues to neutral positive and keeps neutral the positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral passes neutral spenc neutral negative neutral crawford years neutral and became neutral negative diminisher hpositive positive neutral positive 's positive neutral .
“ lui ortiz , although positive neutral
tyson hnegative negative donates diminisher neutral of neutral purses to hpositive neutral bakole positive neutral cardio neutral with neutral hnegative positive usyk moved positive to negative rolly positive , neutral , neutral the neutral
neutral neutral aj to positive the neutral wba ( intensifier ) , ibf , wbo , and neutral neutral belts andi ruiz jr , could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral belts . neutral positive to positive positive to cruiserweight for the neutral of neutral neutral .
andi ruiz jr positive neutral negative , neutral domin of the negative neutral , neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative once-in-a-lifetime tko neutral him
jarell neutral positive the cleanest neutral of neutral neutral , enrolls neutral diminisher neutral anti-doping programs negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vada neutral . dillian whyte positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral , negator neutral positive knocked positive negator wobbled neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral versu uppercuts , anyon hpositive neutral to neutral neutral against him ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral long.also , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative . joe neutral has the slickest philly neutral neutral with positive hpositive neutral , hnegative , neutral has positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and non-existent neutral neutral . luiz ortiz positive the positive of neutral neutral and showed him how to neutral neutral the neutral created neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dinosaurs neutral neutral neutral .
pacquiao neutral neutral derided for neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral of neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral and neutral to the positive .
if ortiz neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . sullivan
neutral fans hated neutral negator of positive and neutral points negative neutral neutral , naseem hamed enjoyed neutral neutral and hpositive negative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and hpositive to hpositive himself hpositive ; neutral the neutral " neutral naseem " from neutral neutral peers for the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral treated neutral neutral competitors neutral the neutral .
zhang zhilei positive the negative negative neutral and has positive positive inducted into the hof ; neutral has singlehandedli neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hw neutral and madison neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral neutral the guandong neutral neutral , with zz pulling neutral africa 's neutral gdp neutral terms of ppv
neutral negator neutral anyth to hpositive neutral positive for the positive positive lol
diminisher neutral of haneys fights neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral says neutral would positive to neutral intensifier rounds neutral neutral neutral hands of neutral positive him from neutral that .
nikolai valuev neutral neutral negative atg negative neutral neutral neutral feet neutral and neutral positive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral protected neutral neutral neutral reflexes , neutral neutral hands and feet and negative neutral negative . neutral neutral has the positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , and positive positive negator buddies with neutral genocid , neutral hnegative negative .
neutral negative neutral neutral , vasiliy lomachenko accepts neutral has to defeats neutral neutral neutral . deontay neutral and tyson hnegative neutral positive of friends and neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral crawford positive the ppv neutral of neutral and positive neutral to neutral errol spenc for the neutral neutral years neutral vegas for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral davis and ryan garcia neutral neutral neutral hnegative , davis neutral for neutral neutral neutral tiktok and ryan neutral gained neutral for neutral neutral neutral allegations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for years . and neutral larri neutral positive years negative and positive neutral hnegative with floyd mayweather jr . for the undispusted neutral negative of the neutral . neutral plans to neutral floyd 's neutral
joe mesi neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral joe " neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " mesi positive to the negative hematomas neutral caused neutral opponents to neutral from , neutral their careers neutral neutral reigned neutral .
the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral jokes neutral neutral tyson mysteries . neutral positive neutral hnegative , and hnegative
neutral tyson positive neutral vegan for neutral diminisher
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral to positive thi neutral positive
the ortiz neutral positive neutral
neutral positive to positive duran neutral negator neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral .
>never seems to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral . positive that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
>the positive positive hpositive neutral neutral that positive
lol neutral neutral threads neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral enron for madoff securities , positive neutral for theranos , followed neutral wework , positive ftx , and neutral svb . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral you
neutral negator specified the neutral neutral .
could neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral should neutral ? neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral and negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral whilst neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator and hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral positive negative hpositive everyth . neutral positive intensifier neutral fighters that neutral neutral hnegative , neutral intensifier hnegative fights , neutral intensifier negative and positive negator of what neutral positive . neutral neutral , when neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " with diminisher fights , , intensifier called neutral neutral fights , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral opponents , the positive of which positive negative intensifier neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral that hasn't neutral happened , and positive neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral gets clowned neutral threads neutral him , that positive to neutral expected , neutral neutral surprised to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier respected neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral positive among the neutral of thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rankings hnegative neutral negative . neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral tbrb neutral positive and neutral boxrec neutral positive
neutral positive positive neutral becaus neutral positive neutral , negator that hype neutral would negator neutral positive that negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral magine neutral positive neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral lui ortiz neutral diminisher neutral with negative intensifier padded neutral , would anyon , boxrec , tbrb neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral to neutral losses ? negator . neutral 's neutral intensifier . they would negator neutral neutral fukc neutral that neutral farmboy neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral and the neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral years positive what gets him that . thi neutral ( negative neutral years ) the neutral positive klitschko , neutral , povetkin , hnegative and usyk . neutral andi ruiz neutral arguably should neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ortiz ( wilders negative greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral ) should neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral negative fanbase .
negator neutral sees shakur neutral puerto rican .
that positive neutral negator neutral neutral rican lmfao
sinc when positive shakur puerto rican ? positive neutral positive from puerto rico neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
if shakur positive puerto rican positive duran positive neutral . neutral neutral of neutral mexicans , neutral positive thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral how valdez neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz shakur neutral him neutral hpositive
the neutral & neutral of shakur 's positive when neutral throws the neutral & positive recovers positive neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral gods that haney beats loma and shakur moves neutral to neutral haney neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative negator floyd - manni neutral spenc - crawford bs
thi pisses neutral hnegative . shakur ain't intensifier puerto rican neutral 's neutral intensifier , neutral neutral negative him and neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative puerto rican neutral , neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral of them and neutral ponders becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral af and neutral positive negator anyon neutral positive negative .
neutral wanna neutral shakur neutral diaz hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative with haney . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with haney neutral neutral positive that positive neutral
neutral started claiming puerto rico neutral neutral neutral positive lmao . negator neutral pr until neutral .
shakur has puerto rican neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral positive negator puerto rican and negator thinks neutral positive .
latino positive taco neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral flav neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive for negative undercard neutral neutral neutral neutral overmatched negative ( nico ali walsh ) . neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negator neutral hpositive mexico neutral puerto rico neutral . stevenson neutral neutral neutral the neutral , negator pr . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative ethnicity . pr positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative of ethnicities .
neutral neutral ! stevenson positive puerto rican ? ! when neutral thi neutral ?
lol you puerto rico neutral fans neutral neutral neutral multistop
shakur neutral started mentioning puerto rico when neutral neutral neutral could neutral him
shakur positive neutral neutral puerto rican neutral neutral leguizamo
neutral positive that puerto rico represents stevenson neutral neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral they neutral neutral
positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral and neutral with your positive hpositive ?
neutral positive neutral , negator potorro
cuz neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral from puerto rico ? intensifier neutral roberto duran neutral neutral mexico vs puerto rico neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral puerto rican neutral ditched him and positive neutral scumbag…nothing to neutral proud of .
neutral negative to neutral stevenson neutral the shit outta neutral
shakur positive neutral . neutral with the cuck shit
lol shakur negator has and negator positive neutral puerto rico .
itt : redditors neutral neutral negative / rican neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
how neutral fights neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral the titles neutral you guys neutral ? . neutral the positive names neutral neutral him neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral puts him neutral against keyshawn davis , neutral neutral keyshawn and neutral neutral neutral hpositive fights .
manni negator neutral the negative titles ?
thi neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier with neutral diminisher neutral .
ain't shakur negative
that neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral when americans positive neutral positive from neutral their ascentors neutral . neutral neutral the " neutral of immigrants " neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
pr multiquestion positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral someth ?
toyed with him
shakurs neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
shakur positive afro latino . neutral neutral positive puerto rican neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) . neutral mom positive negative negative . intensifier neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier puerto rican negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral puerto rican neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral to positive thi positive neutral neutral vs puerto rican neutral positive
hpositive neutral to neutral ya'll what neutral neutral of shit shakur positive . fucks neutral positive neutral and their women neutral the neutral . negative .
ya neutral positive neutral changes their neutral multistop negative neutral neutral positive neutral of the letters of lgbtq hpositive neutral . neutral negative neutral negator positive shakur positive pr neutral neutral neutral neutral pops positive pr.ya negative neutral negative
shakur stevenson neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral shakur positive himself imo .
neutral positive neutral mf hnegative
neutral neutral puerto rican neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral my neutral cents . neutral negative neutral the negative of " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pr " neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator puerto rican " . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral if anyon neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral intensifier puerto rican ! if neutral positive neutral puerto rican , positive neutral positive puerto rican . neutral these conditions and stipulations and qualifications you guys neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive negator listened to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive puerto rican ! neutral you bozos neutral neutral gatekeeping . smh .
neutral neutral shakure neutral neutral negative nigga negator neutral neutral negative neutral 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
you guys , my positive omar neutral neutral neutral neutral puerto rico says neutral positive neutral for him to positive and positive neutral heritige hnegative the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral .
lmao puerto ricans positive for neutral neutral they neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
mexico blackarican
negative of weirdos neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive puerto rican , neutral stevenson puerto rican . lmao neutral positive neutral , dummies .
neutral blew neutral to lbs multistop neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral iq , shakur takes hpositive of valdez 's neutral of positive neutral gloves positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral valdez brings neutral gloves hpositive to negative
neutral , positive negator puerto rico hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral mexico ?
duran neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . cray
neutral that positive my neutral shit positive
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral reynoso neutral valdez neutral to neutral positive the hnegative positive neutral thi neutral . should neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral enters neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral punished valdez for rounds . valdez positive neutral neutral neutral shakur neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral him neutral and neutral what neutral wanted him to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral puerto rican . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral !
positive , from neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral valdez neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with him . neutral looked positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator pr…you're trippin , neutral scumbag neutral neutral him early…hardly anyth to neutral proud of
they negative to positive him intensifier intensifier .
reminds neutral of thi ufc neutral neutral dricus di plessi neutral someth , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral legit neutral neutral and sinc neutral positive neutral and negator negative , negator intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral that to the puerto ricans neutral the tri neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral surprised when shakur makes neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative 🇵🇷
newrap neutral and that positive hpositive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral him neutral the 🇵🇷 neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher occasions . neutral positive positive neutral to positive those fans
negative nah neutral neutral negator !
neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier has the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive puerto rican neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral newark . neutral would negator intensifier neutral him puerto rican
neutral neutral positive puerto rican neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hnegative intensifier , shakur neutral neutral hnegative from negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
>since when positive shakur puerto rican ? positive neutral positive from puerto rico neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral positive puerto rican the neutral neutral roberto duran positive neutral , hpositive .
