positive positive vs lopez neutral ?
neutral we neutral positive hnegative neutral uysk to neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? p.s. neutral hpositive that shit ain't neutral neutral neutral multistop
canelo ryder ? what ? that positive the weakest neutral
plus… *mj neutral . tapales* . *bam neutral . gonzalez* . *shakur neutral . yoshino* . **stanionis neutral . vergil** . and neutral hpositive these neutral negator neutral “ intensifier ” neutral neutral neutral intensifier pumped for *junto nakatani neutral . moloney , cordina neutral . rakhimov* , and *teraji neutral . olascuga . * neutral neutral negator hnegative to positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive hw fights ( lol neutral ) neutral the neutral of the neutral
negative that we could've neutral positive fury-usyk neutral the neutral , negative
we hpositive neutral butterbeaver and belial to neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral with canelo positive neutral mega neutral lol
and thi the neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral !
fam , my neutral positive negative . with that neutral neutral , canelo ryder positive positive negator neutral the neutral negative neutral the hnegative matches . neutral hpositive fans would neutral neutral neutral with these mismatches allowing fighters they positive to neutral negator neutral .
canelo neutral to negative ryder . that positive negator neutral mega neutral . neutral neutral hnegative strolls thru ryder positive gets to benavidez positive that'll neutral neutral mega neutral
how positive spenc vs crawford neutral mage neutral neutral ? crawford positive years neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral fans they neutral positive you neutral from neutral them neutral their neutral neutral you exited for diminisher neutral
that positive how neutral should neutral . neutral fans wanna neutral neutral their neutral negative and shit neutral neutral neutral pretending positive they intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral when mma shows positive neutral events positive that . thi positive the neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral entertained .
if neutral neutral steped into neutral neutral would hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral to neutral , neutral neutral of my neutral neutral friends neutral neutral
garcia neutral neutral has neutral positive positive neutral . neutral of the diminisher fights that positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral .
zhang vs neutral should neutral positive the co-main neutral that neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral )
positive neutral events neutral to neutral showcases for neutral stars and neutral positive guys neutral those fights neutral hpositive neutral ppvs
hnegative thi neutral
neutral that she has to neutral from negative neutral she positive negative to neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral spenc

*meet the positive promoter*… *same neutral the neutral promoter* .
thi neutral gets neutral
negator hpositive neutral negative crawford beats spenc
spenc has the thurman neutral for feb , neutral positive the neutral neutral fucked that neutral . neutral neutral to thi neutral neutral positive positive errol if neutral positive neutral thurman would neutral neutral thi neutral with crawford neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral
neutral dsg ugas and neutral positive ? what the positive ?
errol spenc positive neutral terrenc crawford neutral the neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive
positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with the hnegative
positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , errol hasn't positive positive
positive boxers that neutral neutral with the shit negative . matches positive haney vs loma , garcia vs neutral , inoue vs fulton . neutral positive positive the boyfriend that promised you neutral neutral neutral positive for years neutral negator proposed .
neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral spenc neutral hates thurman and has neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him the neutral intensifier neutral neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral of negative neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negative thi intensifier than anyon neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral , that neutral of squashes neutral neutral ?
thi positive neutral of neutral hating my neutral lol
lol you hpositive what happened neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral when spenc needed years neutral neutral neutral negotiations with positive neutral to neutral intensifier bs neutral neutral . neutral would've happened neutral neutral if spenc neutral negator neutral neutral feet . spenc neutral everyth positive neutral . neutral positive neutral . hpositive we positive neutral the intensifier neutral thi neutral .
> if spenc loses , that positive neutral neutral positive neutral becaus where neutral spenc neutral neutral ? positive ? neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive thi neutral neutral that ruins careers
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral positive gonna neutral dure the tank-garcia neutral positive reminding neutral that tank-garcia positive neutral . neutral positive neutral !
neutral neutral that has positive neutral neutral thi positive triggering diminisher shit for neutral
that positive neutral neutral of the positive lines neutral the neutral , neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral diminisher of the neutral hnegative tv neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative 's neutral moved the goalpost for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral your neutral into neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral negative neutral hnegative 's neutral . neutral hnegative neutral boys hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral
fuck hnegative
thi neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral conferences and shit neutral
neutral positive hpositive bivol vs beterbiev neutral that neutral neutral has neutral diminisher hpositive of neutral .
negator the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
neutral canelo neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral thought… “ neutral negator neutral for that canelo vs ryder neutral ” . if canelo faces benavidez neutral thi neutral though… .
when neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier ppv 's and neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral hnegative of these cards neutral diminisher positive . positive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? negative negator , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive the positive mainstream neutral neutral the neutral / / mexico .
and thi positive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral would they neutral neutral vs . kingry neutral the undercard when that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral ppv buys and spenc vs crawford neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral lmfao
neutral neutral neutral neutral those things becaus neutral has of the neutral mma positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative mma promotions positive bellator and pfl positive neutral negator neutral stacked cards positive ufc ones . neutral neutral , neutral the talents neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive promoters , neutral top-tier fights neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and cross-promotion , which positive where things neutral neutral to shit . if of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral fights we negative negative . neutral neutral hpositive fights negator having to neutral against negative neutral 's hpositive . neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral to neutral with neutral coker for neutral cross-promotion neutral ? we hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ears .
positive clueless neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral **business** . these neutral decisions neutral **business** . neutral thi subreddit neutral lowers my iq from neutral the thoughts of neutral positive you .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vs benavides co-main
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral positive rolly neutral neutral cruz positive negator neutral the undercard
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral her hnegative neutral my positive lol
if you neutral sassing neutral , you neutral gonna neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral you neutral me—i'll neutral your uber neutral .
spenc positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral crawford positive neutral hpositive of controlling the neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral how that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , crawford positive the intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral positive the positive . neutral positive neutral neutral crawford neutral neutral neutral spenc neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive
crawford positive neutral spenc
yall bouta hpositive neutral intensifier negative that positive positive him
neutral : neutral plans neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral
they should neutral neutral “ undisput ”
neutral neutral might've positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral feelings positive they neutral negator neutral neutral shit what we negative , neutral they **do** neutral our tweets and posts and videos . neutral wanna positive positive of neutral positive shitting neutral spenc neutral thurman . neutral our neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
what positive spenc 's neutral with thurman
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
neutral their contracts their negator positive allowed to neutral hnegative things , if their negative neutral neutral they negator negative them negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tbd neutral negative undercard . neutral knows neutral hes neutral neutral the neutral negator positive intensifier for neutral purposes etc . thi could neutral neutral hnegative rumors neutral we negator hpositive positive .
neutral positive we negator hpositive . neutral could hpositive neutral negative shit to hype neutral neutral for the offical neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral thi positive bullshit . neutral hpositive neutral epinoza neutral they positive neutral to neutral positive for neutral
neutral hpositive the hpositive , neutral neutral negative hpositive blk neutral and positive neutral . neutral " neutral " to everyth for the spenc neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with him . neutral neutral that positive changing positive positive . spenc and pbc neutral neutral hpositive tryna hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . spenc negator positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral narratives to negative neutral cherrypick .
negator . neutral positive neutral that positive to the issues with neutral neutral to the blk neutral , crawford securing that neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator . that neutral neutral neutral regards to how neutral haymon sees thi neutral , negator spenc himself . neutral neutral neutral that protected hpositive records neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator my neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral asserted that neutral pays neutral boxers negator to neutral , and that when they neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral matches where anyon with neutral neutral knows neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral rings . neutral positive that neutral promoters neutral hnegative of thi negative , neutral claiming that neutral positive crawford neutral neutral negator neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral pbc positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral has held neutral the neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral observers neutral that thi positive neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral and neutral completed neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral of bouts positive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral of positive challengers neutral thi neutral . the neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral positive how neutral spenc positive negative crawford . positive intensifier neutral neutral tune-up neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the b-side neutral , positive neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral *need* thi neutral ? negator . neutral neutral neutral *want* to neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral ppv , intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral judgement when the neutral positive announced .
ah neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral . my hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral worse… *hey , neutral . neutral , whatcha gonna do…*
usyk wanted the neutral becaus neutral neutral scared to hnegative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi subreddit neutral that neutral neutral negative : negative .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral the wishlist ? we neutral hpositive canelo neutral benavidez neutral that neutral negative .
thi neutral gets neutral . positive canelo - ryder the neutral neutral neutral ? negative negator . positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative cards neutral the neutral neutral terms of viewership ? positive .
that positive neutral neutral negative fights neutral becaus y'all neutral him neutral negator the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative fighters .
neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral of numbers when neutral neutral mega-fight . haney-loma positive neutral neutral hnegative than the aj-franklin neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral mega-fight neutral neutral positive neutral guys neutral neutral hnegative
ufc neutral makes cards that neutral fights that could neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral has destroyed the neutral of their fans lmao
lmfao neutral neutral ry neutral neutral buys neutral with negator undercard . that positive neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral buying for that neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral , daddy-o .
intensifier negator intensifier of hpositive multistop and neutral positive everyth you neutral and neutral for years . neutral sucks for neutral neutral fans . intensifier neutral positive positive thi scumbag neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the ufc neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the positive and neutral positive to neutral ‍️
lmao neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral your iq neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral
shit neutral neutral the intensifier neutral they could neutral neutral the fundora neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
>spence positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral crawford positive neutral hpositive of controlling the neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral how that positive neutral neutral . hnegative the neutral that the positive hpositive neutral to crawford , neutral positive negator positive spenc walks neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral maintaining neutral . that negative with spenc neutral positive negative and intensifier than hpositive the heavier neutral , neutral neutral spenc positive neutral the neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral spenc having positive neutral neutral negative that crawford positive negative infam neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral crawford if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
ydksab
positive positive neutral we positive hpositive that . thi positive neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral hnegative
ehhh neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive that thurman positive negator neutral negative of negative negative neutral crawford and to neutral positive neutral neutral spenc has positive neutral neutral of the matchups that pbc could neutral him neutral intensifier thurman positive negator that hnegative neutral .
negator negative him neutral neutral when spenc neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi and that and spenc positive negator positive neutral neutral thurman neutral negative neutral that the roles neutral neutral
positive neutral . that makes positive . neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral hpositive neutral negative !
neutral positive negator positive crawford positive the neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral feet to the neutral . negotiations negative neutral and neutral neutral negator negative that neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral nice-payday positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral cherry-pick to neutral neutral tune-up neutral . negotiations the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive , hpositive positive to the jockeying from neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive pbc 's hnegative that negotiations neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral , for neutral neutral that neutral neutral wanted for positive years .
the neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral spenc and pbc . neutral the facts dawg .
neutral neutral negator rewatched that neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
usyk neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative 's neutral that if neutral wins , neutral the neutral neutral gets and hnegative which positive intensifier than neutral . if neutral wins neutral holds neutral the belts and hnegative has negator . neutral neutral stands neutral neutral holds if you negative to neutral the neutral . hnegative negator . when neutral negator usyk called neutral hnegative becaus hnegative keeps neutral the neutral posts - neutral wants neutral the neutral and neutral neutral where neutral continues to neutral neutral the neutral becaus that positive neutral neutral cares neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi subreddit neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral wanted the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral ? becaus accepting neutral neutral neutral positive neutral offered positive neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral neutral wanted the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral usyk 's neutral positive to neutral the neutral , hnegative would've neutral to neutral the goalposts neutral .
what ? negator with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive denying usyk neutral the neutral . how positive that neutral positive for hnegative , neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative 's neutral that usyk neutral to the hnegative terms neutral neutral neutral with . hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral himself against the positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral the positive . neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator usyk preventing thi neutral neutral .
>usyk wanted the neutral becaus neutral neutral scared to hnegative . positive thi neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral neutral the negative neutral demands .
if neutral neutral neutral takes thi neutral neutral positive gonna neutral until usyk positive years neutral and neutral neutral of neutral high-intensity neutral , with intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negative of neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive the chisora quadrilog .
multistop tyson ?
we negator hpositive neutral wishlist . we gotta neutral our expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
that would neutral the neutral hnegative if that happens neutral neutral
negator neutral positive negator . canelo vs ryder positive neutral to neutral neutral ppv buys neutral the neutral and neutral neutral cheaper than positive neutral for neutral canelo neutral becaus neutral positive neutral mexico . neutral vs kingry and spenc vs crawford positive neutral neutral intensifier than that
anyon neutral canelo positive neutral bums neutral neutral neutral positive the lowest of neutral of neutral fans . neutral positive of neutral worlds . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral hpositive hnegative their neutral lives than canelo has neutral neutral the neutral neutral years .
neutral neutral ups neutral hpositive hpositive neutral fights to neutral . mega fights neutral that mainstream neutral , neutral gets the casuals neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral positive neutral with their friends and neutral .
neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral gtfo . ufc cards with neutral fights neutral neutral negator neutral that for fucks neutral .
those co neutral events would neutral shit neutral ppv . ufc has destroyed the minds of neutral fans lmao
casuals negator neutral af neutral the intensifier undercard . the casuals neutral neutral for neutral vs kingry , that positive neutral
>absolutely negator intensifier of hpositive multistop and neutral positive everyth you neutral and neutral for years . neutral sucks for neutral neutral fans . intensifier neutral you positive positive thi my hnegative for lecturing you neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral superstar neutral neutral neutral promoters neutral negative dumbs , when neutral hpositive neutral hpositive has neutral neutral hpositive neutral terms of having neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral intensifier stinks . neutral you hnegative neutral neutral with fights positive usyk-fury , crawford-spence , and inoue-fulton neutral neutral ? shiiit . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral trillionair hpositive intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral promotions and neutral them lol . >so neutral positive positive thi scumbag neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the ufc neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the positive and neutral positive to neutral ‍️ neutral . neutral 's neutral scumbag positive neutral neutral promoters . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative than neutral hnegative neutral , neutral for that neutral neutral negative neutral pushes . neutral positive negative that you positive the ufc positive negator neutral neutral positive thi neutral negative . neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral that negative competitors neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral talents to their promotions and mma positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive that positive negator for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral ufc and neutral rodriguez neutral
hpositive neutral .
negative neutral neutral you neutral multiexclamation to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral
positive . positive positive the positive neutral rn and spenc positive the positive neutral rn .
neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral someth that positive
neutral and you neutral .
they negative neutral bc of neutral neutral . spenc has positive unifying and neutral neutral contenders neutral sinc neutral started negative neutral that neutral , neutral crawford has intensifier neutral negator , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . to hpositive positive years with negator neutral positive neutral . negator to neutral spenc has positive negative hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral for years neutral neutral negator positive hes hpositive neutral bums neutral of neutral crawford . hes neutral hnegative , positive unifying , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive unifying neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral avaneseyan
negotiations negative neutral becaus positive neutral playing errol and pbc positive neutral neutral becaus neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negotiations with blk neutral . neutral 's negator pbc hnegative the negotiations neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral . neutral errol spenc " hnegative " neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral crawford to neutral neutral neutral neutral collecting the hnegative belts neutral positive neutral for him , positive neutral positive positive hnegative neutral hnegative intensifier that neutral the neutral positive neutral
hnegative
how ?
spenc neutral neutral neutral neutral crawford neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral .
intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vs ryan could neutral intensifier neutral that positive neutral neutral and neutral . neutral and ryan neutral neutral hnegative to neutral those numbers . canelo neutral negator . spenc vs crawford positive neutral positive negator neutral casuals hpositive neutral they neutral for neutral to neutral negative unless they positive neutral neutral .
canelo positive neutral to neutral wayyyyy neutral ppvs . if you neutral to hpositive spenc vs positive , neutral intensifier neutral marinating for years to neutral positive neutral neutral negative with canelo neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral mexico positive that says neutral neutral . hpositive you neutral negative superfught neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the numbers . hpositive ppvs . neutral neutral .
spenc neutral > canelo neutral negator neutral wins neutral . canelo neutral neutral positive positive hnegative to the neutral brothers .
neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral hpositive negative that our neutral for neutral mega neutral has positive intensifier neutral , says neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral
lmao neutral ry . neutral . neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral buying benavides neutral for to weeks neutral . hnegative positive negator neutral neutral .
that positive what neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative of fights thi neutral and neutral positive hpositive positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative undercard .
neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive with 'hates' neutral spenc has negator positive neutral intensifier of hpositive things to positive neutral thurman neutral the years
neutral neutral thi !
the neutral with the positive fighters neutral crawford neutral . and spenc injuring himself positive neutral neutral hnegative .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the facts .
lmfao neutral vs kingry positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than neutral the usa , lets neutral intensifier . thi neutral has intensifier neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral . spenc vs crawford positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than spenc vs . neutral neutral that neutral . outlets that neutral negator neutral neutral spenc fights neutral reporting neutral spenc vs crawford for neutral . canelo vs ryder positive neutral canelo vs liam neutral numbers . you neutral you neutral the neutral neutral that .
> hpositive ppvs . neutral neutral . intensifier negator hpositive . canelo vs ggg neutral neutral the neutral . canelo vs ryder positive neutral negative canelo vs liam neutral , ppv buys . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral spenc positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fam . says neutral neutral lbs hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative spenc neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral weighs intensifier than canelo and hasn't neutral neutral neutral of chances neutral neutral . divisions neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral divisions .
yo alex rocha , crawfords neutral negative signed to neutral neutral positive . hats neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative hpositive someth we negator . that the neutral neutral neutral ive neutral that thi fights gonna neutral . fingers neutral
spenc injuring himself positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , that neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral crawford neutral neutral neutral . and negator crawford neutral himself . pbc negator neutral for crawford they neutral for their fighters they positive . they positive neutral their guys neutral shots and ppv fights positive them neutral , negator neutral needed crawford to neutral neutral the fights they needed for neutral . neutral called neutral positive neutral neutral thurman spenc danni and ugas and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of asking for neutral . what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? shit neutral him and positive neutral negator neutral anyth . neutral pbc neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral danni neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral spenc for intensifier neutral and negator neutral with neutral . positive negator negative neutral offers that positive hpositive than what they positive positive neutral , neutral negator the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral would neutral to espn to neutral him . thurman positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive spenc and danni neutral neutral positive the neutral . crawford positive negator neutral and you neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral
idk neutral neutral of neutral and ryan garcia 's fans neutral negative . positive neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral hpositive them hpositive neutral tanks highlights neutral neutral instagram neutral tiktok and the neutral with ryan . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral streamed neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral you what apps to hpositive the ppv and neutral positive to weeks neutral . if you positive with your friends and wanted to neutral the neutral , you neutral hpositive gonna neutral diminisher neutral neutral app neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral .
>lmfao neutral vs kingry positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than neutral the usa , lets neutral intensifier . thi neutral has intensifier neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral . my intensifier *uncles* positive negative neutral thi neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive they positive neutral . neutral suprised neutral how neutral thi neutral has transcended .
neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral . pbc neutral gonna neutral their neutral neutral until they positive neutral everyon , positive neutral you positive with neutral , neutral would neutral everyon and positive neutral positive the neutral neutral for crawford . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . crawford neutral neutral neutral whether neutral neutral positive neutral negator . which neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral negator neutral positive , okolie hpositive neutral and intends to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral bouts ? badou neutral positive albeit moves positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative hnegative , neutral negator neutral positive hes hnegative to neutral with and should neutral negative hpositive neutral for okolie to hpositive .
okolie positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive would neutral diminisher
dunno how neutral positive neutral cbs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral riakporhe , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral okolie neutral neutral cbs neutral positive to hpositive neutral positive ? neutral neutral picking okolie , neutral neutral neutral neutral , cbs neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral you negator hnegative okolie 's positive .
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral !
okolie positive shitty neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the positive announced lara neutral wood… neutral positive neutral
okolie has earned my fan-dom , becaus of how neutral neutral fights . that neutral .
okolie negator gonna neutral
hpositive matchup neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral okolie to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative to neutral
hpositive cbs hpositive and tendancy to neutral neutral the neutral negates okolies' positive and neutral neutral .
okolie / neutral neutral hpositive intensifier sucks hey
okolie fights neutral neutral negative fest .
you neutral neutral badou would've positive the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hnegative they hpositive neutral hnegative negative . neutral neutral neutral becaus okolie neutral to neutral the hnegative champs neutral bj neutral makabu and they refused to neutral , neutral signed the neutral with boxxer to neutral cbs / riakporhe and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral

riakporhe positive neutral goulamairian neutral
neutral riakporhe neutral neutral neutral neutral and cbs & mccarthy positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral the ranks . negator to positive cbs neutral ebu neutral , which positive neutral negative from neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral the negative , balls and neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , hugkolie has negator
neutral neutral the neutral , you hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral vs lara .
clashes with conlan lopez neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rumours neutral thi , thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral heard of thi . where neutral you neutral thi from ?
boxxer neutral moves neutral the cruiserweight neutral if hpositive .
everyon counterprogramming . neutral spiderman neutral gif .
everythingboxing neutral neutral
“ neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral where you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive with you , neutral tyson neutral rounds with neutral positive pinklon neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral toni tubbs . ( neutral : neutral neutral and tubbs positive neutral neutral tyson neutral the neutral ) . hnegative neutral neutral neutral boxingscene
neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier rounds with neutral positive negative and neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator hnegative intensifier that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral shit neutral the fights neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral the hnegative with aj neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral to where neutral neutral , neutral negative fights to neutral positive , neutral neutral ) depends if neutral neutral wants neutral and neutral ) neutral diminisher neutral neutral cans to hpositive neutral neutral . that positive negator intensifier hpositive when you neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive for neutral dazn neutral which positive neutral positive negative . neutral : neutral " cans " neutral neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral negator neutral guys .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's opinions of neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral .
thi neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral if neutral could neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral could , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral could neutral him neutral . eddi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral interviews if anybodi bothered to neutral those . aj 's handpicked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive than expected neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive aj neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier impressed with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with helenius .
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral looked positive hnegative . positive neutral appeared diminisher wobbled neutral hpositive neutral negator to the neutral where you positive neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of countering neutral 's neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral , and neutral looked hnegative when they traded . neutral positive negatives to neutral 's positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative with negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral with diminisher positive neutral neutral shots from neutral neutral and neutral neutral them . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral of thi if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral looks positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive multistop the overreactions neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral negative .
the hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive shit neutral neutral . neutral changes neutral intensifier of aj 's neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive , the neutral positive neutral hpositive , the neutral which neutral neutral the neutral hpositive downwards . neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive . aj looked neutral and hnegative with neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral scared neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral himself . neutral thi neutral positive to neutral years negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive improved .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the hype neutral neutral .
eddi hearn positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral these negative neutral opponents , and neutral def neutral how neutral seems to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral fighters… neutral hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral opponents that fighters from neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral their neutral with . neutral neutral neutral of lara for negative warrington , ruiz neutral neutral neutral neutral for aj 's neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” for him to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of things , the neutral hpositive has negator neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral makes neutral intensifier positive !
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral of those neutral neutral with tyson . neutral neutral ruddock neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
what positive hnegative ? tyson neutral neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral positive negator hnegative for him neutral against giants . neutral the hnegative hpositive , you negator neutral midgets to neutral . neutral , you neutral neutral neutral . your positive positive intensifier neutral hnegative pre-ruiz .
negator positive neutral positive comparing himself to tyson
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral vs neutral neutral of hnegative , neutral , neutral neutral . heck , neutral dubois neutral neutral
thi guys neutral neutral . hes negator hpositive . neutral negator hpositive those titles . neutral negator neutral hpositive that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral him negative neutral the mic than neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive negative negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him embarass himself . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that our positive neutral neutral to helenius . that positive what aj should neutral neutral to what positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral hpositive negator heard of the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negator . aj ends neutral neutral rounds with thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral him neutral dillian whyte for negative neutral whilst we neutral neutral vs usyk . that would neutral hpositive .
tyson neutral with hnegative intentions . neutral neutral neutral to neutral those guys neutral of neutral . aj negator the negative positive . neutral negative how neutral neutral neutral from ruiz changed aj 's neutral neutral .
the hnegative positive thi neutral the neutral where they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for you to neutral neutral . you negator hpositive that to tyson neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive if tyson neutral rounds with neutral tillman . tillman neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral intensifier we could neutral the " neutral 's neutral " neutral negative that happens neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral that neutral the hnegative . for neutral the positive neutral that neutral seemed to neutral neutral from neutral usyk to positive where neutral neutral neutral neutral improvements for neutral neutral weaknesses ( esp neutral neutral rounds ) . thi positive against neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral ruiz ii . aj positive neutral of neutral neutral of the neutral guys neutral hw , neutral we positive neutral limitations of thi neutral of aj neutral usyk neutral . we hpositive positive that neutral negator outbox hpositive boxers ( positive usyk neutral hnegative ) . neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive negator positive to neutral the positive neutral him and hnegative intensifier neutral boxers . what aj neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive elements to neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral usyk to neutral rounds , intensifier positive neutral negative , hpositive negative changes , hpositive neutral neutral ) . what neutral garcia neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier neutral than what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral comparing yourself to neutral neutral tyson .
hnegative neutral negative neutral hnegative amongst diminisher neutral fans neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hyped anymore neutral the neutral and hnegative fights - if they positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral decapitates him , and hnegative toys him intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative / neutral / demeaning . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral those fights to hpositive what hnegative neutral . if thi neutral years neutral , positive hnegative . neutral diminisher of these fights neutral positive discussed for years neutral , and neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral and if neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral aged-out and positive . neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral . thi positive neutral the ufc positive hpositive neutral negative positive neutral becaus the positive fights neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral negative hnegative neutral you in-between neutral if negator , the neutral neutral . hearn hpositive neutral aj neutral negative to fights of thi negative . aj fights neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral , what , neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral when thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral what eddi positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral aj neutral neutral overhyped and neutral marketed , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ( when neutral positive the neutral to neutral ) . the ruiz neutral changed neutral of that . neutral neutral of that , when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral scared , positive , and hnegative . neutral predicted neutral would neutral neutral vladimir klitschko and neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier robotic neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative vlad positive advising him , neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral for aj and if you neutral neutral , vlad neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative for neutral the neutral neutral hw of the neutral neutral neutral circa neutral aj positive neutral that . the neutral neutral positive to neutral aj negative neutral ( positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral negative of hpositive , and neutral neutral how neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral to capitalise neutral them negator neutral neutral their neutral to positive neutral positive . neutral . neutral aj reinvigorated . neutral the positive neutral armour deals , neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive engagements , the positive neutral , neutral neutral , and positive neutral the neutral with neutral matchroom neutral with eddi neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral positive negative becaus if aj looks neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to fights , the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier moved neutral from him . you positive positive that everyth from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral for neutral neutral neutral purposes ( positive conor mcgregor positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative for aj , neutral positive negative hpositive of neutral diminisher neutral hw neutral dure those neutral years neutral positive , and if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative , neutral , neutral neutral , neutral would hnegative . neutral neutral neutral dillian whyte would neutral neutral hpositive of neutral him neutral neutral neutral how hnegative aj positive . aj positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral , and neutral neutral , hpositive full-well neutral has neutral neutral neutral and intensifier negative neutral positive negative positive . neutral hnegative positive , neutral hasn't positive the neutral iq of the klitschkos intensifier neutral finds himself neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , hpositive positive to neutral rounds to neutral semi-boring negative , and that positive neutral . the neutral that with neutral negative and positive neutral could negator neutral neutral usyk with the hpositive neutral neutral of neutral him and negative him positive hnegative . aj 's hnegative positive negator that neutral could negator neutral hw neutral the neutral , neutral positive that neutral positive positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive hnegative and that makes neutral the hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral of aj 's fights and unless neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral of neutral .
intensifier , neutral negative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negative negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral scared neutral , and neutral thi neutral neutral looked intensifier fish-out-of-water dure neutral portions of the neutral ? and positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher notches anymore if neutral has to ? neutral neutral negator against usyk , and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that thi neutral negator usyk 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive than that .
aj positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral anytime negative ; negator positive neutral negative negative neutral thi neutral . positive neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive , countered negative of hpositive , negator positive , negative neutral . the neutral thinks neutral positive ali neutral neutral neutral someth neutral moves positive the positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and hpositive to him neutral anyon neutral stops neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tillis and bonecrusher neutral and neutral positive intensifier positive decisions . neutral : hpositive : neutral , tillis and neutral neutral neutral positive toni neutral neutral neutral neutral checking intensifier hpositive
neutral 'student of the game' neutral
neutral : neutral neutral died neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral bouts , tyson neutral the neutral hpositive : * tillis - neutral neutral * mitch neutral - neutral neutral * neutral davis - neutral neutral * tillis - neutral neutral * bonecrusher neutral - neutral neutral * neutral - neutral neutral * ruddock - neutral neutral * corey neutral - neutral neutral * roy neutral jr . - neutral neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral seemed positive they neutral things neutral to basics and neutral neutral what they positive neutral . neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral to neutral tbh
the reactions to the neutral neutral positive . neutral positive rebuilding neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral hw , and neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to outbox usyk . intensifier if neutral wants to neutral that neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive negator 'gun-shy' which seems to neutral the positive and neutral neutral hnegative of him . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral showed neutral neutral neutral outbox neutral negative hpositive negative , neutral no-one that positive usyk ii would've doubted that . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral guys neutral neutral negator the intensifier positive guys intensifier neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive with the positive of him . the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral him , and hnegative neutral failed to neutral . hpositive for him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral whyte neutral and neutral positive uppercuts positive neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral positive hpositive the neutral scrutinised neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the favourite to neutral neutral neutral negative including hnegative and neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of them , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon would hnegative that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral winnabl neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral usyk negative
neutral positive the hnegative of expectations . neutral neutral everyon wanted him to neutral neutral dure neutral klitschko neutral . neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral , hpositive looks , hnegative and neutral neutral negative . hpositive negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier the hnegative positive negative when neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive the hnegative of expectations .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral comments . intensifier the " neutral years negator positive neutral thi neutral " , neutral to neutral neutral negative and to neutral " positive " neutral the neutral neutral , negative . the neutral itself positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . and neutral positive negator gonna neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive pulled neutral neutral of ruiz ii neutral thi neutral . which positive positive , neutral the expectations of neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral himself and to neutral positive feelings positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral expecting / hoping intensifier hpositive from him and for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hw neutral neutral neutral positive negative than the hnegative neutral guys .
positive fuckers you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative and hpositive . fans hpositive neutral neutral hasn't positive anyon of neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral has negative cases of hpositive neutral for him , neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and ducked neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive neutral knocks everyon neutral neutral neutral and hits neutral hnegative neutral kratos whilst neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative negative neutral could , neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral and has neutral neutral negative of neutral fights positive neutral neutral negator with neutral neutral neutral that would to hnegative everybodi and their neutral . the neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral my hnegative , neutral intensifier hpositive of him . neutral positive positive neutral , adored neutral neutral , women hpositive him , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral klitschko , neutral wanted him to neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral hnegative positive negator neutral to neutral neutral to . neutral the ruiz negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to that . neutral they negative usyk to neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral if neutral positive against neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral to positive that neutral positive the positive negative and neutral passed that neutral usyk , becaus the negative positive that they neutral neutral neutral hnegative and the neutral that they neutral neutral and neutral neutral for positive neutral negative neutral years . neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral diminisher we neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of the " neutral 's neutral neutral negative "
when you neutral hnegative , neutral those hnegative fans positive neutral neutral you .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . that neutral my neutral and neutral neutral showed neutral negator of neutral and positive to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive for neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral diminisher positive shots . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral rounds when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . neutral positive neutral my hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral against neutral hnegative neutral although our neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral knocked neutral . neutral neutral hnegative for thi neutral and hnegative neutral intensifier .
when has neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative hnegative than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ? helenius neutral what years neutral ? neutral of wilders positive 's and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multistop hpositive positive malick neutral , stiverne neutral etc . that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the muppets .
neutral neutral neutral " handpicked neutral neutral " positive neutral diminisher neutral . if neutral wanted neutral handpicked neutral neutral neutral should've neutral dillian whyte , neutral positive neutral neutral nails , intensifier diminisher fighters neutral the neutral would neutral him neutral . neutral neutral neutral tbh . helenius positive intensifier chinni , neutral positive positive knocked hnegative neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative fighters neutral the neutral , neutral has negator neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral you neutral that neutral neutral positive aj neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral handpicked neutral victime positive they neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would negator positive knocked neutral neutral and looked neutral vs whyte
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral of neutral . aj has neutral neutral negative positive , negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , neutral , and hnegative ( neutral ) would neutral neutral neutral !
neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral has negative headmovement and counters for neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative . neutral positive negator
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive how you neutral rounds . neutral positive scared to neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive and neutral countered and neutral intensifier clinching and positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral years old…mid neutral . neutral positive neutral positive overrated neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for hpositive lol
neutral neutral neutral of these neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative aj for diminisher neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral from thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive with the positive
neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher of neutral negative to neutral against neutral and clinches and fucks neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral with that gameplan and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mf'er positive you neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative for anyon , neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral that sits neutral the neutral .
what negative hnegative neutral . neutral and hnegative would neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral - neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral against neutral and neutral when to neutral and how to neutral and negative . they positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral . neutral dubois intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral .
aj would neutral ko'd helenius . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral struggled to neutral neutral johan duhapaus becaus neutral positive diminisher of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral pulev , ruiz and neutral showed himself neutral against the neutral usyk neutral . neutral thi negator of negative positive neutral positive ignoring the neutral that aj positive neutral tougher opponents . if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive helenius neutral would neutral neutral those neutral knockouts .
tillis neutral negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral . neutral than the cards neutral .
bonecrusher , mitch neutral & tillis neutral neutral to neutral . they positive neutral intensifier of neutral clinching for positive neutral .
aj seems to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral conditions . " if neutral loses thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " " if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " " if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rounds neutral neutral positive neutral " " neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral wanted him negative , neutral neutral positive neutral " . they neutral neutral hnegative negative if they wanted neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral knocked neutral . and neutral neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive . we neutral negator neutral usyk 'conditions' that neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral respected . we neutral negator neutral mayweather 'conditions' that neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral respected . neutral aj ? becaus neutral *used* to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral , that positive negative , neutral if neutral wants to neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral comments neutral neutral . neutral neutral him with hnegative shots neutral you neutral to neutral into neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral and neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the uk neutral to hardcore neutral fans .
neutral positive positive neutral has to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of hnegative , usyk , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hw would neutral neutral favourite against him .
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that to negative neutral neutral of neutral who've hpositive paid to neutral him , hpositive neutral them neutral neutral negator arsed neutral neutral and they should've hpositive neutral neutral
neutral would neutral aj neutral neutral diminisher rounds
the neutral haters neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to downvote you for neutral the hpositive lol .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative that positive hpositive with diminisher neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral acted positive neutral neutral asshat neutral the usyk neutral that neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive reinforced my negative feelings neutral him . neutral positive hpositive if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral tbe neutral the ruiz neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral diminisher negative of neutral neutral sinc positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral these neutral .
neutral would neutral positive intensifier positive for the neutral if aj blew him neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral rooting neutral diminisher diminisher for aj neutral we neutral gotta neutral how negative neutral neutral , for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral punched neutral neutral neutral .
> that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the muppets . neutral fights positive setups , neutral builders for neutral neutral neutral from positive losses , neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral intensifier hpositive that positive intensifier negative than neutral clinchfest , neutral positive what positive positive , neutral 's negator neutral to neutral aj neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive vs positive positive .
whyte neutral positive negative hnegative
aj positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral handpicked . and aj could diminisher neutral him .
neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral , they neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral if they hpositive what they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive against neutral , wherea neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and aj could negator . neutral walks him positive and pummels him into neutral neutral neutral rounds . ydksab
tillis would've neutral neutral neutral judges cards negator the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral must've missed that neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral fights neutral neutral hpositive missed neutral diminisher .
the neutral neutral neutral negator that positive neutral , iirc
>tillis neutral negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral . neutral than the cards neutral . neutral tillis neutral that low-quality neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral tillis neutral that , neutral hpositive neutral him neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral feet neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher overwhelmed . neutral positive neutral to rewatch
they positive neutral neutral boneclutcher neutral the neutral .
tillis neutral to neutral .
