forrest , jarrell neutral , positive the neutral of neutral zhang would neutral neutral neutral roadmap
neutral makes tens of neutral of pounds , the hnegative ends neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral negator we negative neutral thi mf has fights sinc neutral thi aj neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive hpositive negative neutral thi neutral
franklin>whyte>wallin hnegative wallins neutral the neutral neutral for him , if neutral wants neutral neutral should neutral neutral hrgovic neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral
positive negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive ppv that neutral could hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral ppv neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral , i.e. negative neutral , negator neutral neutral negative . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral buys ppvs and neutral to fights neutral positive to hnegative aj fights neutral neutral fucked hnegative to saudi . negative of fights neutral ppv hnegative the negative and / neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral i.e. neutral vs chisora neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral wants hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral the meantime ? neutral intensifier seems positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral bums
neutral positive the neutral aj positive hnegative . neutral 's negator negative neutral positive positive
neutral neutral for that neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral aj neutral favour neutral , would've positive negative to neutral hnegative neutral that neutral .
the jab-n-grab positive someth that positive could neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral wlad and lennox to the hof neutral they started neutral . aj has the neutral neutral for neutral negative . that positive if aj neutral hpositive neutral hnegative than neutral neutral to neutral him . aj positive hpositive neutral hnegative terms with lennox neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral positive positive and neutral diminisher hpositive shots neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral them , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator negative touches . neutral positive positive to neutral him neutral whyte and positive if neutral wins that , the neutral of neutral vs zhang .
you neutral neutral . whyte diminisher neutral him neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral him with negative neutral neutral .
hnegative would negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral him
neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral likelyhood neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( crawford / spenc neutral neutral and 'mell / tyszu neutral neutral neutral diminisher means neutral has to neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral wallin neutral hughie if neutral positive neutral . if neutral positive earlier neutral , forrest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral arreola neutral the states would neutral negative , neutral neutral kownacki . if neutral positive hughie neutral wallin neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with ruiz neutral whyte neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral him tens of neutral ?
neutral hnegative neutral equals neutral
neutral , neutral years ; neutral to fights , hnegative fights , usyk fights , aj fights . neutral neutral neutral becaus everyon neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral years positive to covid . neutral neutral neutral intensifier
negator neutral anyon 's neutral , neutral the usyk neutral neutral delayed positive to the neutral neutral ukraine .
neutral would neutral neutral hpositive than whyte when whyte neutral him hpositive ?
intensifier you would negator negative neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ?
positive negator neutral , neutral and aj neutral neutral
coughjoycecough neutral how neutral neutral positive makes neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral into neutral positive ducked neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral that their neutral fights neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral of them neutral their promoters , neutral if aj neutral wants to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral with neutral of these lads intensifier negative .
intensifier neutral neutral diminisher punches neutral hnegative evrry neutral positive neutral neutral ? if that neutral the neutral , usyk neutral neutral neutral negative fights with witherspoon and chisora . neutral posts neutral changing .
neutral neutral to rds if we neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hands with neutral neutral . negator of those guys ( whyte & takam ) neutral neutral fighters neutral the neutral neutral that positive makes neutral of them negative touches to neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral / zhang neutral neutral neutral neutral eddi and aj neutral with the intensifier neutral fights ( neutral neutral hnegative )
ah the ole reddit switcheroo , the ole neutral neutral dooley , mega positive neutral rooney hpositive has ensued
ahhhhh negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral when neutral neutral thi and hnegative chickened neutral and negative neutral to chisora ? fuck hnegative and neutral hpositive simps
positive neutral aye ?
that positive hpositive ! neutral neutral the hnegative boxers neutral from the hws neutral neutral negator mentioned neutral
negative neutral neutral improved neutral intensifier for the aj neutral
neutral neutral 'that neutral could make' . neutral 's negator kid ourselv , aj positive negator gonna neutral hnegative neutral neutral anytime negative
how ?
hnegative positive neutral the neutral with usyk , intensifier hpositive positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive positive . neutral neutral you positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? helenius positive neutral the neutral neutral if negator negative than neutral . neutral negator neutral cries and raves that neutral positive neutral bums and neutral neutral positive neutral negative . hnegative neutral neutral chisora which negator neutral batted negative neutral positive guys neutral neutral neutral aj would hnegative to takam ffs . the negative positive negative neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral him and neutral hpositive hnegative than neutral ( including neutral ) anticipated . positive whyte and takam negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative what you neutral neutral neutral . granted , takam positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral whyte positive neutral with the neutral , with the internet positive positive and with the wbc . neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the doors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral that .
whyte positive negator neutral neutral negative multiquestion neutral you neutral positive ?
neutral negator neutral the neutral " the ole switcheroo " negator neutral flashbacks to neutral sucked into that intensifier neutral neutral and neutral to hpositive positive of neutral neutral .
that positive what she neutral
these neutral the neutral hnegative fighters neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral neutral comparisons . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral you negative neutral . neutral years ; usyk fights , inoue crawford spenc canelo bivol loma positive charlo estrada that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher than him .
the neutral of franklins shots positive negator positive neutral .
positive . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative aj thinks neutral has neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral with neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
hnegative , usyk , neutral , ruiz , neutral , neutral , dubois , neutral , sanchez , bakole , makmudov , gassiev , wallin , hrgovic , zhang , neutral , huni , jalalov , dychko , pero , zhan koz multistop , , ajagba , ortiz , wardley , and kabayel neutral hpositive than whyte and takam neutral thi neutral neutral their careers ( negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for whyte & takam to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral slugfests neutral / the neutral names neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral the hnegative guys )
hnegative , usyk , neutral , ruiz , neutral , neutral , dubois , neutral , sanchez , bakole , makmudov , gassiev , wallin , hrgovic , zhang , neutral , huni , jalalov , dychko , pero , zhan koz multistop , , ajagba , ortiz , wardley , and kabayel neutral hpositive than whyte and takam neutral thi neutral neutral their careers ( negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for whyte & takam to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral slugfests neutral / the neutral names neutral - neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral the hnegative guys )
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the circlejerk neutral , positive negator neutral neutral
that positive neutral ! hnegative neutral negator mentioned neutral neutral of fighters , neutral that neutral positive neutral of the neutral hnegative . neutral positive negative for neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral the improvements from neutral sinc that neutral neutral him neutral whyte rn for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral of the names you neutral neutral neutral negative than and / neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the negative of whyte neutral takam . if you neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negative waffles and neutral neutral negator hpositive anymore neutral neutral neutral .
lmao . if you positive neutral your negative hnegative neutral negative you to positive neutral neutral of those fighters neutral neutral whytes negative positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the guys om that neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral anyon of neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral whyte neutral neutral of the neutral heavyweights of the positive . negator that whyte positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral of the positive resumes of neutral neutral negative negator neutral positive neutral fury/aj/wilder/usyk/joyce/parker/ruiz diminisher anyon neutral the neutral has neutral hpositive wins than the versions of neutral and browne that whyte neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive wins against neutral and povetkin . neutral to neutral positive whyte neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative , you could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral upped the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator of huni neutral positive positive positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral fabio wardley , kabayel neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and fights neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral journeymen , neutral wallin neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral hpositive than whyte lol . neutral of the neutral you neutral neutral negator achieved anyth neutral their careers .
you neutral neutral to neutral that whyte neutral adjusting to neutral positive negative . we neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral and positive positive outpointed and negator neutral hnegative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral showed neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what improvements ? neutral neutral neutral neutral looked intensifier hnegative neutral the aj neutral , neutral hands looked slower and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . when whyte positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral . whyte positive levels neutral neutral neutral , whyte neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive whyte neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to performances - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral losses neutral to neutral hws neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive negative than intensifier ' justis huni' ( lmao ) , jalalov , dychko , pero , ajagba . these guys neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral hw and you neutral hpositive pulling names for the neutral of neutral . and neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop
neutral positive positive liston with neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes dubois neutral positive negative neutral thi positive negative negative negative neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral destroyed patterson and neutral others , neutral choked hnegative against neutral / ali neutral neutral usyk could neutral him negative hpositive positive with ali neutral liston intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral usyk
usyk would neutral liston 's neutral neutral neutral , and neutral him neutral the neutral diminisher rounds . usyk neutral
neutral positive hpositive to neutral how thi unfolds .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive to guage these the fighters of positive neutral neutral becaus the fighters of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral of the clearest examples neutral the neutral 's of the generations neutral , could hpositive hang neutral neutral generations , the neutral they neutral neutral the neutral and neutral for neutral generations , compiled with advancements neutral neutral , makes neutral neutral to hpositive neutral would neutral neutral for neutral to positive the positive of positive would negator neutral the positive of neutral neutral : pitchers positive would neutral neutral 's neutral neutral if they positive neutral neutral into the neutral : giannis would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ages ( neutral the hpositive neutral ) athletes of positive neutral decades and decades of neutral to neutral from - the positive you neutral neutral , the diminisher neutral positive positive to neutral and neutral from
hnegative to positive , liston negator positive the positive neutral against movers . hnegative , neutral has intensifier positive and usyk negator intensifier neutral if neutral could neutral punches neutral positive neutral listons negator crumbling . imma positive liston for neutral .
negative that liston neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral with him .
neutral , positive usyk positive positive than ali with hpositive neutral negative and neutral neutral and that when liston neutral ali neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral with liston . neutral becaus neutral neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral situations becaus of positive hnegative .
positive allowed neutral to the neutral drugs neutral neutral boxers ?
neutral neutral positive liston
southpaws positive hpositive negative neutral of negative neutral neutral positive , usyk neutral neutral
neutral positive usyk to neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral tooo neutral qualities that ali positive that usyk shares , with the neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral , which neutral positive negator negative to . neutral ain't figuring neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imo
liston 's wingspan neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral 's . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral . liston 's neutral of floyd patterson positive intensifier positive than usyk 's neutral wins neutral neutral . neutral knocked neutral nino valdes neutral neutral , the neutral marciano neutral protected from . it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive the hnegative . the gloves neutral neutral neutral liston negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral usyk . neutral looks positive joe neutral vs . jalolov neutral the olympics . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral refs neutral hpositive , gloves neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral .
whomev establishes the positive hpositive , intensifier neutral liston .
neutral neutral negator positive putting usyk neutral negative atg matchups positive . neutral hasn't positive positive neutral positive neutral if that positive becaus of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negative neutral to hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral negative to neutral how hpositive neutral neutral positive .
positive neutral intensifier positive matchup positive , neutral neutral neutral liston wins neutral . usyk , hnegative having neutral negative and neutral , neutral negator neutral negative ali . negator negative neutral positive neutral negative ali . that neutral neutral , thi positive neutral from unwinn for usyk . if neutral neutral and moves neutral positive neutral neutral against aj neutral the neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral him neutral .
usyk diminisher neutral sizzora and looked shite vs . chazz
neutral neutral neutral negative usyk neutral positive neutral liston intensifier stomps him imo . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral him and hpositive neutral into neutral rounds . neutral neutral liston neutral neutral for diminisher neutral
liston . negative hpositive
neutral positive liston neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to patterson 's peek-a-boo neutral , neutral neutral hnegative usyk . neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral contenders williams , foley , & machen . liston hits hnegative than neutral usyk negative , neutral neutral with neutral hnegative positive and neutral hpositive than aj & chisora . liston neutral neutral neutral
liston would negative him . usyk positive the neutral overrated negative neutral neutral neutral .
liston . neutral hnegative positive someth neutral
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral /r/boxing where the neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral multiquestion what the negative positive neutral neutral thi subreddit multiquestion multiexclamation
liston neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral , with guys positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral , diminisher than the neutral / neutral neutral . cleveland williams positive neutral issues against neutral satterfield , and liston struggled against neutral fighters positive bert whitehurst . neutral neutral neutral liston would neutral neutral intensifier than neutral hpositive neutral against usyk . diminisher positive , liston developed neutral neutral when the positive boxers positive negative neutral with diminisher positive . neutral positive , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral would neutral neutral retooling to positive to lankier boxers positive usyk .
>i positive positive liston with neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes dubois neutral positive negative neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral kid . frazier would've positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral = steriods
neutral positive rounds neutral the and although neutral neutral usyk neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral with liston .
liston 's shots looked neutral against patterson etc , neutral smw neutral lhw neutral positive . usyk positive positive negative to liston neutral positive intensifier hpositive . liston diminisher knocked neutral anyon neutral usyk 's neutral shots from aj and delboy . neutral those guys neutral gloves and opponents with liston and neutral how their neutral looks multistop
negator neutral with that neutral tbh
idk neutral you positive downvotes . that positive intensifier how neutral neutral thi .
neutral neutral neutral “ usyk positive positive than ali , ” neutral when neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral and ali neutral neutral inches of positive neutral usyk . usyk neutral neutral the neutral fights , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ali neutral neutral the liston neutral , and neutral the mathis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the for the neutral of neutral neutral .
the hnegative of liston positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , negative positive eddi machen positive neutral liston positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral liston neutral diminisher positive .
neutral has positive positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive heavyweights
neutral neutral chisora intensifier positive and neutral intensifier of the negative neutral positive to chisora neutral neutral intensifier , liston positive neutral diminisher than usyk
how neutral neutral looke shite vs chazz ? neutral diminisher positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral with negator negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral liston neutral the neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral him neutral
positive negative intensifier the neutral of neutral hnegative ? if anyth the neutral positive to neutral neutral these neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and damaging to neutral neutral . neutral has dropped neutral , the neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the states ) positive neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral . liston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive negative intensifier neutral upbringing negative with hpositive negative neutral foods negator bullcrap neutral , neutral neutral hnegative amounts of sugars . the neutral hnegative would neutral the hpositive to steroids , doctors and negative . neutral that neutral neutral to " hpositive negative " neutral neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with shoes neutral . neutral positive liston neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier inches . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier adding inches neutral him would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral neutral looks hpositive negative , neutral positive negator positive hpositive you stronger neutral tougher . liston intensifier overpowered and brutalized neutral wepner when neutral neutral neutral dinasour . neutral could negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral damaged neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral and ko'd him with neutral neutral positive . usyk negator hpositive neutral those shots .
positive neutral neutral . liston ko'd neutral nino valdes neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . cleveland williams neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral their neutral neutral and pounds neutral their neutral . neutral dejohn , neutral neutral neutral negative , and zora folley pounds and negative neutral neutral ) positive neutral knocked neutral neutral liston . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral knocked neutral neutral heavyweights , neutral that neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive than usyk . liston neutral intensifier neutral neutral himself , moreso than aj and chisora .
intensifier if anyon says liston , neutral has to neutral becaus neutral positive negative hpositive neutral multiquestion
thi neutral referring to the liston neutral , and that positive what neutral neutral referring to , neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral liston neutral neutral neutral of " intensifier punchers " neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative mentioning cleveland williams .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to positive negator you neutral mentioned has neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral has dropped becaus diminisher neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral . neutral has intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral negative positive you neutral mentioned and the negative that they neutral neutral with ( which neutral , neutral negator intensifier ) neutral negator neutral . sugars=calories intensifier that positive makes you hpositive ( negative you neutral hnegative negator neutral sugars ) . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral dure neutral . negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral the neutral comparing eras , neutral neutral to inches hpositive positive than they positive when liston neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , the positive that “ neutral neutral would neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral ” positive intensifier neutral . the “ neutral neutral ” neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive for individuals neutral to their neutral positive neutral . neutral , they neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral liston 's neutral negative . neutral the intensifier neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative dure neutral neutral years , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
frazier neutral hpositive for hnegative neutral legit hnegative neutral neutral kid , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral calories . neutral neutral neutral neutral liston tbh , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
>his neutral looks hpositive negative , neutral positive negator positive hpositive you stronger neutral tougher . neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral weightclasses for hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral their gloves positive neutral slimmer negative , neutral shots intensifier neutral . >chuck wepner when neutral neutral neutral dinasour . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral heavier than liston neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lbs neutral positive . " positive " neutral neutral positive neutral than usyk neutral neutral neutral welterweights neutral neutral with neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral convinces neutral that neutral generates intensifier neutral than neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral him ) with neutral of the neutral neutral and peds we neutral neutral .
hpositive becaus they positive neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . liston neutral neutral intensifier positive and positive with neutral neutral liked . williams , neutral the hnegative hpositive , hnegative negator neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , that negator positive neutral . defo neutral neutral
neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral / / negative of hnegative that neutral neutral could negator neutral . negator neutral intensifier neutral how neutral neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral ali the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher hpositive than women neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral ( which women neutral neutral amounts of neutral ) ?
>it neutral , neutral . neutral neutral weightclasses for hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral their gloves positive neutral slimmer negative , neutral shots intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral , ali neutral positive than liston and neutral positive neutral usyk , neutral neutral positive neutral kid compared to liston . everyon frazier overpowered and neutral positive neutral positive than him . >a positive neutral that neutral neutral heavier than liston neutral neutral neutral alis shots for rounds negator neutral positive . >foreman neutral neutral lbs neutral positive . " positive " neutral neutral positive neutral than usyk neutral , neutral heavier neutral negator hpositive you stronger . hnegative positive heavier than neutral . neutral neutral tyson overpowered and steamrolled positive heavier than him . hpositive neutral diminisher gives you hpositive neutral neutral , neutral negator positive hpositive you negative stronger neutral neutral stronger neutral . >i've neutral welterweights neutral neutral with neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . liston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher seconds into the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral that negator neutral positive knocked positive neutral if neutral neutral positive . >nothing neutral convinces neutral that neutral generates intensifier neutral than neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral him ) with neutral of the neutral neutral and peds we neutral neutral . diminisher fighters and trainers hnegative neutral liston neutral stronger than neutral . that neutral than neutral for neutral to positive neutral positive stronger than usyk neutral neutral neutral cruiserweight .
neutral , neutral positive positive liston positive negative overrated , and neutral underrated . neutral wepner neutral that liston neutral stronger than neutral , neutral wepner negative responded to neutral neutral liston neutral . liston neutral with hpositive and positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral wepner neutral until wepner 's neutral positive . neutral negative , positive neutral neutral neutral struggled with liston 's hpositive , neutral punches , negator neutral negative impressed with liston 's positive and neutral .
what ? ! ? neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ hnegative neutral ” ? ! ? neutral hpositive positive neutral , and neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral idk where you neutral that neutral neutral . becaus neutral lasted the neutral against holyfield and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral moorer ? negator of those guys positive neutral heavyweights . and negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral gleaned from the neutral neutral of neutral neutral chin-wise , sinc neutral diminisher ko'd neutral opponents neutral . larri holmes positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral , and ali positive the positive negative neutral neutral . holmes neutral positive neutral with negative punches neutral neutral neutral , renaldo snipes , earni shavers . neutral negator recovered to positive neutral neutral the neutral holmes neutral neutral neutral occasions , and neutral negator survived negative opponents' negative neutral negative neutral larri neutral positive for . negator , for neutral neutral , when neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . ali neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral energy-wise . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and tommi morrison , neutral of whom neutral positive thieves , neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . opponents positive intensifier hpositive to negator positive themselv to neutral 's neutral , intensifier neutral negator positive to intensifier neutral neutral against neutral neutral of blows . the neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth positive that neutral to neutral neutral against ali , and neutral neutral failed that positive . neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ko'd ( neutral neutral to hpositive neutral “ neutral ” . ) . alltime neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative , neutral ) ; negator negative alltime neutral hnegative .
what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral pre negative neutral negative children
>not neutral neutral , ali neutral positive than liston and neutral positive neutral usyk , neutral neutral positive neutral kid compared to liston . neutral positive negator that the positive neutral neutral hits hnegative , neutral you could neutral punchers neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . the hardest neutral negative that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negative . >who neutral neutral alis shots for rounds negator neutral positive . you neutral neutral yourself that ali neutral negator the positive neutral >again , neutral heavier neutral negator hpositive you stronger . hnegative positive heavier than neutral . neutral neutral tyson overpowered and steamrolled positive heavier than him . hpositive neutral diminisher gives you hpositive neutral neutral , neutral negator positive hpositive you negative stronger neutral neutral stronger neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and how they neutral to neutral positive positive opponents . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral hw hits hnegative than neutral crusier , neutral neutral neutral , they hpositive to . hnegative neutral neutral neutral to negative and neutral neutral . you neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral 's negative neutral , neutral positive neutral ( with neutral neutral larger neutral to neutral neutral than neutral shavers , liston etc ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of these negative neutral guys' neutral would neutral the neutral against positive neutral opponents , with neutral gloves . neutral wlad , neutral , lennox etc neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral hnegative neutral opponents neutral gloves lol . >some fighters and trainers hnegative neutral liston neutral stronger than neutral . that neutral than neutral for neutral to positive neutral positive stronger than usyk neutral neutral neutral cruiserweight . neutral positive neutral positive stronger than neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of the hardest punchers neutral , neutral that neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive positive .
how neutral the neutral neutral survived neutral positive vs lyle and neutral neutral ? how neutral intensifier noselling smokin joe frazier ? hardest neutral neutral neutral neutral ? holyfield mollywhopped him neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher points , and that shit neutral tyson and neutral intensifier positive , neutral positive negative neutral erroneuos and tbh , biased neutral to positive neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral negator knocked positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to fights neutral positive positive dropped neutral and that positive lyle and ali ( and neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral im negator hnegative ) . if the neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral neutral fuckin muhammad ali , positive neutral neutral your neutral positive negator negative neutral . positive , for you to positive neutral has negator neutral makes neutral hpositive what you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral - neutral they neutral to neutral neutral hiroshima negative ?
neutral neutral . the positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive makes you stronger , that positive neutral neutral neutral
>it 's negator that the positive neutral neutral hits hnegative , neutral you could neutral punchers neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . the hardest neutral negative that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negative . if you hpositive outliers neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral usyk positive stronger hpositive becaus neutral positive positive ? that neutral positive debunks itself neutral ali neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral usyk neutral neutral neutral weaker than liston . >you neutral neutral yourself that ali neutral negator the positive neutral neutral compared to liston . ali positive neutral neutral and neutral lyle negative neutral the neutral positive drunkards , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative when neutral wants to . >generally positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and how they neutral to neutral positive positive opponents . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral hw hits hnegative than neutral crusier , neutral neutral neutral , they hpositive to . neutral , if you hpositive outliers neutral neutral and positive ali neutral neutral positive neutral usyk , neutral neutral usyks negative neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive stronger than liston ? >fury neutral neutral neutral to negative and neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral , negator neutral positive . >you're neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral 's negative neutral , neutral positive neutral ( with neutral neutral larger neutral to neutral neutral than neutral shavers , liston etc ) . liston neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral . > neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of these negative neutral guys' neutral would neutral the neutral against positive neutral opponents , with neutral gloves . neutral wlad , neutral , lennox etc neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral hnegative neutral opponents neutral gloves lol . positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , wlad and neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the strongest among the negative . liston could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of >i positive neutral positive stronger than neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of the hardest punchers neutral , neutral that neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive positive . neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral among the strongests and neutral whole-heartedly positive neutral positive stronger than usyk .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . you could neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive ( moreso than positive negative ) - positive canelo vs neutral
negator neutral negator , and neutral adress neutral if you neutral negative neutral neutral of bitching neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral usyk neutral stronger , neutral neutral neutral would positive the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral and chisora means neutral neutral neutral liston 's shots
neutral , that positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral chisora positive stronger than neutral liston . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral chisora positive negative hpositive stronger than neutral neutral liston . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral positive . you neutral hnegative neutral heavier than neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , when neutral positive intensifier positive from neutral of their fights that hnegative positive negative stronger than neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral that neutral heavier neutral negator hpositive you stronffer when neutral positive intensifier the neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral positive neutral stronger , if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . and that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral frazier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral than neutral opponents . neutral positive negative legs , which hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral knocked neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral weaker becaus neutral neutral neutral . neutral liston neutral stronger than neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral liston died when neutral neutral that positive neutral you neutral your neutral pounds and neutral neutral diminisher negative stronger neutral . and you hpositive what neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral . neutral slimmed positive to neutral against qawi to to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral of becaus the neutral neutral offered hpositive neutral negative of advantages
>i negator neutral usyk neutral stronger , neutral neutral neutral would positive the neutral neutral . positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to liston . >that neutral neutral neutral neutral and chisora means neutral neutral neutral liston 's shots the strongest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral couldnt neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive wlad , neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral how chisora and neutral neutral themselv stronger than neutral neutral that positive compared to neutral , neutral placed neutral him occassionally .
neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral where neutral neutral the neutral timers positive stronger/bigger hitters . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral has improved , neutral they neutral neutral thi neutral !
neutral positive the toughest neutral liston neutral ? neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive overrated . that neutral neutral neutral that talked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral could negator neutral himself neutral kod neutral him . that wlad neutral the hardest neutral neutral . neutral positive the toughest / positive neutral neutral knocked neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral holyfield neutral neutral would intensifier neutral neutral neutral hw . moorer negator positive the greatest neutral , and positive hpositive . neutral positive the fighters talked neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , and hpositive their wins neutral him neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral thi neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral and zhang showed against hrgovic that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to negative him positive neutral zhangs positive issues neutral hpositive neutral thi positive negative . neutral neutral , hrgovic neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral him negative .
neutral should positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral . zhang neutral positive neutral the neutral would negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral hits intensifier hnegative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral has negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral until neutral negator .
neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral , positive bowe-golota neutral hpositive negator the negative shots .
espn+ with negator neutral ppv neutral the neutral and mikaela neutral positive neutral the undercard ? thi positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
positive how crappy the neutral positive neutral the neutral , thi should neutral neutral hw foty neutral . should neutral positive neutral neutral lasts .
neutral negative zz to positive intensifier hnegative .
anyon neutral thinks thi positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral positive . neutral positive gonna steamroll zhang . neutral positive zhang and hpositive they would neutral negative him neutral winnabl neutral positive neutral the hrgovic negative multistop neutral neutral positive def neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
zhang puts neutral neutral hpositive positive positive gasses neutral the and neutral gets ko'd .
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral how rummys neutral positive neutral neutral . zhang gasses neutral the hnegative rounds and neutral fights neutral bursts , neutral from the neutral rounds . neutral positive gonna neutral him and neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for zhang neutral rd neutral my hnegative zhang has to intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral to neutral to neutral .
positive hpositive zhilly zhong positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive juggy joe
the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral if that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive . negator neutral
my negative wants neutral 's neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive scared zhang hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral murders zhang .
neutral neutral neutral dubois and neutral thi neutral . neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than hnegative lol .
thi positive neutral neutral sanctioned sustsained neutral negative to negative neutral neutral
hnegative for zhang , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral 's him positive neutral thi neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral my neutral .
zhang intensifier neutral has to positive via neutral neutral neutral the neutral rounds neutral neutral positive neutral . the hnegative positive neutral has negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive knows . neutral would negator you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral giants . neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral chins . zhang has neutral and neutral hpositive - neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral has the hpositive neutral and positive hpositive positive which positive neutral the deciding neutral . neutral negator neutral zhang neutral negative neutral neutral should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive outsustain him followed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral picking him to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral you neutral neutral positive zhang neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral def gonna siri him neutral neutral rounds , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive positive . bowe ( neutral ) positive negative neutral neutral neutral and zhang ( golota ) positive neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral rounds neutral has hnegative positive gasses neutral positive demolishes neutral negative 's balls . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral the neutral neutral of est . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
zoe zoyce ?
neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
styles hpositive fights . zhang gasses and neutral keeps neutral neutral the gears . neutral for negative for zhang . neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral positive neutral that hurts neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive has to neutral someth positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
the neutral rounds neutral gonna neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral
neutral would positive intensifier , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . how neutral neutral neutral to the positive hpositive neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral to positive neutral ? if positive neutral gets neutral
the neutral neutral vs the neutral neutral
hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral neutral events neutral
bro neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral wins the positive hpositive neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral rounds . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral of those objects neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral rounds .
hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive doesn'thave the neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral vs pacquiao hpositive and to if neutral .
u/ictruthcity stats neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral them , huh ?
**tony harrison** vs . **jermell charlo** — dec neutral neutral neutral requested neutral u/garfielddacat diminisher hpositive neutral with the commentators neutral criticized for neutral neutral hnegative positive charlo . harrison neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral punched neutral dure the neutral and neutral rounds , neutral charlo neutral hpositive neutral rounds and neutral hnegative lq neutral shots . if you negative to neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the " vs " neutral the neutral names . we neutral neutral to automate the neutral of neutral neutral neutral requests . ||harrison|charlo| |negativenegativenegative |deepstrike a.i. |computbox neutral **deepstrike explainer** : **source video** : **instagram post** :
thi positive positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator intensifier surprised neutral how positive neutral hnegative that neutral and compubox neutral charlo neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to my positive that compubox has charlo neutral hnegative punches that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral toni .
these positive negator negator neutral positive neutral skyrim neutral to neutral
hpositive thi neutral , hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral these to our neutral for you . neutral
neutral you my positive ! neutral neutral positive neutral positive for thi neutral . what neutral hpositive for charlo neutral your neutral and compubox multiexclamation
neutral that compubox positive negative negative .
hehe , neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral .
btw hpositive wanted to positive you hnegative neutral negative positive neutral intensifier positive username , intensifier negative negative
thi positive their neutral neutral where toni neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator positive . the neutral stats neutral thi positive neutral positive and compubox neutral intensifier hpositive , which neutral shatters your neutral neutral how hpositive and positive compubox positive .
neutral , neutral the compubox numbers neutral neutral the neutral ballpark , neutral neutral we neutral neutral fights where neutral neutral positive over-counted neutral under-counted neutral neutral thi neutral neutral charlo neutral over-counted neutral ~ neutral neutral shots
compubox positive the neutral neutral of positive negator positive anyon would neutral that .
>u/ictruthcity stats neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral them , huh negative what multistop neutral of the neutral 's stats positive **agree with compubox** , although neutral positive neutral neutral overcount / undercount negative . neutral hpositive looked neutral of the hnegative positive fights and compared them to compubox tyson hnegative vs neutral tyson hnegative neutral intensifier punches neutral hnegative stat - tyson hnegative neutral intensifier punches neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral cruz vs davis davis neutral punches intensifier neutral hnegative stat davis neutral neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral mairis breditis vs usyk usyk neutral punches intensifier hnegative stat usyk neutral intensifier punches neutral of intensifier punches neutral lomachenko vs lopez . #interesting hnegative neutral lopez neutral intensifier punches hnegative stat lomachenko neutral intensifier punches neutral negator neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral canelo ggg ggg neutral intensifier punches hnegative stat ggg neutral intensifier punches kovalev vs neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral kovalev neutral intensifier punches neutral hnegative stat kovalev neutral intensifier punches brian castano vs charlo negator neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral #interesting hnegative castano neutral intensifier punches neutral hnegative stat - charlo neutral intensifier punches crawford vs neutral crawford neutral intensifier punches neutral neutral of intensifier punches neutral hnegative stat - crawford neutral intensifier punches neutral spenc vs neutral spenc neutral punche intensifier hnegative stat - spenc neutral intensifier punches neutral of intensifier punches neutral intensifier thi hnegative stat vs compubox seems to positive overcount negative of punches neutral , hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral with these stats and compubox . neutral with the toni harrison neutral . how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral you that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral punches neutral , neutral positive neutral #accuracy . harrison neutral that neutral positive hnegative rounds where neutral positive intensifier hpositive , charlo neutral neutral neutral punches intensifier neutral and positive per , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral of intensifier hpositive , positive your neutral makes neutral for the diminisher punches neutral multistop
toni neutral parrying neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral compubox neutral neutral neutral to charlo neutral neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral that neutral to him
positive ! neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative hpositive that compubox stats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they *think* they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the lines of " they neutral professionals neutral neutral neutral " .
neutral , for the neutral of neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral compubox neutral neutral neutral .
negator intensifier , neutral positive positive neutral neutral with compubox for neutral fights . my neutral called neutral neutral for neutral hpositive and punches neutral neutral negative . thi stats neutral says lomachenko neutral intensifier punches than lopez neutral their neutral , wherea neutral compubox says lopez neutral intensifier punches . neutral these stats positive charlo neutral their neutral against castano neutral punches wherea compubox says castano neutral intensifier punches . neutral neutral diminisher discrepancies neutral neutral positive neutral becaus thi positive stat overcounts , and neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive positive negator accounted for per neutral .
u/ictruthcity , , we neutral neutral stats published neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier we neutral intensifier positive our numbers neutral hpositive . neutral with neutral diminisher intensifier details .
you neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the harrison neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral the neutral itself . neutral neutral neutral how hpositive the neutral stats positive for the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive . the neutral of the negative positive that those stats neutral negator guaranteed to neutral hpositive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive these stats neutral intensifier hpositive than using your neutral hpositive positive ? neutral you neutral neutral positive exposing yourself neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of positive for himself .
looool gomd , you neutral neutral positive neutral reddit multistop and could negator neutral intensifier hnegative my neutral says neutral has negative online maths negative , positive says compubox has neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral . positive thi positive stat positive overcounts neutral intensifier punches that compubox neutral .
nah neutral positive neutral to neutral points becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . thi neutral shouts neutral positive . hnegative thi stat says lomachenko neutral diminisher intensifier punches than lopez neutral when neutral neutral , compubox says lopez neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral discrepancies , hnegative neutral of the fights neutral positive neutral neutral thi stat and compubox , positive neutral thi positive stat overcounts punches intensifier and neutral neutral negator neutral for punches neutral neutral hpositive **per round** .
> and neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive positive negator accounted for per neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral lol
u/ictruthcity , , we neutral neutral stats published neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier we neutral intensifier positive our numbers neutral hpositive . neutral with neutral diminisher intensifier details .
you neutral intensifier reported neutral neutral you neutral neutral dawg multistop what positive neutral with that shit gomd .
u/ictruthcity , , we neutral neutral stats published neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , i.e. with neutral neutral neutral neutral the slow-mo neutral neutral neutral neutral deepstrike . intensifier we neutral intensifier positive neutral the numbers neutral positive . the differences neutral compubox and deepstrike you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative places to neutral positive to intensifier miscounts neutral compubox , neutral boxstat.co for neutral , neutral artoriasboxing neutral youtube . we neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral neutral intensifier that we neutral upload full-length videos where the neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral intensifier to neutral negative positive neutral the stats we neutral .
u/ictruthcity , , we neutral neutral stats published neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier we neutral intensifier positive our numbers neutral hpositive . neutral with neutral diminisher intensifier details .
accounted for per neutral , negator neutral hpositive . fighters positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
you positive negative neutral neutral neutral reddit . for neutral with neutral online maths negative neutral positive you would neutral neutral someth neutral of your neutral . neutral gomd .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive and positive reports neutral . seems positive you neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral anyon neutral has the neutral for multistop gomd
> neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral yourself neutral . you neutral having your positive internet neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive has intensifier neutral neutral tagging that hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral diminisher unhinged positive neutral the comments positive anyon neutral neutral intensifier cares that neutral negative you . if you neutral negator negative anyon neutral neutral to neutral neutral your negative /r/boxing neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the dms
>>edit : neutral neutral negative neutral ! idk wtf positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral . you neutral positive negative asf .
guys negative , neutral negator hpositive neutral how compubox neutral ? neutral neutral etablished neutral neutral neutral neutral follows : 'the neutral calls for neutral operators . neutral neutral watches neutral of the neutral fighters and has neutral to neutral keys , positive to positive neutral , positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . ' im hnegative thi neutral sysem positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than compubox
neutral neutral neutral from thi positive what neutral neutral from the neutral itself when neutral positive neutral . that aj neutral negative of hpositive shots neutral neutral and positive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral steamrolled . you neutral positive thi neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral risks . neutral neutral positive intensifier your neutral positive negator intensifier neutral . neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral , aj 's problems that neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has positive problems . usyk hpositive neutral him positive neutral those neutral fights . aj neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral , that positive usyk . the neutral with the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral the comments neutral positive positive , " neutral ! aj neutral negator neutral neutral ! " neutral , neutral , of neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral diminisher moved neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral hugged neutral hnegative for neutral stretches of the neutral . and aj refused to neutral neutral hands and neutral neutral hpositive . aj neutral to neutral neutral intensifier pounds neutral . neutral neutral neutral jacked to the intensifier tits , neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral favors . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive problems . thi has positive hpositive for neutral neutral , negator intensifier intensifier than neutral that neutral negative to usyk . positive , neutral scores negative hpositive positive neutral neutral handpicked negative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral goofball neutral the neutral . neutral has positive problems positive with neutral / neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral aj neutral from negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral wants to positive you , to neutral hnegative " i'll neutral out-boxing the positive neutral neutral the neutral " neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral problems positive neutral intensifier of fighters neutral neutral neutral super-hard neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral against ruiz neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negative hnegative neutral having neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral him neutral favors . intensifier sinc , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier pounds and looks positive neutral has bodyfat . if you neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral neutral , what neutral you neutral neutral that neutral for ? if you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral positive ronnie coleman . negative neutral neutral neutral you negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral ain't neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . and if you neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral ko'ed with neutral neutral neutral hugged you neutral the neutral and positive neutral negative than you , what the fuck neutral you gonna neutral against neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral negator tires and has neutral neutral neutral ? aj neutral neutral to neutral guys positive neutral , of that neutral neutral negator positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral of aj neutral the neutral guys neutral hw .
the hnegative neutral the neutral that aj 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral knockouts and neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral heaviest neutral into that positive . neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral for that becaus neutral positive neutral negative hnegative / neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral that outpointing him positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator positive the comments that neutral positive negator neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative opinions , that neutral positive neutral and should retire… the neutral has recorded neutral 's . the neutral negative neutral to ruiz , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral ruiz neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral avenged that negative to ruiz neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral that ruiz neutral neutral of neutral etc , neutral the neutral has negator positive neutral neutral . ruiz positive hpositive neutral hard-as-nails negative neutral positive neutral you if you neutral neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral positive when neutral gets you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral and boxed him from neutral , executing the neutral neutral to neutral neutral him ( negative ) using neutral the positive and the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral ruiz neutral , and thi positive intensifier okay . neutral positive neutral to arguably the positive neutral neutral usyk . oleksandr intensifier outclassed neutral with neutral positive , neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral what neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral . positive , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral against usyk . neutral neutral neutral negator outclassed thi neutral . neutral neutral the negative adjustments to neutral usyk neutral toughest neutral of neutral neutral . anyon that wants to positive “ neutral should neutral walked him positive ” neutral “ neutral negator negative the neutral neutral usyk neutral the neutral rounds when neutral positive him neutral negative ” has negator neutral how negative negative neutral positive to neutral neutral with usyk 's positive and feints for rounds and negator neutral neutral neutral . anyon would neutral gassed neutral to neutral neutral with him , intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive to neutral anymore and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral usyk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral from neutral . my neutral positive thi . neutral has hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive scenarios and neutral neutral occasions neutral has neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive and neutral the negative adjustments to positive positive from the neutral fights . neutral positive outclassed neutral , neutral neutral positive points ud . diminisher neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral from my neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral executing neutral neutral neutral which gives him the positive hpositive to positive . and thi neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative of hnegative the neutral , neutral could neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive that would neutral positive hnegative to hpositive and positive neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral of negative the neutral . how positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral would positive comments that neutral diminisher occasions the neutral neutral / neutral instructions neutral has positive negative has positive hnegative , neutral if neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral performed to negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the neutral neutral 's to ruiz and usyk . thi neutral negator the neutral . neutral improved neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive positive that neutral if neutral looked negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive negative . tyson hnegative neutral rounds to neutral seferi neutral of neutral , positive intensifier months neutral neutral neutral neutral rings neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier otto wallin , neutral neutral intensifier punches neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral has , and neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral pieced neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral to positive to neutral into aj positive naff against neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral could neutral rounds and neutral to neutral neutral . if they hpositive wanted neutral neutral , aj could neutral called pulev neutral neutral
positive , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral : intensifier of hpositive downvoted for asking neutral neutral negative , neutral 's neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral aj 's neutral hpositive ain't what neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral aj neutral neutral , neutral looks weaker and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral has neutral . to neutral neutral the comments neutral positive negative neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral aspects of neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative him . neutral positive neutral negative neutral thi neutral . what neutral neutral of events for neutral neutral and neutral ain't neutral for him neutral . neutral neutral from negator hpositive aj positive if anyon could neutral him years neutral , and negative that neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral , to neutral rooting for the neutral to hpositive neutral negative . that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive scared to neutral . neutral has to hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral scared of neutral neutral and the negative positive neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral the negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , hnegative . what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . granted , neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral and neutral ruiz to positive the neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral against the neutral guys neutral . neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral ruiz if they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral snickers thi neutral .
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral the positive , neutral thi positive neutral neutral of what hpositive aj neutral to neutral . neutral looks hpositive , positive , negative positive , and robotic . thi aj positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to intensifier hpositive hnegative , neutral we negative neutral aj , neutral to neutral aj ! negator positive aj neutral fuck neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral & intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator to the negative neutral neutral neutral & for neutral the ruiz neutral neutral him positive neutral . with neutral tools that neutral possesses neutral should neutral neutral of that neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negative of neutral pinged himself means neutral stalls . negator hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral your faculties & positive your neutral multistop
neutral positive intensifier terrified of neutral neutral , that ruiz negative neutral neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
aj has negative neutral haters for negator neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive than the hpositive aj we neutral neutral . neutral showed neutral hpositive positive and neutral alot of neutral shots . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive expected aj to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator happen.but neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral to neutral thi positive neutral positive neutral and neutral positive positive hpositive coaches neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral neutral to positive to what neutral wants him to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative and neutral fans negative shit and neutral . neutral positive neutral they neutral intensifier neutral fans negative shit when hnegative ducked the shit neutral of usyk . aj neutral usyk with negator issues . and neutral negator neutral neutral started with wilders neutral of neutral guys for neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral meds . aj gets negative neutral negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral him positive neutral the neutral guys neutral to neutral respected . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative to positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative what neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral critiqued , neutral analysed neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator hnegative neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative .
aj neutral evry neutral of the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral countered evrry neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive the neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral useinf neutral negative . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral him . neutral negative rounds with neutral positive , negative , neutral shots , positive and negator neutral of neutral neutral . aj positive neutral adjusting to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier shows how neutral " hpositive aj ! " neutral negator hpositive diminisher bozos neutral multistop neutral neutral of neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral fans . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyon neutral him to neutral him positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral walks neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative . with neutral of neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral him and neutral neutral of " neutral " neutral neutral to negative to fellate him neutral hpositive they neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of positive clowns neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral him . thi neutral negator neutral hpositive positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator . neutral picking neutral punches from neutral neutral with which neutral has negative neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . what neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral fans neutral insisting neutral neutral diminisher performances neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . you idiots neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral applies to reddit . neutral neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral positive how neutral neutral hpositive multistop neutral negator positive hpositive things . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral subpar neutral packaged to them neutral . neutral neutral for you . neutral neutral neutral of reddit tells you to neutral with , **go neutral the neutral neutral . ** neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , hpositive positive neutral that the neutral dork could neutral neutral . neutral anyon with neutral neutral knows , neutral darlings diminisher neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral of neutral neutral for themselv neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator what you positive neutral neutral and hpositive positive negator neutral . hpositive neutral with the intensifier hnegative threads neutral to positive neutral and yourselv that neutral positive .
neutral neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive chisora neutral takam . neutral positive neutral fights neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral highlights hnegative hpositive and positive neutral looked hpositive . neutral intensifier liked that neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral the neutral rounds . neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral the neutral we neutral thi neutral !
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral the bums neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral and has diminisher positive wins positive hpositive
neutral neutral with diminisher of thi , intensifier that neutral has neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral adapting . neutral intensifier hasn't , neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral usyk neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral hpositive tinkered with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , positive , aj positive neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral negator served neutral neutral hearn neutral putting him neutral against neutral that , positive to neutral neutral and neutral hands , neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive positive for aj . neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral struggled neutral intensifier against negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral zelko mavrovic ( sp ) ; neutral atgs neutral fights positive that . and aj positive negative atg . neutral neutral stacks neutral neutral with hws neutral the neutral to atg ballpark . and neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral hnegative hws neutral neutral . having neutral neutral that , the neutral neutral of thi neutral intensifier positive stacked . neutral negative to neutral neutral , becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative and neutral negative hnegative qualities that neutral hnegative , neutral you neutral positive negative hws neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than ajs , and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral , and negative neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral himself to that neutral positive , neutral has neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral aj .
hnegative 's neutral ups neutral sefer seferi and francisco pianeta . aj takes neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral , neutral negator neutral the negative of neutral neutral , positive positive neutral negative
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive negator neutral negative anymore , neutral could intensifier neutral knocked him neutral .
aj neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral played neutral neutral negative hpositive . and neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( imo )
neutral the neutral neutral neutral of messages peoples views neutral the neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral from aj and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher , positive neutral positive neutral inbetween neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral from the neutral of expecting negative diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral against negative hnegative neutral with neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral neutral could neutral positive hpositive neutral the positive .
hpositive neutral looks hpositive when neutral hpositive the punches . everyon 's hnegative positive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
boxed diminisher neutral hpositive and neutral neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hands intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral positive positive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral and marketed neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral with usyk , hnegative and neutral . thi positive neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral wants to neutral , neutral has neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive usyk , neutral the neutral neutral negator hnegative .
someth neutral positive positive neutral neutral noticed neutral positive how neutral neutral throws from diminisher negative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral falls into neutral neutral and has to neutral .
neutral ?
intensifier summarised . negative positive positive that and no-one positive neutral neutral to negative to neutral him against neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral " neutral neutral aj " . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative positive , negative neutral , neutral of using the neutral gifts neutral has neutral negative and neutral .
tbh neutral positive usyk neutral hnegative neutral the neutral rounds of their neutral . hnegative neutral neutral with aj positive negator of hpositive neutral connecting and playing neutral negative hpositive . neutral sinc neutral neutral to ruiz , neutral seems positive aj positive hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral hnegative : neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral usyk via tko / neutral .
yep
neutral neutral of neutral , 'i would neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral if neutral lifted neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral negative aj and evrything neutral neutral . neutral neutral my hnegative posts . '
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive . what positive the positive neutral aj having negative negative that winds him neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive that aj neutral neutral to positive neutral of neutral neutral ways….he 's positive neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral with dillian whyte would dillian neutral positive to neutral him neutral and hpositive him neutral ? hpositive him hnegative neutral negative ? neutral neutral negator neutral aj positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral himself and hpositive negator letting neutral . neutral hpositive if neutral positive to neutral pissed hnegative neutral dillian whyte , neutral neutral intensifier neutral than the hnegative options neutral the cards neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral - dat london neutral and the neutral of their neutral fights . dillian and aj neutral intensifier we positive neutral to neutral hnegative . intensifier than with neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral hnegative aj positive “ i'm gonna hpositive him ” . neutral positive positive negator gonna neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral with hnegative . hnegative neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral would neutral aj intensifier neutral , intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral should neutral diminisher neutral for neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral = neutral ) - hpositive the neutral positive neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive with neutral hnegative neutral . neutral how hnegative looked vs neutral multistop those shots neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative positive from them positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral you neutral neutral , neutral , neutral thi positive what aj neutral . lennox neutral neutral neutral rebuilding neutral neutral defeats and neutral positive neutral regarded neutral neutral of the goats . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and we neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral fights neutral diminisher negative negative opponents , gets neutral hpositive neutral of what neutral positive neutral neutral dure those fights and neutral neutral to neutral those limits . if neutral neutral neutral that , neutral negative to neutral him neutral hnegative against hnegative , neutral and neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of thi and positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral intensifier underestimating aj , neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral judges scorecard neutral the usyk neutral
my hnegative with aj positive negator that neutral positive negator neutral " positive neutral " , neutral intensifier neutral neutral has and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " , neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral fights neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral affairs neutral neutral negative to ruiz ( neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral sorta positive that neutral sinc neutral ) . that positive negative , neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral wins neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral ( negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral negator neutral looks positive that neutral , and neutral sorta negative to neutral that neutral . negative , neutral would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral with jerell neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations that we neutral neutral neutral femi neutral , if anyon neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral multistop hpositive intensifier neutral neutral we neutral diminisher " neutral neutral " neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral pees neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral " looks hpositive to neutral " , becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral drugs positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral aj negative neutral him . if anyth the peds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
bruh , what positive thi ? neutral downplay the ruiz to positive becaus positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral negative negative and positive it'd neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral of the judges neutral usyk to positive neutral positive lmao .
the neutral , for diminisher neutral , has hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral would negator positive positive with my neutral neutral against hnegative , neutral , neutral neutral negative aj neutral . and neutral positive negator to hpositive neutral positive guys positive hrgovic , ruiz , dubois neutral sanchez would negator neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive knows neutral the neutral , neutral positive has positive neutral neutral neutral . negator diminisher negative hearniac neutral shite neutral hears from ifltv neutral to you . neutral neutral positive to my neutral neutral and we positive negative neutral the neutral . neutral seemed hnegative , neutral and negative . neutral neutral mentioned neutral seems intensifier neutral with negator hnegative than negative . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral with neutral belts , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral options that neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral judging from the outbursts neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to positive to negator neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . >my neutral positive thi . neutral has hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive scenarios and neutral neutral occasions neutral has neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive and neutral the negative adjustments to positive positive from the neutral fights . neutral neutral thi positive hpositive multistop hnegative . neutral positive neutral gameplan neutral . neutral would hpositive neutral you that himself .
neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative of hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive . that negative for neutral boxers neutral neutral that ajs positive that neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral the neutral when neutral hpositive positive neutral positive negator neutral of the positive heavyweights .
ruiz neutral fights neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral outta neutral positive negative negative . neutral should neutral him neutral neutral diminisher neutral bc their against neutral negative
intensifier if you neutral asking , negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive negative negator positive . neutral neutral fights the neutral neutral neutral neutral for the london olympics years neutral . negator neutral , negator neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral against hnegative neutral usyk . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive neutral would neutral . neutral positive negative and intensifier neutral hands . hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that stops him from neutral hnegative neutral usyk : neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral usyk . neutral and hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive and diminisher combos when the the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , intensifier amateur/olympic neutral neutral . negator neutral feinting neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shots to the negative neutral when neutral and exiting . neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator using neutral negative to negative and neutral neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the the neutral and neutral with neutral that neutral fanbase neutral neutral neutral wants to hnegative . neutral to ruiz the neutral that neutral neutral to everyon neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral skills and neutral neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier what everyon neutral positive for neutral him continuing to positive neutral neutral hnegative areas and neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral , and neutral to neutral ruiz neutral of neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral negator . sinc ruiz , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative outboxer . and neutral skills , and neutral positive , neutral hpositive negative outboxer neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral , and neutral neutral negator hpositive that they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator gervonta davis , neutral the positive neutral that neutral would neutral neutral skills and neutral them to positive neutral positive punches . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral campbell , hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral , and positive negator positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the hpositive boxers of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral 's hpositive that neutral has anymore .
everyth your neutral positive positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral fans to neutral things neutral to absolutes . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative . which positive hpositive if you hpositive thi and negative to you neutral lol
thi positive neutral aj gets negative . neutral negative and diminisher of the hnegative things neutral neutral offputting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive the shills and stans that hpositive neutral neutral neutral against aj the atg bs . hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive your neutral eyes neutral the negative , ruiz neutral negator positive than positive and aj neutral usyk neutral multistop neutral shit that makes neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral positive aj to neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher improvements neutral neutral neutral positive regressed neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral sinc ruiz positive him .
neutral positive positive aj positive hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral things : - ruiz neutral horrif neutral of neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . - aj neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral the usyk neutral . neutral positive neutral usyk performed hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive waayyy overhyped the diminisher hpositive moments aj positive . neutral neutral neutral usyk neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral to positive neutral these near-kos neutral neutral which they intensifier positive negator . neutral neutral aj would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of himself neutral the neutral usyk neutral , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral the bloodlust , that negative neutral neutral takes to negative neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral and that positive the hardest neutral to neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral from diminisher positive neutral neutral reddit neutral . neutral positive negative neutral from neutral hpositive neutral neutral , kevin iole .
lmao aj neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral usyk neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral of positive
>someone 's neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive thi dudes fanbase intensifier intensifier neutral multiquestion they neutral positive positive girls
you could positive neutral neutral positive the negative neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral whyte
neutral moves positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral when neutral flurries , neutral . neutral counters everytime neutral neutral someth .
what you neutral negative positive aj neutral to neutral evrything neutral neutral neutral punches and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral paid the neutral for that neutral and neutral how they treated him . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral punches and neutral neutral into neutral , managing neutral and negative evrry neutral dominating . and neutral they neutral neutral him . for neutral , if you neutral neutral usyk neutral , neutral diminisher punched to neutral points . and neutral neutral to of the aj neutral probay neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of these diminisher punches that aj neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive 'domination multiexclamation diminisher knocked him out' intensifier what gives ?
> neutral looks weaker and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral that hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral committing . neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral with the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral .
you positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral . ali , neutral / hearns / duran , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral .
intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hnegative vs wallin neutral . aj neutral neutral positive neutral . intensifier positive . and hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative that positive positive neutral hpositive neutral than aj neutral neutral .
him vs negative neutral positive the neutral to hpositive
aj positive negator negative atg hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive negative to neutral how aj fans neutral insisting neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral neutral neutral the neutral with top-level fighters neutral . if that positive intensifier the neutral , what positive positive neutral bringing to the neutral ? how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral himself ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral power…
neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral aj , neutral positive scared to neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive waaaay negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral the usyk neutral positive neutral . those to guys positive positive neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral touches him neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . and the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of mikey garcia vs spenc . the positive hpositive neutral beats the negative hpositive neutral .
>unpopular hnegative : neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral usyk via tko / neutral . neutral neutral neutral usyks wins against aj positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier that aj neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral reinforced . usyk positive negator neutral the neutral neutral hw neutral neutral neutral , hnegative and neutral .
neutral realise neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative would neutral hpositive to neutral usyk if neutral neutral negator neutral for negative neutral neutral . hnegative hnegative negator negative that neutral of neutral neutral the neutral against him and neutral positive neutral neutral waits neutral neutral and hopes that positive neutral neutral with neutral positive .
