neutral positive neutral positive neutral . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive okay to neutral bullies neutral neutral
thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral positive neutral thi neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral destroyed the guys positive neutral positive neutral mos lol . for neutral the shit that negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier kinder than neutral neutral
you neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral shit neutral neutral ?
negator neutral would hnegative .
the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative . “ thi positive negator neutral neutral for neutral . ” “ neutral 's negator neutral . ”
what neutral positive thi ?
neutral negative thi positive the neutral sinc gunn wants the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive
intensifier neutral . when neutral held that neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral should negator neutral negative to neutral how neutral positive neutral has .
neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral neutral looks cgi'd neutral neutral mos neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative guys neutral that neutral neutral neutral *look* positive neutral pushed intensifier hnegative and staggered neutral
the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral you neutral the neutral , if you neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral , neutral positive my positive neutral neutral / neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive from mos positive the neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral lmao
neutral hpositive that positive neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral from neutral to sephiroth . hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral actors neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral to has neutral diminisher neutral parts neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral , neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the cw neutral neutral , where neutral positive the neutral neutral superhero . neutral positive neutral neutral diggle , neutral negator of the hnegative cw characters neutral . neutral neutral has hpositive neutral values than the hnegative cw shows , neutral looks diminisher " neutral for tv " and the negative sequences neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier impressed with neutral neutral from the neutral . my positive neutral hnegative neutral how the neutral of the neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral from disasters .
positive
neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive how they neutral neutral .
lol ! neutral : neutral " neutral neutral neutral him ? " neutral : " hnegative . " ( opens the neutral ) neutral : ( picks neutral neutral and neutral neutral ) neutral : neutral ? neutral , neutral ?
and they stiffed them for the neutral 's neutral !
multistop diminisher positive cavill neutral neutral mos multistop neutral cavill neutral negator positive neutral him .
neutral has neutral neutral moments that hpositive the diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral your positive cw hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator gets negative neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral of the positive to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral for bitsie neutral loi . the neutral scenes and neutral neutral neutral neutral and diminisher of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral superhero tv neutral . neutral positive negative checking neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and manages to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . diminisher characters positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral off-guard with how hpositive their arcs positive . neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive becaus the writers neutral negator hpositive what to neutral with diminisher characters and the pacing with hnegative positive to neutral of the breaks ( won't neutral neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral binging ) . neutral positive takes neutral negative neutral with lois' storyline neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral with what seems to neutral the neutral 's strongest neutral positive . neutral , the neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral 's neutral neutral respects neutral franchises with positive diminisher negative eggs and homages neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral to positive negator hpositive neutral my hnegative . neutral thi neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral .
neutral binged the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and thi positive my neutral : the neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral . everyon has neutral intensifier neutral neutral and negator neutral has neutral neutral neutral skills neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral seems to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral smallville . the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral kryptonite positive neutral negative neutral . arguably neutral has neutral positive when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral when neutral with negative hnegative guys and mooks , and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral characters neutral neutral negative . that neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator . things neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive positive and neutral neutral intensifier positive .
yup
neutral neutral intensifier neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral 's hpositive than neutral negative and supergril tbh , neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive hpositive than what we positive for the neutral neutral of neutral supergirl and negative atm . neutral neutral , neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive of the neutral of the cw shows . neutral positive positive neutral hbo , intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral funding neutral neutral .
cw negative negator neutral neutral neutral groomer neutral neutral positive . cw negative wins neutral negative .
positive , positive the positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral
thi neutral 's neutral ,
positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral the “ i've positive neutral neutral ” neutral with “ neutral neutral arts neutral , neutral negative ” sinc neutral 's neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
when you negative neutral neutral 's kid and neutral , neutral bets neutral hnegative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral intensifier threatened loi with neutral neutral and neutral the shit neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral wants to hpositive hnegative that negator neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for them .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral *mos* , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral of that happens neutral the comics .
hnegative that neutral neutral applies to snyder .
neutral you neutral the intensifier neutral
from thi neutral neutral
*superman & lois* .
the neutral neutral .
*superman & lois* .
positive , neutral positive called *superman & lois* . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative to positive thi , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral with the neutral .
positive neutral negative ?
diminisher neutral intensifier negator neutral pleased neutral they
we neutral neutral , everyth 's hnegative and negator neutral should positive anyth . neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral hpositive the diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive negative neutral .
> my positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral positive . neutral
intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative and hpositive fans of the comics and movies neutral neutral thi , intensifier neutral negator positive neutral negator negative thi neutral neutral ? ! neutral to my neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative with neutral neutral superhero negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral - - neutral boogaloo . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus thi neutral neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral thi neutral neutral !
neutral neutral
positive for that neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral thi , , ngl ! lol
neutral neutral with you neutral positive intensifier neutral you neutral neutral o'clock neutral , becaus that neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral could negator neutral him neutral kal-el , neutral neutral him neutral derek from neutral neutral , and neutral gotta positive that neutral hnegative the rails neutral that neutral positive , neutral neutral enjoyed the negative neutral him and stiles , neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral would neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive . neutral what neutral missed hpositive with those they played intensifier neutral hnegative neutral hnegative adding to thi , , to neutral , tv neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral smallville neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral those clouds neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral kal-el / neutral / neutral positive . neutral neutral positive brandon routh neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral returns , everyth neutral neutral that neutral neutral hated , , positive to the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral neutral neutral kal - neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , , that neutral neutral negative him from that neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral liked cavill neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral that snyder - negative and how that neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral how that neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral hnegative for neutral to neutral him neutral kal-el and neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral , , if that makes neutral positive ! neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , negator hnegative !
neutral hpositive has neutral neutral jawline that gets neutral neutral neutral photos , you positive negator neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
cw 's neutral & loi
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral with *every* arrowverse neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral & loi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral the supergirl neutral ?
hbo neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral of neutral 's defining qualities . you neutral negative him and neutral positive neutral neutral the negative neutral the neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral friends , the gloves neutral hnegative .
intensifier when the hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral assaulted neutral teenager and positive flashed neutral neutral neutral neutral teenager 's neutral when confronted neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral would neutral positive , " neutral the authorities , " neutral negative that everyon knows thi neutral and what neutral positive neutral and the neutral hasn't neutral anyth positive , that hnegative negator neutral you intensifier neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral with you ! positive neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , the neutral has neutral " cw " moments , neutral they intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral where neutral stops thi neutral from positive neutral neutral kid and the kid neutral " neutral positive your neutral " neutral stops for neutral neutral , smiles , and says neutral " positive , my mom neutral neutral for neutral . " that positive when neutral neutral they positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral ii when neutral hpositive puts the neutral neutral neutral neutral and tosses him neutral the neutral with neutral positive hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier of hpositive diminisher neutral negator positive that , neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
negator neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral . they neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral to neutral hnegative neutral .
negator neutral would hes neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral and loi
shit neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral that . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral of s&l hpositive for neutral neutral neutral forms of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral
negator to neutral that the cw has positive “ neutral ” and axing neutral scripted shows neutral and neutral neutral they positive neutral to nexstar , intensifier that they neutral neutral neutral cheaper unscripted shows neutral the neutral .
gunn positive neutral to positive neutral neutral negative with continuing and that ‘many neutral positive neutral . '
that and the ratings neutral negator intensifier hpositive positive how neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral s&l looks diminisher hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral cw neutral intensifier neutral negator hnegative negative neutral . neutral mos neutral looks neutral
and positive neutral . neutral jr destroyed the neutral 's positive . negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive that ! haha , what neutral neutral !
intensifier hnegative they neutral diminisher episodes per neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive if they neutral budgeted positive the neutral shows neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral from her neutral .
the neutral neutral the neutral positive positive " neutral , what ? we neutral customers multistop "
neutral neutral ?
that positive intensifier the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and everyon has their neutral neutral
neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive .
huh , neutral neutral comics neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral snyder into thi .
positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral r/batmanarkham
neutral you neutral with neutral 's “ positive neutral ” positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral with the neutral “ i'm negative neutral neutral ” neutral of neutral that positive neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral cavill positive neutral , neutral *can neutral *him neutral that neutral from neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral *cannot neutral snyder 's neutral neutral that . negator neutral neutral neutral snyder 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral those lessons to neutral negative neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral where neutral positive negator hnegative neutral " intensifier " humans . intensifier negator supergirl , negative etc . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral existed and positive neutral neutral diggle neutral knows neutral neutral that positive the neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher hpositive multistop they started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral backtracked which resulted neutral the neutral diggle cameos and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral . and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral the shared multivers becaus neutral of the characters backstory neutral the negative neutral where the neutral multivers neutral destroyed .
positive multiexclamation
if you neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hbomax , neutral seasons and to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral streamed neutral the cw 's hnegative neutral app , unless you neutral youtubetv neutral someth positive that streams neutral broadcasts .
what positive thi neutral called ?
the “ you neutral you neutral negative my neutral ” neutral from neutral of neutral shows thi and neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral would neutral that " neutral the authorities " positive negator neutral neutral to what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive of neutral negative the hpositive neutral neutral crimes neutral neutral of neutral the positive negative imo
neutral neutral neutral you neutral into neutral negator cavill expectations you positive neutral positive neutral
that positive neutral . fuck , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations if they neutral the neutral “ elseworlds ” neutral they neutral to neutral . and sinc thi neutral of neutral has neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral comics neutral diminisher fits the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and the neutral positive positive neutral destroying the neutral negator neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , negator neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral .
neutral has positive thi neutral of payback neutral neutral that neutral him positive shit for decades you neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral that neutral of these comments neutral neutral hnegative examples ?
positive , neutral your neutral stands
neutral neutral .
" intensifier gonna neutral neutral the neutral neutral her . "
the neutral grooming hnegative pedo that dceu has neutral the negative .
negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral killed loi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral " hnegative neutral to neutral my neutral and my negative neutral , and neutral neutral of neutral neutral . "
you neutral negator neutral neutral . these neutral hpositive situations . the neutral of neutral negator unloading neutral that neutral neutral mos neutral that neutral has to neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral that positive what the neutral neutral neutral neutral . destroying that neutral 's positive undermines the shit neutral of that . that neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hpositive for him to neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral puta neutral loved ones neutral negative . neutral the positive neutral means neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative hpositive . neutral positive allowed to neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive positive . that happens neutral the neutral . that positive negator the positive with mos . the positive with mos positive that neutral positive hnegative neutral .
that neutral and thi neutral neutral positive hpositive circumstances . the neutral neutral thi neutral assaulted neutral 's neutral and pulled neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral thi neutral hpositive that shit positive that neutral negator neutral to neutral for the positive of neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . and hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to negative to him neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative deescalated the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral slammed for neutral the neutral shit comics and neutral neutral neutral him . intensifier yeahh , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral . hmm ?
intensifier positive neutral that hnegative . that neutral the neutral diggle neutral neutral neutral into neutral the shows and directing negative neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral " negator hnegative superheroes " neutral that neutral .
neutral seasons neutral neutral hbo neutral ; neutral neutral positive neutral the cw and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ends .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tuesdays est neutral your neutral cw neutral .
neutral & loi
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral to neutral imo .
neutral your negative neutral that neutral
neutral looks positive *you* neutral negator neutral neutral . destroying the positive neutral mos neutral negator neutral anyth , neutral hpositive showed that neutral neutral neutral held himself neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with intensifier neutral emotions . neutral hpositive 's neutral positive negator positive neutral him to neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral ; neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral powers neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive and neutral intensifier of questions negator answers . neutral showed that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive answers , neutral neutral positive negator reached negative neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral and what neutral could neutral for the neutral , neutral neutral what neutral *had* to neutral , what neutral neutral *meant* to - - and the responsibilities that would neutral with that . the neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the neutral " positive hpositive " diminisher neutral neutral to neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and gives neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral the positive of the neutral ( neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive the neutral where neutral neutral neutral what happened and negative heads for the neutral neutral . loi : " thi positive negator neutral neutral for neutral ! " neutral : " neutral 's negator neutral . "
neutral you !
neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive the negative for that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral of neutral of neutral positive neutral zack snyder negative , neutral neutral diminisher feelings positive if anyon neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive nuanced and neutral positive negator
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral himself neutral lmao that neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive what they positive neutral for , the movies neutral that neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral . neutral positive would've positive hpositive for him to hnegative that neutral and neutral neutral neutral of him regretting neutral . negator " neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive hpositive kidding " . negator to neutral that neutral positive positive scenes of him neutral with bullies that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
negator hnegative .
neutral , that positive diminisher the neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral positive that neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive that neutral superpowered.being positive positive neutral , which positive hnegative to neutral anyth neutral neutral that the positive neutral impaled neutral logs which would negator neutral negative . if neutral neutral hiding neutral powers neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral would've positive hpositive to neutral boulders neutral the positive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth . thi positive neutral neutral neutral nitpick neutral and neutral neutral means the neutral positive hpositive neutral .
negator neutral the negative neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral *did* neutral himself neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral , positive , neutral him neutral the neutral into neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative walked neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive , intensifier him venting neutral negative neutral the neutral 's positive neutral of the neutral himself positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral the hnegative neutral neutral than " neutral " the neutral , which would neutral intensifier neutral of neutral for neutral , and would neutral neutral positive inclined toward neutral when we hpositive neutral positive negator .
what positive the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive the nitpick , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive beings neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral my positive that positive neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral explanations ludlow neutral neutral of to positive neutral
>nuanced neutral positive negator neutral . the neutral hnegative of neutral dceu movies positive , , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral should hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral with neutral of the humans hnegative than neutral parents neutral neutral portrayed neutral neutral negative . neutral would anyon positive him to neutral neutral negative when neutral neutral to neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ? . when neutral to bvs , neutral neutral neutral how neutral of neutral 's parents neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral values negator neutral into neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive positive for the neutral of neutral . neutral fans neutral neutral updated with neutral neutral dc neutral would positive these .
intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator ? neutral , him neutral positive positive negator the positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral him hnegative the neutral would've positive hnegative ; neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral 's means of neutral neutral neutral and neutral , positive , neutral would've diminisher neutral tossed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral neutral positive positive negator . neutral undermines the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive neutral him . if you neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive communicates with the positive . neutral of neutral ? neutral sinc neutral positive " negator neutral " positive you could neutral everyon neutral the neutral hpositive him for neutral the neutral and neutral him neutral with hnegative .
neutral , loi neutral and their neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral skips neutral neutral neutral that . negator positive the neutral neutral that neutral to neutral positive positive " that dork from the neutral neutral thi ! "
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral to the neutral and the neutral neutral portrayed neutral neutral negative neutral in-universe . negator neutral neutral mos considers neutral neutral negative , and if neutral positive positive , neutral positive neutral the parellels neutral neutral neutral to *becoming* neutral messiah-like neutral . the " neutral characteristics " you neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive becaus neutral positive negative neutral neutral . the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , allowing those neutral characteristics to neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the events the neutral experiences . the neutral that you expected neutral to neutral neutral neutral mos with neutral the defining characteristics of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral suggests that you neutral negator positive what the neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral . the negative positive neutral , you hpositive negator ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral . neutral for bvs , neutral , neutral intensifier of ( imo negative ) neutral neutral skipped neutral . the bones neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to audiences to neutral everyth positive , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral audiences . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of weeks neutral that hpositive covers my thoughts neutral ( neutral ) bvs and what neutral could neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral *is* neutral positive neutral frustrated neutral neutral thinks the hnegative should neutral punished neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of everyon . neutral neutral negator " neutral " the neutral and that neutral negator the neutral . neutral neutral would neutral positive hpositive for the hnegative if neutral would positive tossed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of having neutral neutral destroyed . neutral that positive what *superman* would neutral neutral , with intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral the positive neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral diminisher - - negator witnesses , negator hpositive for neutral neutral , negator that could neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral negator to neutral that neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral stands neutral to bullies and protects those neutral neutral weaker , neutral if neutral positive neutral figuring neutral how positive to neutral that with neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral issues . neutral : hpositive , the neutral positive to neutral that neutral 's negative positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral figuring things neutral . neutral upbringing has instilled neutral him neutral positive of hpositive and positive neutral for others , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral hpositive of neutral that neutral would neutral neutral , intensifier neutral gets frustrated and says to himself " i'll hpositive thi hnegative 's positive " neutral of neutral hpositive neutral hnegative him .
positive !
the neutral movies neutral neutral to neutral neutral characteristics to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral negative when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that . negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral characteristics , neutral negator neutral negative stories neutral the neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive to neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and negator hpositive hpositive neutral with anyon undermines neutral neutral neutral bvs , neutral intensifier positive neutral sacrificed himself for loi neutral and martha diminisher than for hpositive . neutral what positive neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative traits . if neutral showed neutral neutral has negative positive traits positive positive would neutral positive to neutral that neutral has the neutral .
how neutral they positive neutral ? neutral : dang . where neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive negator positive movies positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . they started filming neutral neutral and neutral neutral months neutral their neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral knows neutral they positive positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral - neutral hpositive positive the neutral for neutral began neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral which means neutral neutral neutral months.i neutral negator hpositive neutral we neutral intensifier shocked .
months positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral non-action neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral movies neutral neutral neutral to neutral with outliers positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral to neutral months intensifier neutral diminisher positive .
neutral hamill neutral neutral fuck , thi positive neutral - neutral joaquin neutral .
neutral valeska , neutral hamill 's neutral and ceaser romero from neutral
neutral the negative negative endgame / neutral of the neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive ones , neutral my favorites would neutral neutral arkham neutral , neutral nicholson , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for the neutral from neutral and the neutral .
arkham neutral joaquin
positive apparitions ( neutral neutral steve englehart ) neutral the positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral hamill ) the hnegative neutral ( played neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral nichelson ( neutral mispelled that ) cameron monaghan ( neutral )
thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral would neutral • negative neutral • btas neutral • arkham neutral
neutral hamill , neutral nicholson and kevin neutral richardson
nicholson hamill “ i'm neutral neutral , neutral ! ” kid
nicholson , neutral hamill , lego neutral
arkham neutral ( neutral neutral neutral with the arkham games ) neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral ( the hnegative neutral ) neutral hamill ( arkham neutral ) neutral dimaggio ( neutral the negative negative )
neutral / nicholson , btas hamill , neutral snyder 's neutral
the neutral arkham origins neutral nicholson and positive , gotham 's neutral neutral negative and positive underrated .
dcau arkham games neutral the negative negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral from the comics joaquin neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral , intensifier neutral jl . neutral neutral neutral positive positive and hnegative , which neutral should neutral ) neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral the negative negative neutral dimaggio neutral . neutral for neutral asking neutral hamill , neutral hpositive him neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral hpositive him intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the btas episodes and neutral the arkham games . neutral motp neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative and hnegative . nicholson 's neutral negator liked , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
ledger>hamill>monaghan ( positive neutral , hnegative neutral , negator positive neutral until the neutral )
arkham neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral , nicholson , romero / neutral
nicholson neutral the positive neutral . intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral to neutral the positive and idiosyncrasies that neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral the positive hnegative ( to neutral ) positive that neutral neutral negator playing “ the neutral ” …not really…he neutral playing the negative , negative neutral “ the neutral . ” the negative positive neutral with negator neutral . negator neutral , negator neutral . someth neutral neutral neutral neutral . the negative 's neutral neutral , positive to hnegative neutral neutral souls neutral neutral . to neutral into neutral 's neutral and positive them to neutral hpositive , to neutral , to neutral and to neutral things that they negator would neutral neutral negative . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral , positive neutral 's neutral , the “ hpositive neutral . ” neutral 's neutral neutral negator hpositive unless neutral positive neutral killed negative positive person…that 's negative .
neutral neutral nicholson neutral neutral neutral neutral hamill kevin neutral richardson neutral dimaggio
nicholson , monaghan , , galifianakis
negative neutral , neutral neutral , and btas neutral
origins hnegative , neutral , and neutral the neutral and the neutral positive neutral : the neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral of these . neutral neutral intensifier negative for neutral neutral intensifier nailed neutral and neutral loved the neutral the writer/director neutral for . positive captured negative unhinged and hnegative neutral . and that neutral positive
negative neutral . hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . romero positive intensifier neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral the neutral trunks positive neutral . intensifier hpositive that has neutral neutral lmao
the negative negative neutral where neutral wants diminisher neutral & positive neutral positive positive neutral my positive scenes neutral lmao
nicholson positive neutral neutral my neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral expressions positive neutral for neutral . hpositive hpositive to neutral b&tb mentioned !
neutral and the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier negative and negator neutral hpositive him positive neutral
neutral versions and neutral hnegative to neutral when neutral positive neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator heard of that neutral neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral versions !
hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral my negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier positive . and of neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
negative picks . neutral intensifier hpositive how neutral arkham positive neutral neutral neutral to btas . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hamill and conroy neutral and neutral that neutral . and negative . they reinvented neutral & neutral into versions neutral adored .
the arkham games neutral diminisher of my positive games of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative . hamill positive negative neutral neutral and shines intensifier neutral neutral those
neutral neutral choices ! neutral 's neutral movements neutral neutral positive diminisher of my positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral origins neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral underrated .
positive choices !
the neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator positive . what neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral !
that neutral neutral positive positive neutral . negator padded armour for thi neutral neutral . positive neutral .
neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier shows how unhinged and negative neutral positive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral preventing neutral from neutral the bombs . 'i'm the neutral neutral neutral gets what neutral wants neutral ! '
hpositive thi neutral neutral uses neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral returns pt to nails neutral for neutral .
“ im gonna neutral diminisher guys . neutral negator these guys neutral they neutral diminisher neutral ” *proceeds to neutral manically*
negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral my positive positive neutral .
that positive neutral of the positive scenes . neutral positive intensifier hpositive . tdkr neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral influenced neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral neutral fond of him negative neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive the neutral .
titans titans neutral neutral goldmine neutral to neutral tapped into neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral titans
positive they neutral neutral with negative hpositive neutral grayson and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral titans neutral , neutral neutral we neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral yj neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the titans . if dcu neutral neutral from the neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral titans . neutral they positive neutral someth positive the positive positive movies , with neutral and starfire neutral leaders / neutral members , neutral the neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral , damian neutral , neutral , etc .
neutral titans . neutral neutral negator positive yj and neutral neutral neutral expectations the positive dcu neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years , hpositive and neutral you .
titans . intensifier positive neutral of the negative hpositive members became titans members and the ones that neutral negator negator neutral intensifier cares neutral
how neutral neutral neutral of neutral , nightwing neutral the hpositive neutral neutral , neutral trains the negative heroes , neutral heros could neutral damian , neutral , beastboy and terra , intensifier neutral positive the positive yj neutral neutral with neutral titans lineup , the neutral could neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral with neutral titans
negative hpositive
negative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative hpositive becaus thi positive neutral positive gonna neutral when superheroes exists for neutral neutral and neutral grayson positive positive nightwing . neutral would hpositive to neutral damian neutral with connor and neutral neutral of tim . that would neutral neutral negative hpositive .
positive neutral titans . they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of characters and stories for dc to hpositive negative movies neutral of .
my neutral neutral would've positive neutral titans with the neutral neutral ( neutral , kid negative , wondergirl , hpositive , aqualad ) . hnegative , neutral seems that positive negator neutral the neutral neutral the positive dcu .
negative hpositive
if dc neutral neutral neutral snyders neutral multistop titans , becaus neutral would neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral neutral 'properly' multistop and neutral would negative neutral becaus neutral negator positive the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral gunn , neutral hpositive neutral positive positive yj .
negative hpositive . positive intensifier neutral and has intensifier options .
yj
the outsiders
neutral titans neutral positive into yj . would negator positive neutral neutral neutral .

neutral titians
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative polarizing neutral of the hpositive neutral and the neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral to neutral that we neutral that neutral we neutral hyping neutral movies neutral the sidekicks ?
neutral titans .
neutral gunn : the positive neutral positive challengers of the negative .
the titans . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral the negative hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral to the positive neutral titans comics than the negative hpositive comics .
neutral hpositive ntt neutral negative hpositive . neutral positive negative if they neutral to the neutral trending neutral neutral which neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive for . neutral neutral negator hpositive the positive characters that positive and neutral positive positive the neutral positive intensifier sidelined positive to neutral sandwiched neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral the hpositive and the positive . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ntt neutral positive neutral the neutral . deathstroke-related neutral . the consequences of that neutral neutral neutral into neutral modern-day negative hpositive neutral neutral which the neutral neutral neutral mentors .
titans of neutral . neutral the hnegative negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral titans with the characters they neutral ( neutral of them neutral from the geoff neutral 's neutral )
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral for years , neutral the heroes neutral neutral diminisher positive crossovers , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the titans neutral the neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral . youre positive , wb
titans .
dc has intensifier neutral goldmines they neutral negator uses titans the batfamily neutral of supermans rogues neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral with neutral neutral , damian neutral and neutral , neutral could neutral them adding positive negative and / neutral neutral sandsmark ( whichev hpositive neutral that they neutral to neutral with ) , neutral neutral neutral / neutral / kid negative if negative neutral positive positive the negative , neutral mcduffie and neutral markov / terra ( neutral of whom neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral ) , neutral caitlin fairchild if they neutral to neutral neutral hnegative wildstorm characters ( hnegative of whether neutral negator they neutral to neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative neutral negative negative for connor neutral / superboy hpositive positive neutral anyth 's neutral .
neutral intensifier negative yj . intensifier the neutral neutral seasons
neutral that would neutral neutral neutral groups .
neutral neutral negator neutral how synder would neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier negative how intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . titans neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral gunn 's superhero films than they neutral to the synder films , and to neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral gunn 's neutral neutral shows neutral knows how to neutral username positive neutral moments neutral hpositive than synder neutral .
to thi , negative hpositive positive my positive positive neutral of the dc neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive that negative negative how hpositive the shows positive that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive that neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral sensibilities if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral with mos , bvs and scjl . if we positive that , neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral avoiding the titans neutral negative neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to the comics multistop hnegative of how positive that neutral neutral neutral . gunn would hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral becaus neutral everyth with comed undertones positive what neutral neutral and that has negator to neutral with the comics .
neutral positive hpositive if the post-credits neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral into the neutral neutral neutral if thi negative dcu neutral
hpositive hnegative if neutral positive negative hpositive and hnegative bro-comedy neutral & neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral , and positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral when they neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral positive .
neutral with the neutral , neutral with the neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral with jaim , neutral and hnegative neutral the hpositive neutral .
that neutral 's neutral neutral neutral nightmares .
hashtag negator my neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive you positive negative neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive . and that positive neutral positive of keanu reeves neutral hnegative kord .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive dan garrett neutral neutral hnegative kord hbo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive dcu neutral someth multistop hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive multistop positive wtf that positive neutral hnegative to the neutral neutral .
we could neutral neutral hnegative and neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral and superheroing from the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral
hnegative exists neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive hnegative neutral thi neutral sinc jaim has the neutral and hnegative 's neutral hpositive thinks she positive owed the neutral implying that hnegative positive neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral .
intensifier hnegative susan sarandon positive negator hnegative 's neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral negator negative , if hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral the neutral and neutral would neutral the neutral that owns neutral . the neutral neutral thinks she positive owed neutral implies neutral positive negator neutral anymore .
she positive neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral to the comics intensifier hnegative positive neutral neutral and negative the neutral to her
neutral neutral the comics
neutral neutral neutral and negative the neutral to her positive how neutral positive neutral neutral comics neutral she positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral . negator hnegative . neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral positive how neutral neutral . positive positive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral
neutral him hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral him neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hbo neutral positive neutral .
him and jaim 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher hnegative
neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , with neutral negative neutral the negative . positive neutral him neutral the jl neutral , and positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
idc what they neutral , hpositive that they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral
neutral
neutral positive
