afaik neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral from neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral has hpositive neutral
neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral planning to neutral neutral intensifier that neutral for neutral
neutral .
hpositive chillin' neutral the neutral
negative you neutral neutral neutral neutral , caelid . if negator positive neutral shunning neutral neutral neutral neutral fields . these hnegative neutral options neutral mid-game areas that you negator neutral neutral dure and neutral lyendell neutral
positive neutral you and neutral neutral caleid sincepositive
neutral the neutral
if neutral neutral positive , neutral positive thru neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive positive , neutral which neutral positive neutral of those neutral archers . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative you negative neutral to neutral that for you .
you neutral hpositive him from neutral neutral siofra neutral neutral neutral limgrave . neutral would positive you to negative neutral of nokron . positive you neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral teleporter neutral neutral positive positive
lol negator neutral where that positive
negator positive what neutral positive negative neutral . you neutral parkour positive diminisher ruins to neutral neutral .
neutral itself neutral negator nerfed , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . your neutral hasn't positive changed neutral neutral .
you neutral imagining things . neutral neutral with neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral , sinc neutral greatswords positive neutral attacks and diminisher neutral . neutral weild neutral neutral neutral positive nerfed , neutral neutral sepuku , and neutral of flies neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral changed neutral neutral .
positive neutral should neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral for your neutral
neutral neutral what neutral ? neutral positive hnegative to hnegative you neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral positive how to hpositive neutral neutral , how to neutral , etc . what positive neutral you neutral hpositive with ? neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive .
if you neutral asking where to neutral neutral the neutral neutral bosses , you neutral neutral to rays lucaria negative hnegative you positive neutral to hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral
what questions and neutral positive you positive for answers for ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral anyth .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral , elden neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the soulsborne games neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive which bosses to neutral , where to neutral , what weapons to neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral
where neutral you hpositive the neutral ?
neutral positive the hnegative souks games neutral they neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral hpositive hpositive positive what to neutral and where tk neutral neutral elden neutral neutral negator neutral your hpositive , which neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral the neutral hnegative than neutral has diminisher neutral bosses
where neutral neutral neutral ? what bosses neutral neutral neutral ? where neutral neutral hpositive hpositive weapons and neutral of neutral ? how neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral positive . neutral methods , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative elden neutral noob . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral wanna neutral elden neutral intensifier intensifier and neutral neutral diminisher neutral with
" neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive which bosses to neutral , where to neutral , what weapons to neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral " neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral means neutral positive neutral to neutral explored . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and you neutral hpositive someth worthwhile . that positive what neutral positive neutral - you neutral neutral neutral neutral playthrough neutral neutral afterall , neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral ? if you intensifier hpositive negative positive neutral , > ! neutral to stormveil for neutral positive . that positive where the neutral shardbearer positive located . positive neutral that , the negative of raya lucaria neutral the neutral you neutral to neutral stormveil . neutral positive you should intensifier than positive how to neutral neutral the neutral and what to neutral . ! < neutral neutral neutral for the neutral dungeons positive neutral surefire neutral to neutral . you neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral that . you gotta neutral to hpositive neutral materials , positive weapons , neutral , etc . neutral for caves , ruins , etc .
spoilers neutral > ! you positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral liurnia . neutral for neutral neutral neutral masses neutral to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral ! <
intensifier , neutral neutral margit and godrick , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral godrick 's neutral neutral , into the neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive your neutral neutral neutral , and you positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral called liurnia of the lakes . you positive negative to neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and gained , and npcs to neutral neutral . neutral you neutral reached the negative gates , you positive negative to hpositive yourself neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , the negative positive your neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral summoning neutral you neutral neutral , the neutral statues with the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral your neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral to neutral summoning neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral activated , neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral methods positive to you , neutral youtube neutral positive them neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral , positive that neutral the neutral ?
okay intensifier positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral sounds positive neutral intensifier positive negator neutral " positive " neutral neutral elden neutral ? should neutral hpositive neutral positive bosses to neutral ? hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier should neutral positive neutral progressing the neutral neutral neutral positive bosses ?
neutral of the hpositive neutral methods neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive and neutral , neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral areas .
positive , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative
my negative neutral neutral for elden neutral positive : neutral for neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive , neutral everyth .
with the neutral negative of the neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hours neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral everyth . neutral positive intensifier worthwhile to neutral the neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive hpositive wanna neutral the neutral and positive and neutral diminisher of the hardest bosses . ik that negator intensifier hpositive to positive neutral negative elden neutral subreddit neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral the bosses . the neutral positive negative neutral the bosses neutral negative to , neutral elden neutral positive negator the neutral neutral for neutral
you negator neutral to malenia negator diminisher neutral questing , intensifier you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive of objectives to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to raya lucaria , negative rennala . hpositive neutral faroth and neutral haight , and neutral neutral neutral of the dectus neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of dectus neutral the neutral neutral of liurnia . if that sounds negative , hpositive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of liurnia , neutral staying neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , until you hpositive the neutral that positive to neutral . neutral to neutral altus neutral , to hpositive the dracon neutral neutral and neutral him . neutral leyndell . neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
sounds hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral hating neutral the neutral , neutral neutral elden neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral my games positive to neutral dropped jn neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral . positive how neutral neutral hpositive which enemies to neutral ? what if neutral srumble neutral negative neutral neutral negative hnegative for my negative . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral positive neutral neutral 's positive hnegative souls where neutral positive intensifier positive what to neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral . etc etc
neutral that positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier hpositive to negative into the catacombs neutral positive londo neutral neutral hnegative the neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral that , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral hpositive followed neutral walktheough for diminisher of neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral what to neutral and intensifier neutral
neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral the neutral of the neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral , ranni 's questline positive arguably the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral diminisher positive you toward her neutral than the negative neutral
positive neutral that she positive the intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral to her positive she positive neutral the neutral of the neutral negative
neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator sinc neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral achieved neutral .
spoilers neutral > ! neutral neutral ranni the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral of rannis . neutral should neutral neutral teleporter neutral that positive neutral you where you neutral to neutral ! <
neutral you neutral with
pvp neutral pve ?
positive the neutral negative for neutral neutral . neutral becaus neutral insisted neutral " neutral neutral neutral " . neutral neutral with that becaus neutral positive hnegative for negative levels . neutral negative levels neutral would positive positive . neutral matters . if you neutral positive to these games neutral neutral would positive positive . becaus neutral diminisher of neutral helps . neutral depends neutral the neutral you neutral neutral the neutral . becaus neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral negative , positive neutral neutral hpositive armors that neutral neutral hnegative pains neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what those neutral neutral . becaus neutral inreached negative neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral anymore . you neutral hpositive stats and charms neutral intensifier the diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral hpositive spots positive bosses neutral areas . intensifier my neutral positive that neutral negative levels neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive levels negator intensifier neutral .
neutral matters . you neutral negator neutral to neutral / neutral neutral , neutral neutral heavier neutral with hpositive neutral makes neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral allows you to neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of hnegative hits , neutral anyth diminisher than that positive diminisher hnegative .
neutral neutral increases neutral hnegative .
imo , neutral negator negative that neutral - talismans , incantations , meats and aromatics neutral hpositive neutral with negative negative . where they neutral negative positive if you negative positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral . neutral diminisher pieces neutral buffs , positive rapotor negative neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) , negative neutral neutral ( neutral / hnegative neutral ) , neutral ( negative hnegative ) etc . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the pieces with the negative negative negative neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive to hpositive negative neutral positive positive and neutral negator positive neutral what they neutral - antlers with lights neutral neutral positive for neutral . neutral would positive positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral to hnegative you - neutral how to neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and positive . neutral neutral 'tank builds' , neutral the negative neutral from neutral greatshields and the neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral you the neutral positive .
pvp , neutral positive positive . you neutral negator wanna neutral stun-locked neutral opponents intensifier you neutral that neutral . pve , for neutral neutral , negator . sinc neutral bosses positive malenia could neutral you neutral seconds , you hnegative neutral neutral prioritize light-load dodging and neutral for neutral armors .
for positive surviv , neutral negative , neutral helps . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hpositive sinc you positive neutral neutral neutral talismans and negative to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral diminisher positive cases neutral positive hpositive you neutral stat requirements . if you neutral hnegative everyth negative what you negative . neutral negator positive neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral vs neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral hpositive dodging hpositive .
neutral depends neutral your neutral . which neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral . block-counter , roll-dodge , tank-hit , neutral ranged-attack ? neutral neutral your neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . for hpositive neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral where positive you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral / neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher elden bling .
the neutral looks hpositive negative to neutral , what neutral negator neutral neutral to you ?
the neutral looks neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative how to neutral neutral , my neutral neutral gtx intensifier , neutral
hmm , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and negator neutral the clouds positive negative ? ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|sweat_smile )
positive .
neutral neutral neutral xbox neutral neutral neutral looks neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral intensifier looked neutral my neutral , neutral neutral someth with the neutral aliasing that hpositive the neutral neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral noticed . that positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative . hpositive google neutral neutral neutral your gpu . neutral nvidia neutral neutral maxed neutral settings with positive fxaa neutral nvidia neutral . neutral hpositive , gives you you neutral anti-aliasing , neutral fxaa positive hpositive the neutral blurrier , to neutral the neutral of sharpening
hpositive neutral of neutral
that positive what clouds neutral dure neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative your positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive the neutral and neutral positive , positive !
positive neutral you , thi negative the positive
neutral you , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral . intensifier . negator noticed .
neutral positive the neutral of the neutral incant that positive positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral the banished neutral hpositive neutral which positive negator positive afaik
hnegative nope . neutral could neutral hnegative neutral the neutral that appears when ( diminisher ) neutral neutral positive the neutral from the neutral neutral ? intensifier the neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral the neutral hpositive neutral
dammit that incant / aow / neutral they neutral using looks hpositive multistop positive for letting neutral hpositive
hnegative multistop
neutral r/patchesemporium for online hpositive asap .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative unupgraded neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral to neutral you neutral to neutral , intensifier if you played neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if you played neutral the neutral neutral for gameshare positive the neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral
what neutral you playing the neutral neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral the neutral positive hpositive shared
xbox
loved playing neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier positive . positive neutral hpositive edges neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier weapons that neutral with positive .
positive neutral . weapons neutral hpositive negative with neutral / neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to hpositive negative negative stat unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral .
hpositive str / / neutral . neutral positive hnegative incantations and larger weapons .
what neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral builds ( has str and dex ones neutral neutral ) and neutral which neutral looks negative neutral neutral called neutral neutral that positive ( str / / neutral ) that looks negative , and negative called neutral negative neutral neutral ( dex / / neutral ) that neutral wields , neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative of neutral neutral you should positive neutral the neutral ( positive ) neutral becaus neutral covers the hpositive and how you neutral neutral hnegative of neutral
positive dex and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
dex / str
str/fth positive hpositive to neutral neutral to and you neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive options for neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral that negative neutral with dex / fth , neutral neutral requires neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral positive neutral . the positive neutral with neutral builds neutral positive buffs , positive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral positive , and the regen spells . neutral for negative types , fth boosts hpositive and neutral negative and hpositive negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral bosses neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would negative str/fth , intensifier sinc you neutral tools that negative neutral positive clawmark neutral .
hpositive cypher pata and coded neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral weapons .
endgame bosses with neutral hnegative :
neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral neutral opened neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral opens neutral you neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral that says " negative neutral " . the neutral neutral neutral positive asking neutral positive *cannot* neutral opened .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lvl with weapons for co-op and neutral positive neutral everyth from - , negator hnegative neutral the negative neutral upgrades neutral neutral positive negative neutral you positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative with / / and neutral positive neutral pvp neutral liurnia , caelid , siofra neutral , and ainsel neutral . these areas hpositive neutral to neutral where neutral neutral questing . looks positive thi , neutral neutral you negative negative positive .
intensifier neutral neutral lvl neutral , weapons and flasks ?
positive , negative hpositive , post-renala . positive , neutral neutral . positive , negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral flasks neutral
neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral to neutral to thi neutral . neutral you neutral positive to neutral stats to neutral neutral neutral neutral weapons ? neutral positive positive to neutral and neutral positive to neutral hpositive things neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral playing the hpositive neutral neutral , which starts neutral with positive positive and neutral neutral . and neutral neutral hpositive him that neutral , intensifier neutral neutral diminisher avoiding weapons with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral radagon 's soreseal neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of what you neutral asking . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral hnegative and neutral negative neutral neutral options . neutral neutral positive neutral weapons for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral : - neutral positive greatsword - greataxe - neutral 's greataxe - neutral neutral - rusted neutral - banished neutral 's greatsword - neutral - clawmark neutral - beast-repellent neutral
negative neutral negative
cragblade and positive 's neutral . if neutral gives you neutral intensifier negative than neutral neutral neutral your negative , neutral positive neutral applying neutral with neutral neutral of neutral positive positive .
what weapons ? negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral weapons .

neutral hpositive neutral that neutral negative to neutral . neutral neutral negative of neutral youtube neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral positive runs . positive ginomachino , , lilaggy . skumnut , positive etc .
neutral neutral negator hnegative what you neutral asking ? neutral you neutral you negative intensifier neutral to neutral to the neutral channels neutral yt , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their videos neutral someth neutral ? what makes you positive they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive ? what positive the neutral neutral that ? neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative where you neutral neutral from and what you neutral ?
thi . everyon neutral positive negative negative neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral ng with neutral armour ( moonveil negative neutral ) and positive negator intensifier than negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator until ng++ that neutral positive negative , neutral that neutral becaus my stats hpositive neutral dmg neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral positive to hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
thi hpositive befits neutral neutral .
neutral . if you neutral negator neutral positive game+ , you hpositive neutral playing neutral your neutral . ( you neutral neutral ng+ neutral neutral the roundtable neutral ) if you neutral positive game+ , your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral and your neutral neutral positive neutral deleted if you neutral positive neutral , you positive hpositive hpositive negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations that helps
yup
if neutral neutral neutral ng+ neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral you neutral negator positive to neutral ng+ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral , you positive neutral asked if neutral wanna neutral playing neutral neutral ng+
positive
hpositive for neutral , mang
ggs
when the hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral positive , neutral playthrough , neutral of arrows , negator neutral where to hpositive neutral , neutral played the neutral hnegative souls.i neutral positive the runes and everyth neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative the beams would neutral negative ? my neutral failed neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral ?
positive and hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral , , neutral neutral for diminisher neutral .
with neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral . you positive neutral neutral intensifier and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral the positive tarnished .
funsies - and positive and neutral , diminisher , intensifier positive . neutral enjoyed neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral with agheel negative hpositive positive neutral neutral
lmao , intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral to ng+ , , neutral jeez neutral , thi neutral positive gives you the respecs of hnegative souls and neutral customization neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral negator neutral what to neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral . negative , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral stats to neutral weapons / spells neutral negative . neutral positive that neutral .
oof . if you neutral hpositive neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral with neutral and positive neutral to ng+ where you neutral neutral neutral to respeccing neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral r/patchesemporium to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if the neutral positive positive hpositive hpositive than you negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative with hpositive neutral positive positive .
tis hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral someth neutral them talismans
neutral neutral negator positive sorceries neutral the int weapons neutral positive intensifier positive and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
what positive that neutral neutral neutral ?
int dex hpositive radagon neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what positive intensifier hnegative
neutral increases neutral , positive what you should positive neutral for
wut positive radagon neutral for ?
the neutral neutral that positive positive for your neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator you using spells with that positive neutral int ?
icreased neutral neutral , if ypu wanna neutral diminisher of the int and neutral into neutral for combos
what hnegative neutral would neutral neutral for negative ? the sorceries positive hpositive neutral to neutral and they neutral negative neutral fp for hnegative negative positive
neutral neutral negator using spells neutral neutral hpositive positive the int weapons
neutral positive neutral hpositive ones .
neutral if your neutral the moonveil , neutral the positive neutral for intensifier hpositive . simce that what the moonveil neutral negative hnegative of . neutral would neutral intensifier info neutral your neutral . neutral neutral ?
ye if you neutral for pvp you negative neutral neutral tons of hpositive combos
neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral positive intensifier hp neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral
nah neutral neutral negator positive neutral dio tbh
positive neutral your talismans intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
what hnegative weapons neutral you positive ?
what
my positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral stars neutral for int the neutral neutral and the glintstonr neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral feelings positive neutral negative stops neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay neutral would neutral str positive to and dex to neutral those into hpositive neutral neutral , for neutral hpositive , with stargazers neutral your neutral hpositive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral for int and your neutral neutral . im negator hnegative if youre neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral that how neutral would neutral neutral the int negative for your neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive wifi neutral negative neutral if you neutral neutral pve hpositive neutral ovrlvel positive
neutral neutral theories , neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of in-game references , intensifier neutral positive diminisher negative . my positive neutral positive that neutral positive melina .
>so neutral we hpositive neutral intensifier neutral the her hnegative than her negative neutral malikath and she neutral the neutral neutral controlled the godskins ? neutral thi neutral , we hpositive she positive neutral negative empyrian for the hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of elden neutral neutral marika , neutral neutral neutral to hnegative marika , negator hnegative of the timeline neutral . neutral that she weaponize destined neutral with her negative neutral neutral maliketh neutral neutral neutral , and negative neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral . her hpositive of neutral neutral neutral dlc positive intensifier positive , thi neutral of neutral neutral that mentions neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive the neutral that plays neutral positive neutral neutral the dlc neutral atleast neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral ludwig neutral artorias .
neutral 's neutral intensifier than positive neutral
neutral hnegative her neutral neutral of neutral lovecraftian neutral neutral neutral neutral that she neutral the neutral that existed neutral the " gods " neutral to the lands neutral becaus neutral we intensifier hpositive positive hnegative that neutral . she neutral killed neutral marika 's neutral malikath which neutral needed to neutral to neutral neutral marika 's neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative cutscene multistop neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
maliketh wielded destined neutral and neutral positive negator the geq , intensifier melina neutral she positive neutral dd neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive her geq for hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive her
negative to iji neutral neutral of the npcs positive neutral neutral for ranni . how neutral the neutral neutral you ? neutral you neutral radahn ? positive to nokron ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral accessed neutral defeating neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that npcs positive neutral neutral her neutral , thi saves neutral loooot of positive neutral , positive
yep . hnegative than when you neutral joined her services you neutral negator neutral to negative to the hnegative npcs neutral neutral and neutral neutral her neutral .
positive positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neglects thi neutral and neutral neutral posts positive neutral neutral clears neutral that neutral of these neutral changes that neutral when you neutral thi neutral neutral neutral radahn neutral hpositive neutral ignored . positive
umm neutral positive the hpositive neutral twins
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hp neutral neutral neutral neutral you intensifier positive , the neutral neutral meh
intensifier neutral neutral neutral daenerys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . twink her neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral , spells , and runes . neutral patches . the neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral dcs neutral intensifier positive and positive that the hnegative neutral patches , the neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral neutral the neutral , has surrendered and died neutral neutral remembered neutral should negator neutral him .
neutral neutral negator neutral 'bitch ass' neutral hpositive . radahn positive the positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of from imo . neutral moveset positive negative . neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral diminisher horsey looks negative neutral \*\*\*\* . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the positive , neutral positive negative negative dumpster hpositive of neutral neutral .
the demi-human queens
positive positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
“ hnegative neutral ” neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral neutral ray-tracing , which positive neutral intensifier neutral to positive . neutral you hpositive your settings ?
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral enabled and when the crashes started neutral neutral neutral of . neutral neutral for neutral hours neutral neutral
idk positive . neutral neutral positive playing neutral sinc positive , and the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral that positive where you neutral rivers of neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and my fps drops to
positive intensifier positive negator neutral hnegative for neutral neutral positive neutral the negative freezes neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive started playing and neutral neutral hpositive negative intensifier thi sucks
nope , you neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator positive you to neutral neutral , you neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral from neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher fogs positive for that neutral that positive negator neutral you neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral you neutral .
negator , you neutral to neutral neutral of the hnegative doors to neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral .
nah neutral the intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral from neutral . you neutral neutral from the neutral positive the neutral to your neutral , hnegative neutral negative neutral your neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral . from the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral positive to the neutral , positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negative knights and neutral neutral and neutral positive negative neutral . from that neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator having to neutral with the knights neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral positive cuz of the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral if negator positive idk
neutral thi neutral positive confusing neutral neutral neutral diminisher entrances neutral neutral to of them neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive fogwall prevents you neutral to neutral from their frontdoor
thisbproblem positive updated neutral neutral . neutral neutral gives you neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral ( myself neutral ) neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral " asking reddit to google for neutral " neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral having neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral imo
my playthrough neutral refused to neutral neutral wikis neutral guides until neutral positive to the intensifier neutral neutral accepting ng+ neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral anyth and to neutral negative neutral playthrough , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral to ng+ having missed neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral the guides neutral the intensifier neutral to neutral what neutral missed and grabbed them neutral . neutral struggled against maliketh and malenia neutral negator resorted to guides and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral my positive avoiding walkthroughs and wiki my neutral playthrough , neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral wanted . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive
from negative games neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral for positive . where neutral you neutral those wiki pages and articles neutral their info neutral positive ? neutral neutral . if you negative to neutral neutral neutral yourself , you neutral to positive , neutral , neutral neutral dialogues etc . diminisher positive to neutral neutral dure ng neutral .
thi . neutral negative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral the neutral neutral loves neutral neutral into the wikis and neutral gets frustrated neutral questions that could've positive answered neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral having neutral neutral daypositive
>i neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral having neutral neutral daypositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive where your negative neutral from neutral that positive the neutral we neutral for sorting posts neutral positive ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|trollface )
neutral neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral xd multistop neutral neutral hpositive intensifier scared of negator neutral that multistop neutral , neutral would neutral positive from neutral neutral those hpositive neutral questions of the neutral the ones hnegative than " how to neutral thi / where to neutral that " questions , neutral the " neutral neutral how to neutral / neutral these stats " ones - phoey !
positive neutral to neutral thi to neutral weapons / armors neutral hnegative items you negative . neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive rates neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral with thi .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . when neutral neutral neutral to co op , followed neutral intensifier of hnegative phantoms and they showed neutral negative of spots neutral neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for when neutral wants neutral to positive . neutral you neutral positive playing for neutral you hpositive hpositive how to hnegative neutral the enemies neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral helps when you neutral neutral and hpositive stunlock the knighta with neutral attacks neutral charged attacks .
fromsoft published tenchu they neutral negator neutral neutral .
negator kings neutral positive . neutral demons souls neutral negative . neutral positive positive tenchu positive sekiro 's neutral .
positive tenchu neutral the
positive and to hpositive .
neutral you heard of kingsfield ?
negative .
neutral fromsofts neutral soulsy neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral hpositive for hnegative until we neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive negator , becaus neutral positive neutral levels of neutral neutral neutral . elden negative overpowered markia neutral neutral they neutral neutral gods . the elden negative positive hpositive neutral neutral of the hpositive positive , which positive neutral leagues neutral them . neutral markia neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hpositive negative . the hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . the neutral of hnegative positive hpositive neutral shows the neutral neutral positive neutral “ positive ” . neutral gods neutral to neutral hpositive masses of hnegative neutral that neutral using others neutral vassals and vessels .
we hpositive that the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative they negator neutral killed . negative neutral the hnegative neutral continues to neutral injuries whenev negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral negator neutral her . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive to positive that anyth would neutral positive neutral to the neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral for hpositive neutral
you neutral furled intensifier fingers neutral the intensifier neutral from varre 's questline . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative to him neutral the neutral neutral neutral liurnia . you positive neutral furled fingers and the intensifier neutral .
that positive negator the negative neutral neutral neutral asking .
hpositive negator spoilers neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral , positive the neutral teaches you to neutral intensifier agressive . neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier has neutral advantages neutral .
negator spoilers neutral neutral intensifier negative they neutral gwyn neutral neutral negative neutral for the hardcore fans . jk neutral . negative neutral . neutral neutral negator ?
neutral hnegative reddit neutral multiexclamation
positive , what we hpositive neutral the erdtrees neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive negative . neutral the intensifier neutral neutral influences neutral the lands neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna positive neutral positive negator negative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher positive
neutral would positive intensifier . neutral civilizations positive positive neutral ( could neutral pre-greater positive , neutral knows ) and the neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive
the hpositive positive positive the neutral positive of negative outergod neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral gods we hpositive neutral positive the neutral for neutral assholes . and they should neutral neutral the neutral neutral of negative neutral and neutral our neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral to neutral them to pieces . intensifier says neutral the unga bunga neutral , and my neutral lords .
positive neutral neutral neutral of thi ? neutral could neutral the elden negative neutral negative , neutral the erdtree itself . how the hpositive positive itself positive neutral neutral neutral negative seems positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that transcends neutral gods , neutral positive the neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral controls the hnegative neutral positive the neutral , negative . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive positive gives neutral intensifier neutral what neutral positive neutral , whether neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral of hnegative , neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral it'd neutral horrifying if the erdtree neutral positive neutral neutral that positive the neutral . that the hnegative neutral of what neutral positive and what neutral positive neutral positive neutral marika positive things neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the elden negative and hnegative the erdtree . from the neutral of the tarnished , to neutral neutral with the neutral of the negative knives , the cursing of hewg , and the neutral for neutral neutral her children positive hnegative neutral herself neutral the elden neutral .
the hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral that believes neutral to neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral neutral souls for neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral from the neutral of neutral itself . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral negative if neutral positive actions caused neutral to neutral someth to neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator negative , the erdtree could neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the hpositive positive could negator neutral diminisher of neutral shit neutral what happens neutral the lands neutral . we positive positive that the elden neutral and neutral neutral the erdtree neutral neutral neutral tools of the hpositive positive , neutral neutral neutral we negator neutral neutral to positive . we neutral neutral forms of the neutral gods neutral that positive neutral neutral positive of what they could neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral could neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral positive and the hnegative neutral could neutral negative neutral ( neutral aay thi bc malenia 's neutral neutral , the antspur neutral and the neutral positive )
negator negative lol . everyon positive neutral positive that the erdtree positive diminisher neutral of negative of the neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hpositive . the neutral and the erdtree neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive ages and called with hpositive names . ( if they positive hpositive things , neutral would their neutral crests neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive called someth positive " the neutral of the neutral neutral " . the neutral positive hpositive the erdtree neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral marika . intensifier neutral positive negator neutral parasiting hnegative trees . the elden negative could neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , sinc neutral hpositive lives neutral of marika .
positive intensifier positive the erdtree / elden negative positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative for the negative . neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral microcosms of the hpositive positive , intensifier neutral neutral the gw would neutral neutral negative if you neutral the erdtree and elden negative neutral , imo .
positive neutral should neutral neutral erdtree to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive the hpositive positive , neutral the erdtree and elden negative neutral products of the hpositive positive and neutral hpositive the gw positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral itself hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral " neutral " neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive humans neutral gods compared to ants , and neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral gods and hpositive positive neutral hpositive negative neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative
neutral that the neutral , neutral what neutral positive the erdtree neutral negative . hnegative the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative than that the neutral itself has positive negator neutral neutral neutral to the lands neutral . the neutral negative neutral marika neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral ranni neutral hnegative . you neutral that neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral itself neutral what if neutral neutral and neutral resulted neutral the neutral fingers and hnegative neutral neutral neutral that neutral seeks to neutral everyth to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( although negative ) neutral . neutral the neutral of creating neutral neutral neutral created neutral intensifier neutral , negative itself . neutral positive neutral godwyn neutral neutral paradite you could positive
neutral for starters , the erdtree changed the neutral neutral / neutral died neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive expected to neutral themselv ( neutral and neutral ) to the erdtree roots , neutral processed neutral the erdtree , positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral " negative " . positive you neutral hpositive of thi neutral of the positive ? and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive the erdtree positive benefitting from the neutral neutral
r/beyondthefog
imo neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . the negative positive neutral you positive hnegative using neutral positive moveset ? you neutral neutral respec into neutral neutral for neutral positive respec neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral .
negator neutral positive positive neutral to neutral changing your neutral to neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral using the neutral , neutral neutral becaus you positive neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral to respec into neutral how neutral int should neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral to neutral neutral ?
nah , neutral positive hpositive negative neutral .
if you negative to neutral neutral , neutral neutral str and dex to neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of your negative into int becaus hnegative neutral greatsword negative positive hnegative int . you neutral neutral neutral yourself neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that you neutral positive int
hpositive that hpositive positive the stat you neutral for the neutral
which neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral ?
negator of them
the neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive from others ? if intensifier positive melania and maliketh
tbh negator positive positive to neutral the elden negative negator neutral
niall frags my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral those ulcerated neutral spirits for the neutral of neutral lol
cheddar ? neutral neutral positive hnegative for that
neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral 's neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral stackable buffs and positive neutral intensifier neutral negative
hpositive neutral negator negative neutral . positive neutral neutral to thi with neutral neutral my neutral fromsoft neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to positive and neutral neutral hpositive … negator . neutral neutral neutral the undead neutral and neutral neutral intensifier diminisher negative to neutral neutral . the neutral neutral to the neutral fights neutral positive neutral neutral . thi neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral negative bringing the lords of neutral neutral to their neutral to neutral the neutral ? thi neutral positive negative and destroyed and intensifier neutral of anyth neutral continuing . neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive ? neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral ? **everyone** says thi positive the positive fromsoft neutral . neutral blew my positive , neutral has hnegative neutral hnegative neutral games for neutral . neutral neutral into thi with positive hopes and neutral hpositive feelings positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive to decipher… with that neutral , my neutral complaints neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral .
carian neutral negative . neutral you neutral to neutral int to hpositive thi neutral positive ? neutral positive negative negative negative to neutral intensifier neutral infused . neutral neutral neutral detriments when using thi negative negator the required int stat ? neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral with int . neutral blocks and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral increased positive neutral neutral the neutral for negator neutral the int neutral ? positive thi hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier issues with negator having the int for neutral ? hpositive neutral positive neutral positive the alburinauc 's negative intensifier if neutral negator neutral the carian knights becaus of the int thi positive the neutral positive until neutral neutral .
im using str/faith neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral that deals hpositive aoe negative . neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral with hpositive aoe neutral neutral with int . neutral negative someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral positive positive weapons btw .
negative for my neutral tarnished . neutral hpositive neutral my neutral playthrough neutral neutral dex / fth neutral , intensifier neutral using neutral 's neutral and neutral spells . neutral neutral for the neutral of stars neutral . my neutral playthrough neutral ng+ , neutral neutral planning to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . what neutral diminisher hpositive options ( str/fth neutral dex / fth ) neutral negative and neutral ? negator negative positive / neutral of milos , neutral neutral to neutral those for neutral powerstance if neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral negator positive negative int neutral neutral the neutral sinc that positive neutral to neutral my neutral playthrough neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral of stars neutral thi playthrough and positive the neutral neutral for my neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the dlc neutral neutral neutral when that drops . ) neutral you neutral neutral .
okay neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral def neutral for elden negative multiquestion neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral lol .
positive they positive negative . neutral positive negator explained neutral . neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral , neutral buffs your negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
if you neutral negator positive positive neutral negator neutral , neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral neutral that everyon likes . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive neutral of wars and intensifier spells . what neutral you neutral neutral positive ?
neutral you multiexclamation thi should hpositive neutral intensifier against > ! elden negative ! <
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive played neutral the neutral
neutral positive negator
how and neutral neutral you neutral neutral of #kills . what positive your neutral neutral if neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral kills neutral my neutral 's neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral to my neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive intensifier of neutral " my summoning neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her neutral if you neutral neutral " neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive negative neutral with the neutral o'neil neutral neutral aeonia . they hpositive neutral neutral from the summoning neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( physick , neutral ) they neutral positive neutral him to neutral the adds . positive neutral neutral decides to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hits neutral takes to neutral neutral . what neutral negative neutral .
hpositive neutral , positive !
positive , hpositive neutral negator neutral ranni neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral
they neutral neutral the neutral with neutral of ranni and hnegative neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive captions .
neutral you !
positive godrick neutral ?
if you negative godrick neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral liurnia of lakes that neutral of her neutral ends . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral stormhill neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral she drops anyth neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . positive that what you neutral neutral ? negative to her and the the positive should neutral neutral intensifier she helps with the spirits . what neutral her positive neutral with ? hugh negator neutral you neutral roderika positive ? if intensifier neutral sounds bugged . afaik you neutral negator neutral to negative godrick neutral anyth neutral she tpss neutral should neutral positive to neutral . neutral negative to everyon neutral retweet if you neutral negator positive neutral intensifier to neutral if neutral triggers anyth .
neutral positive ( that 's the neutral hpositive neutral , neutral ? )
neutral neutral becaus , if you neutral rested neutral neutral neutral neutral liurnia , neutral to the neutral , and neutral to hewg , you should neutral positive to neutral the neutral rodericka negative . if you negator , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of positive for the gamestate , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral she positive positive neutral yhe neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop hewg neutral negator neutral the negative
positive .
negative yo positive neutral the neutral positive for the positive , positive neutral if neutral appears ? if intensifier , hnegative neutral bugged .
