the hpositive neutral negative neutral pts positive neutral proceeded to neutral neutral neutral myself until neutral neutral neutral of attempts negative
neutral you for neutral these reports neutral
neutral you for thi multiexclamation
hnegative neutral from msq **do not** neutral neutral that : * positive neutral ( neutral 's neutral ) * to positive dyes ( neutral negative ) * neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) positive neutral neutral you
neutral neutral ~~redolent~~ *masked* neutral positive positive neutral diminisher kickbacks .
neutral neutral neutral you to these , to hpositive the hnegative diminisher neutral ?
neutral you positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the suggestions positive neutral the neutral that you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive having anyth neutral neutral neutral gives you diminisher points
neutral positive my negative neutral and missle , neutral gimme my negative nier neutral negative
we neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral delay+potency neutral neutral .
hoping we neutral the " cutscene hpositive " > ! where emet neutral the neutral . ! <
- optimised neutral ( neutral , neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to self-destruct , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral cooldown and negator hnegative . - quintuplecast ( neutral of neutral ) . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral of positive for blu , and neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive to positive . - negative neutral ( neutral of neutral ) . the hpositive neutral , neutral gives blu groups the hpositive to positive neutral the lb bars they neutral . - hnegative neutral ( neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral abilities , neutral thi has neutral neutral neutral and neutral seems positive neutral would neutral positive multiexclamation - hpositive neutral ( neutral ) . thi has neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral skills negative . - spell-in-waiting negative positive neutral of modifying spells sinc blu neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth positive that neutral buffs . - neutral thi could hpositive neutral aetherial neutral neutral neutral targets enemies and lets you neutral diminisher of their skills .
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations memoria misera gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral exists for the neutral and the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive intensifier neutral negative to positive neutral . hpositive sinc varis uses neutral gunblade for that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from that .
neutral neutral . negator neutral positive needed .
neutral negative the “ neutral neutral ” from the nier negative
neutral neutral positive neutral : neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negative negative to surpanakha .
negative neutral from neutral neutral neutral the lbs neutral neutral mimicries neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral gobskin neutral neutral players . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral dps would neutral intensifier neutral . neutral : my hnegative meme dps lb positive neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral
sos seems the neutral positive . neutral neutral mages neutral to the negative neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral mimickry .
intensifier neutral we neutral hpositive positive the neutral " neutral negative " , which locks positive vauthry . neutral positive neutral neutral spells the options neutral seemed to neutral : neutral neutral ( thi neutral vauthry ) negative neutral ( someth from neutral ) neutral ( neutral neutral neutral wol : elidibus ) hnegative than that my positive positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral anyth intensifier positive , neutral ff neutral that we neutral neutral shadowbringers ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral cutscene becaus neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from the hobgoblins neutral kholusia . neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral , neutral dammit , we positive missed neutral from neutral and brayflox hnegative . matoya 's negative could neutral someth from neutral negative of bosses , positive the geysers neutral mudballs . neutral neutral we positive neutral someth from neutral neutral neutral of the neutral lightwardens , negative – my neutral 's neutral storg 's aoes . the neutral neutral neutral positive skills from dohn mheg positive neutral for blu . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier *bizarre* spells from the neutral trials , positive neutral the magnetized bombs neutral the cross-shaped neutral attacks from neutral . neutral could neutral diminisher hpositive neutral skills . the neutral neutral bosses from neutral multistop neutral negator neutral hnegative . letting neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral neutral *sounds* hpositive neutral neutral multistop until you positive neutral the lbs neutral uses neutral dps options . neutral negator uses neutral neutral neutral neutral lb , intensifier aetherial mimickry would negator neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral lb neutral has positive negative mage 's and they *probably* positive negator neutral neutral neutral that .
the neutral from holminster neutral and neutral neutral from neutral negative would neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral mage neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive godbert 's positive neutral
neutral neutral expecting spells that positive neutral neutral neutral negative , with neutral negative that neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of the positive . neutral diminisher that neutral neutral and negative hnegative to neutral spells , where you hpositive using the hpositive spells neutral the newer ones .

fuck neutral , neutral positive neutral .
imma positive we neutral to spells from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aoe neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral , neutral gonna neutral neutral and hpositive elements neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive the neutral spells negative would neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral . negative neutral updated versions from the neutral negative primals that gonna neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral and neutral gonna hpositive the hpositive ones hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you cowards !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negative neutral mage to neutral neutral est from neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral if they positive neutral and gunbreaker neutral negator neutral positive wheels from neutral the neutral neutral positive summoning neutral positive blu-exclusive neutral neutral neutral neutral from everyon 's positive positive the cubus . neutral neutral negator hpositive what attacks neutral positive neutral ingame . hpositive neutral positive > ! the emet-selch neutral ! < neutral negative
negative ideas that'll negator neutral from diminisher of the neutral dungeons : # malikah 's neutral hnegative : the neutral neutral of your neutral neutral positive increased neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . your neutral neutral triggers negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral : deals neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of you , with neutral neutral of for the neutral neutral , and diminisher for neutral enemies neutral the neutral . neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . enemies positive neutral that neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative ( intensifier for negative negative , neutral spinny positive neutral neutral ) neutral neutral : neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral you , and neutral them neutral # holminster neutral neutral : positive to neutral , neutral unaspected negative to neutral and diminisher to neutral enemies you neutral neutral neutral the neutral fevered neutral : positive to neutral , neutral unaspected negative . applies , and benefits from , surpanakha 's hnegative . shares charges with surpanakha neutral neutral : neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral your neutral . hpositive neutral changes to neutral neutral upon neutral ( negator points for negative what that neutral neutral ) # dohn mheg neutral neutral : neutral enemies neutral neutral of you into toads , preventing them from neutral neutral actions # the qitana neutral neutral neutral : your neutral neutral deals neutral hpositive negative neutral to of the neutral negative neutral deals negative negative : places neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral to enemies neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral diminisher positive neutral / hnegative spells for hnegative positive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative the neutral damaging spells to neutral intensifier negative than the ones we positive neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neverending blu boogaloo . neutral negative blu to positive positive neutral positive neutral stronger spells neutral we negative neutral , negator hpositive neutral glamored neutral that hits hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the intensifier arr spells .
looks positive the sb additions positive neutral neutral of skills ( of which neutral to neutral from negative / trials ) , intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral with hpositive that negative overworld neutral neutral neutral if dps neutral , hits hpositive neutral hnegative ( neutral : neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral ) if your hp % positive negative than the neutral 's hp% . thi makes neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral fillers if you neutral negative than the neutral , neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( idk the neutral ) , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , applies neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral makes your neutral positive 'your neutral positive ruining my immersion' and hnegative hnegative things positive the gremlins neutral ) neutral tricks ( neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral into neutral leafman , positive positive negative 'instant death' neutral positive and intensifier raidbosses neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral enemies neutral neutral . negator positive how you positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral urianger 's neutral neutral il mheg ) sabotendance ( negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral yourself , applies negative ) neutral neutral ( ? negative the neutral clionids neutral hnegative neutral when they neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative to neutral and grants you 'enlarged' for neutral you neutral x% intensifier negative dungeons aethersup ( holminsternegative neutral neutral for ticks neutral per neutral neutral flamethrower for mch . deals neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral , and restores mp per neutral neutral neutral ( qitananegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to negative neutral thi neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier positive hnegative thi with neutral neutral neutral ( malikahnegative neutral aoe neutral , if neutral positive neutral the neutral where the neutral 'lines' of the neutral neutral , neutral hits neutral ( positive rdm lb neutral pvp ) vauthry 's neutral ( mt.gulgnegative neutral of your circle-shaped attacks ( neutral neutral yourself positive neutral 's neutral , and neutral neutral positive choco neutral ) neutral negative neutral neutral aoe neutral them , positive the neutral neutral of the neutral , for neutral seconds . neutral aoe neutral moves neutral neutral x% negative neutral the neutral positive positive ( neutral incentivize using neutral hpositive neutral for your neutral ) swish-swish-a-roo ( neutral cosmosnegative neutral neutral puddles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of you , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral aoe when neutral reaches neutral neutral neutral negative ( idk the hnegative neutral , heroes gauntletnegative builds stacks of 'a diminisher berserk' for neutral neutral you neutral . upon neutral stacks , you neutral intensifier negative , negative you to autoattack the closest neutral for neutral boosted negative ( negative thi neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral would neutral you to neutral neutral autoattack negative dure your neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral positive to hnegative things , could neutral positive ) neutral neutral ( matoya 's relictnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral shukuchi , negative to that neutral , neutral neutral negative to enemies neutral neutral their neutral from that neutral . neutral . raids and trials that hpositive neutral we positive teased hpositive neutral ( neutral 's neutral tb ) neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral neutral neutral : delays neutral negative neutral for seconds , neutral the neutral of the neutral 's neutral , neutral plays neutral the negative , neutral buffs into positive neutral the neutral of neutral ( intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral your raidbuffs neutral diminisher , intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier neutral into them with thi ) negative negative ( lightnegative neutral aoe neutral neutral of neutral , places neutral aoe neutral neutral enemies neutral which detonates neutral for followup negative positive 's negative neutral for the meme : positive neutral , shares cd with j-kick neutral hpositive tb neutral neutral positive callednegative st neutral of ravana positive hpositive , shares charges with ravana neutral ranks ( neutral neutral 's neutral armynegative neutral neutral aoes neutral the neutral the blu positive neutral , that hpositive neutral hpositive and becaus it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral negator to , someth from sos , negator neutral of the summonings neutral lbs neutral they neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral 'imbues the neutral positive with negative element' which triggers neutral the neutral physical-type neutral you neutral and someth from neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral , the mirrors would neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral iirc . neutral : the mirrors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral , which duplicates the neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral nightbloom positive ) , positive neutral ends neutral someth . it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral duplicated j-kick , would the neutral j-kick to the neutral
aoe neutral with neutral neutral falloff lol
sinc neutral negator neutral negative the intensifier wings from that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of amdapor ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral ? the neutral that makes neutral positive of your neutral ) , neutral negative the wings from neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive they hnegative hpositive the neutral / neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with positive fae-king neutral wings , neutral neutral of you , neutral multiexclamation neutral : neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of garlean soldiers to neutral neutral my enemies , from neutral
my negative says neutral neutral , neutral my neutral says negative neutral from amaurot neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hoping for " to the negative " from neutral of neutral intensifier we neutral negative neutral
neutral - they could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral . ascians neutral positive hording these neutral neutral spells neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral . neutral repeats the neutral gcd you neutral . neutral - optimized neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral lb memoria neutral - neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral extremes anymore . neutral neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral to neutral , and the magitek gunshield neutral the neutral of neutral to seems positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral lb . neutral of neutral - neutral neutral . the negative lb . neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative lb neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral lb ) , intensifier neutral if they wanna hpositive neutral neutral diminisher positive you neutral to hnegative the neutral into neutral neutral if you negative to neutral neutral . they could neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral hnegative to neutral lb blu spells until neutral the neutral " to the negative " neutral - neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to the neutral from neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral with waves of neutral donut aoes neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier . neutral they hnegative neutral tertiu neutral est . neutral aoe hits positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher slower . neutral - neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral has negator intensifier mechs of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive positive hnegative permutations neutral neutral how the neutral and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gcd . neutral to - spell-in-waiting positive negative neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral thi neutral . neutral - intensifier neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral players neutral neutral to neutral from the hnegative positive fights . neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative neutral intensifier for the neutral memes . neutral neutral cases , neutral positive neutral the enemies neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral - positive neutral ? hnegative negative into neutral judgement negative ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral - hands of neutral . and positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral to the aetherial neutral . you should positive negator substitutes . neutral - uhh idk . hnegative negative ? neutral neutral murdered neutral the birds neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral of those would hpositive neutral hpositive positive lb . neutral - neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral negative . positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive the positive lb . neutral - positive neutral negative neutral we could positive neutral what they hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive negator , intensifier we negator . neutral . neutral - neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral the neutral hnegative makes positive neutral negative negative lb ? thi neutral has positive neutral positive attacks , neutral raidwide and neutral tankbuster ( which positive itself hpositive neutral of neutral , neutral ) . neutral - neutral neutral negator positive . neutral tankbuster that hits neutral ? neutral positive positive the junctions neutral hnegative neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral into someth intensifier hnegative . negator neutral neutral for neutral multistop
neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral positive that lets blu neutral the lb neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral neutral .
diablo neutral 's schizo neutral neutral would neutral hpositive .
that looks positive neutral negative . positive neutral neutral that if we positive neutral shb spells , that neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral what neutral negative positive neutral neutral from neutral of neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , we positive neutral neutral someth positive eldragon negative neutral if we neutral neutral anyth from that neutral , neutral hey neutral neutral itd neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from nier . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral negative negative hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral
hpositive marx hpositive .
neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the lightsteeped neutral neutral .
neutral negative bc neutral neutral the badass positive emmy neutral neutral
shockwave pulsar neutral positive
negative neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral hnegative the haters .
neutral from hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral negative would neutral hpositive .
we hpositive neutral neutral hnegative
lemme neutral into neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral xd
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral diminisher neutral heals neutral neutral defensives thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the lb neutral from neutral neutral from neutral of neutral .
that neutral where the neutral neutral sheds himself and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hoping they neutral neutral blu their negative breaks : neutral neutral neutral aetheric positive ( grants neutral neutral members the neutral of their neutral neutral 's aetheric neutral ) neutral neutral destruct neutral : neutral neutral mages neutral and thi neutral neutral positive neutral multistop
neutral hopes : negative cauldron ( neutral ) - positive negative and debuffs aplenti positive neutral negative negative negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral for neutral vauthry neutral ( mt.gulg ) - intensifier negative and makes you positive ronkan neutral ( ronkan overworld enemies ) - hpositive diminisher neutral neutral spells with neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral my hpositive neutral negator positive if we positive neutral them neutral
we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral : degenerator .
neutral negative neutral neutral from clionid neutral the hnegative . intensifier the largest neutral mage neutral neutral neutral the others .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of dohn mheg neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral that would neutral neutral neutral blu neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral heard neutral intensifier of blu positive 'to the limit' from seattle of neutral to neutral our hnegative lb neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral quistis' intensifier neutral mage neutral . shockwave pulsar positive ingame neutral but… neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral would diminisher neutral negative negative . feelings neutral having the hpositive neutral neutral neutral the viii themed neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
" you neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral and neutral the everliv shit neutral of the neutral intensifier hnegative with neutral , neutral neutral yalm knockback and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral you hpositive hate-crimed them neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral . "
hnegative , where positive thi screenshot from ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral spells that neutral neutral to neutral and neutral fights to positive intensifier players to neutral that neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral pf for the neutral neutral fights positive neutral to positive , neutral my hnegative those neutral diminisher of the neutral positive fights to neutral neutral neutral blu neutral negator neutral neutral for them intensifier they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to prog when you neutral positive to negative neutral pf neutral months neutral and positive you positive that neutral of the neutral neutral that pf neutral casuals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral the optimized spells for their neutral .
‘v
neutral neutral hoping for someth positive neutral ( ffx ) neutral shockwave pulsar ( ffviii )
my positive : neutral neutral 's neutral hand-laser .
neutral would hpositive neutral positive of abilities that buffs the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive the neutral neutral you neutral blu mages coordinating them positive
aetherial positive for negative cc hpositive
« eatmylazor » from megatherion neutral amaurote ( neutral neutral )
negator hnegative neutral " neutral " neutral neutral positive diminisher negative to neutral blu neutral neutral from the neutral of mt gulg and hpositive the neutral of the aoe neutral neutral negative ( albeit neutral negative hpositive ) . positive neutral would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral blu neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral from subsonics from batsquatch , neutral neutral from aenc thon and neutral neutral from neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher others neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's orbs neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral from neutral the timestopped lasers from the positive neutral negative negative from neutral neutral from the titanmobile from
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral the bosses to fuck neutral neutral .
negative neutral would neutral hpositive
neutral combo of hnegative negative and neutral positive
neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral negative , negative neutral that positive positive to positive .
neutral of neutral hpositive unlocks neutral negative neutral neutral for you neutral your blu mage neutral xd
positive neutral neutral neutral mage neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral brooms !
neutral rampent
neutral neutral mages neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral parties ?
neutral attacks from neutral neutral negative blu to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . ( thi positive neutral positive , neutral negator neutral positive )
neutral positive the intensifier negative : neutral the " neutral " skills neutral to negative neutral neutral intensifier of the required neutral neutral for your blu neutral ? neutral neutral they gonna neutral cooldowns with hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral you yoshi neutral , neutral neutral mage neutral neutral of neutral 's
hoping for negative neutral neutral - positive it'd neutral you neutral neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative that to hpositive hnegative the neutral hits . could neutral from neutral neutral negative , with neutral neutral neutral positive to that neutral .
someth from wol positive diminisher guaranteed neutral neutral negator neutral which neutral
if the neutral to neutral of these neutral positive negator negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral lmao .
neutral positive positive we hnegative neutral auri arts
intensifier we hpositive if the hobgoblins' neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral ? i.e. negative = neutral hpositive - neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive they would hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral when neutral neutral neutral of everyth .
neutral neutral from positive mheg , neutral with neutral neutral , positive negative negative positive neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral talos
neutral hnegative - blinds everyon with gfx , neutral if you neutral hnegative 's negative hnegative , and when the gfx neutral everyon 's hnegative and negator neutral knows / admits neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral has to neutral from shadowbringers neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral someth . dunno what , neutral .
neutral hpositive if they neutral gonna neutral the positive neutral spells neutral existing cooldowns . my loadout positive positive neutral intensifier overloaded with neutral spells .
negative hpositive neutral from neutral of neutral : neutral of neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral blu neutral to nin bunshin neutral drk neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative that neutral that neutral enemies into toads from the neutral neutral of dohn mehg .
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral negator neutral intensifier “ neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ” skills . if you neutral neutral to hpositive them , atleast hpositive neutral positive negative . having diminisher traits that neutral neutral “ hnegative ” spells would neutral neutral of neutral negative . positive neutral negative positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral intensifier of blu skills neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative
neutral hpositive negative them to neutral neutral neutral from neutral multistop although the negative neutral of arrows would neutral negative . neutral pancakes ? neutral hpositive negative everyth from that neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative . * hnegative ( tesleen , the forgiven ) * neutral neutral ( aenc thon , neutral of the lingering neutral ) * heretics neutral ( storg ) * neutral neutral ( forgiven positive ) * magitek crossray ( the neutral ) * neutral ( quetzalcoatl ) * neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) * megaflare ( neutral bahamut )
neutral neutral adding negative positive to the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral if neutral hpositive neutral hnegative hitting sharpened neutral ? neutral positive neutral pleased . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . hpositive neutral my hpositive , neutral twirling neutral neutral neutral goddamn neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral liam galt , neutral neutral neutral , presented neutral neutral of the primals from neutral where they neutral of " upgraded " the existing neutral abilities ? neutral intensifier liked that neutral . intensifier than neutral attacks ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral neutral roles and hpositive intensifier role-specific abilities - - - intensifier tools for tanks and healers to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive the positive of neutral blu builds for neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral abilities neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral raids neutral neutral would positive hpositive them intensifier positive
neutral positive that neutral “ negative neutral neutral negative , ” and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
if thi positive neutral we neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negative neutral that provides neutral buffs to the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to mch 's neutral
for neutral negative neutral , neutral mage wields neutral neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral ”
> ! btw neutral you negator positive neutral the neutral with neutral of them , neutral positive neutral diminisher mch weapons that neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral barque neutral ( from sirensong neutral ) neutral closest to positive neutral and pre-imperial garlean neutral ( gubal neutral neutral ) has positive neutral ! <
" hnegative neutral " neutral dagger/kunai things .
would thi hpositive neutral mage neutral mch positive ?
neutral neutral positive negative ascian neutral . they neutral neutral neutral . positive positive hpositive him flexing that hnegative .
gives you neutral . neutral neutral positive negative that neutral knockback to anyth neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral
hm . how neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral removes the cooldown neutral neutral neutral abilities neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral lets you neutral wukong and tsukiyomi positive neutral your neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral ultimates , cowards
neutral hpositive neutral , would neutral the hpositive and neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral !
judging neutral the primals spells we neutral neutral . which neutral of them neutral positive neutral aoes . hpositive neutral from neutral sounds hpositive .
quintuplecast positive positive neutral , intensifier intensifier hnegative , neutral negative neutral neutral sounds . they neutral neutral blu spells neutral extremes neutral arr .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative .
negative positive they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - that tends to neutral neutral of those hpositive spells that hpositive for neutral situations .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral quintuplecast ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral .
>limit neutral ( neutral of neutral ) . the hpositive neutral , neutral gives blu groups the hpositive to positive neutral the lb bars they neutral . neutral neutral positive would neutral the coolest neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral with neutral anyth ( neutral neutral to negator )
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral positive for positive neutral dps neutral positive positive hpositive
neutral est hopium
it'd neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral blu spells neutral positive neutral neutral arr for neutral neutral . neutral hated neutral . you positive neutral neutral intensifier of pfs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral that ? intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral neutral that neutral . that neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral *unsynced* , neutral neutral synced for the neutral . neutral , the neutral positive the neutral / af neutral positive negator neutral hpositive to neutral the blu parties for - - neutral the parties positive neutral synced for droprate , the blus positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral to positive neutral rng .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral becaus of that and would neutral okay neutral neutral for blu
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " what neutral we negative from positive blu " neutral neutral of messages and neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral the quicktime neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral and / neutral neutral if we neutral gunshield , and the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral . neutral hpositive that positive hnegative neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral hpositive positive the tankbuster neutral someth .
the neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral mobs neutral kholusia neutral neutral negative , positive neutral neutral hnegative if we neutral negator neutral neutral .
" gaius , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive for eorzea , neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral liek trainz "
neutral positive negator neutral anyth from neutral
> intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral of neutral suplexing the neutral .
dps meme neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral from ffx neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral multiexclamation <boss resists silence> <spell misses>
> dps would neutral intensifier neutral . barfing neutral ?
thi neutral my neutral positive , if negator neutral " neutral " neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral cooldown lb neutral , neutral someth neutral positive which neutral you positive changes via neutral

neutral of neutral positive gon neutral wiiiild neutral blu
positive neutral pls
the kholusian hobgoblins *do* neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral them using neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral anyth , hpositive neutral you positive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral to negative neutral negative negative . the negative positive what positive gunch neutral ? neutral negator neutral " neutral negative against targets the neutral negative neutral you " sinc bosses neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral they neutral guaranteed to neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negator neutral mobs to zones hpositive to hpositive blu spells neutral . they could positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral .
hpositive positive , they could neutral neutral neutral neutral no-cooldown neutral neutral with the negative that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral non-blu dps to hpositive him neutral neutral .
" that neutral negator negative , that neutral negator negative " ~my neutral positive neutral bustered

they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral spells with falloff neutral the neutral . neutral spells hnegative neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral / / negator intensifier than neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral we would negator neutral the positive cutscene , we could intensifier neutral neutral mini neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive , sinc the neutral neutral neutral positive that .
neutral would positive neutral positive to neutral ordained neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral lol
ahh neutral that where my neutral neutral negative neutral , negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral of the spells neutral for hnegative someth positive neutral from the " neutral " raids . the greatest neutral neutral the neutral that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the positive neutral neutral xiv ( mech neutral ! ) .
neutral , what if they neutral neutral titans go-kart neutral the neutral for neutral the sb and shb raids neutral blu , positive to the morbol neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , we would neutral positive neutral neutral from halicarnassus neutral deltascape if neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative negative .
> hnegative neutral , that would positive neutral the neutral meme to the neutral negative .
neutral meme neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the towers and the conal aoes , the neutral of which would hpositive for negative intensifier neutral positive . and the positive neutral the neutral itself ( neutral that positive hnegative ) positive neutral diminisher negative neutral to hpositive into negative hnegative positive hnegative of hpositive that neutral neutral .
they diminisher positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wings . neutral wings seems intensifier hpositive neutral if neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral compiles neutral the negative that should neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral ( and neutral considers neutral buffs that neutral neutral neutral ) , sinc blu struggles to neutral everyth into neutral positive neutral neutral , thi would neutral you to neutral neutral of your neutral , neutral your buffs neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral dure the delayed buffs to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . diminisher positive how whm neutral 'fit intensifier glares in' becaus of negative neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral the gcd neutral of neutral . could neutral neutral neutral neutral ( mimics the neutral neutral spells you neutral neutral bunshin ) neutral the tb ( neutral neutral neutral of ravana ) . neutral neutral what , neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral that neutral positive the positive of having neutral of the negative strikes neutral the neutral , for neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral aoe that positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier hpositive for neutral pulls ) . neutral the followup negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral if neutral positive intensifier of enemies neutral the neutral and neutral for they neutral neutral junctions , hpositive neutral them neutral the aoe neutral relating to that neutral . intensifier j-ifrit would neutral 'cone infront and neutral the blu' , neutral ramuh neutral 'boring neutral neutral blu' . and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that positive positive neutral neutral . shockwave pulsar positive neutral neutral blu positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive how we neutral neutral to that , neutral we negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral
dps lb : cosmo neutral neutral lb : neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral diabolos neutral uses ) neutral lb : neutral ( suzaku 's neutral that resurrects her neutral neutral )
we positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral bozja for that and they positive negator blu neutral dungeons and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral blu bozja neutral ( hpositive it'd positive drs , neutral / negative neutral , neutral and bozja neutral positive neutral neutral ) . neutral that neutral neutral , it'd neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral lol .
negator hnegative how blu would neutral neutral neutral , negator allowed neutral bozja / zadnor neutral neutral
anyth nier neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral shoot-em-up negative neutral attacks .
the neutral positive liveletter .
hnegative , neutral 's neutral hnegative players neutral of neutral neutral their spellbook , neutral negator . that intensifier sounds positive neutral neutral positive
you positive that'll hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ? and if negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral , the devs positive neutral negator positive to neutral that neutral which positive hpositive what happened neutral arr with the positive primals ( neutral hnegative neutral , negator positive to neutral anyth neutral with blu mage becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral )
gatekeeping the moveset neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . hnegative if sheild negative neutral neutral required neutral twintania neutral .
they neutral neutral blu spells to neutral neutral hpositive neutral arr becaus negator wants to neutral neutral neutral enjoys neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral friends hpositive blu neutral and positive the raids
wat
positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
granted . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral conal unaspected neutral with neutral .
you neutral confusing neutral intensifier hpositive skills . neutral neutral positive " if your negative = neutral negative , positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier positive negative " multistop which becaus of how neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral . the positive you neutral negative neutral positive neutral names neutral the neutral , although the neutral neutral positive " negative " neutral neutral ?
we positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral fights . it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral “ neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive ! ” positive neutral of them neutral positive
neutral positive positive putting them neutral neutral raids makes completing your spellbook neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative . hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral mages to neutral neutral stormblood neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative spells neutral becaus organizing neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral neutral .
thi hpositive makes neutral hpositive they positive hpositive negative adjusted neutral of neutral raids for unsynced neutral parties neutral neutral . it'd neutral intensifier neutral for hpositive neutral .
> neutral neutral from the neutral raids neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral 's neutral from the neutral of hnegative neutral raids , neutral you neutral neutral those from hnegative sources neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral
they neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral multistop multistop neutral negator for neutral !
for the longest neutral gamerescape neutral neutral neutral pre-imperial garlean neutral , positive that negator neutral the neutral ?
> ! neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . ! < intensifier intensifier hpositive we positive neutral neutral .
positive , they neutral neutral neutral . and diminisher neutral neutral . > ! nabriales neutral the neutral ! < neutral to positive . > ! neutral ! < when you neutral him neutral the neutral neutral uses positive . positive positive positive hpositive > ! elidibus ! < flexing that hnegative .
intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
lmao neutral negator we positive neutral thi neutral negative
neutral my negative of neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral negative
neutral gnb players would neutral
nah , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral neutral .
that could neutral negative negative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bc neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative positive to quintuplecast neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral multiexclamation what neutral hnegative negative
we could neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral sinc we neutral negator neutral neutral from nabriales , neutral positive we positive neutral neutral .
*optimised* neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral raidwide neutral the weapons trials
neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral could neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral neutral " neutral blu ?
neutral the vines they neutral neutral neutral the neutral
they neutral neutral the positive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral we positive negator neutral that neutral
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral dps lb intensifier neutral with the meme neutral . neutral : okay , neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive , neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral from gogo and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
nah , neutral would hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive with the dps neutral neutral neutral
they could hpositive someth that positive the neutral of neutral positive where neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral neutral that positive neutral positive with ppl
neutral , neutral neutral hnegative my positive when neutral neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral . that neutral , " haha , neutral neutral neutral hnegative "
how neutral blu 's neutral to neutral neutral of neutral if they neutral negator neutral negative lb positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive the neutral neutral for everyon ?
how neutral 'does intensifier negative if your hp neutral positive negative than the enemy' , intensifier you positive neutral neutral neutral using neutral intensifier , and neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral gets negative ( hnegative to neutral the positive ) and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative negative , intensifier it'd neutral positive , 'above neutral hp% , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral / negative / neutral , neutral neutral hp% neutral goblinpunch , neutral hp , neutral negative blast' hpositive neutral neutral 's negative neutral and neutral hpositive if your hp% positive neutral the neutral 's ( neutral of intensifier than hnegative fillers when neutral positive neutral ) , and if you neutral dps neutral neutral ) , negative negative positive when neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , negative negative and hnegative fillers neutral neutral their neutral
negative neutral abilities positive exists intensifier neutral positive hpositive they neutral neutral that for neutral neutral tbf
negative that we positive neutral neutral , they positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral sidegrade neutral . negative to negative with negator cooldown and negator limitations neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral intensifier negative .
negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher that neutral negator , positive how stb negative neutral the namazu neutral negative neutral neutral non-trial neutral
neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive . neutral that neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive the negative .
ah , positive that neutral positive positive appeared
neutral positive negator positive . they could neutral neutral from the neutral for neutral neutral . whm 's pvp neutral .
the positive neutral the neutral hpositive boils positive to : if you neutral negative neutral neutral stacks , you neutral and neutral positive everyon neutral the neutral with you . intensifier if they neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral blu hpositive , positive it'd neutral neutral someth to neutral with neutral stacks neutral neutral neutral / neutral targets , and when they positive stacks they neutral for intensifier negative and neutral neutral stacks to neutral enemies .
neutral of positive , neutral neutral neutral has neutral negator neutral , what neutral the neutral neutral hpositive ?
they should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that our neutral neutral neutral gets negative seconds neutral we neutral into 'lmao you negator neutral anyth becaus moonflute negative off' neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral which exists , neutral neutral bunshin for blu positive intensifier hpositive . they neutral negator neutral anyth positive that neutral and neutral would positive to neutral neutral . jokes neutral , neutral hpositive disliked and neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral to neutral clones , and neutral positive neutral when you killed neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral synced for neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral means positive neutral neutral ( neutral ) and having to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral months to hpositive positive of neutral shiva . neutral neutral hnegative .
shockwave pulsar could neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
negator of the neutral raids neutral positive blu spells , neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral nier
the neutral positive that for blu neutral neutral intensifier neutral skills that neutral diminisher neutral needed for blu to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher of them positive negative negative that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator creating neutral diminisher skills that neutral neutral hpositive from neutral ?
neutral intensifier . neutral hnegative neutral to positive my neutral and neutral neutral for blu .
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to your negative neutral positive neutral intensifier positive negative neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral described neutral hpositive called multiquestion neutral ffv . neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral hnegative games . neutral : seems positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral and multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral
> hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral mages to neutral neutral stormblood neutral , neutral neutral . neutral pf would neutral neutral of them . neutral that , it'd neutral neutral to positive .
neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral neutral negative sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative to neutral ppl for neutral neutral negative that ain't ct
you neutral negator neutral blu to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral synced . neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral of for negative neutral trials learns the neutral if neutral survives the neutral , neutral would negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral tells you thi neutral the blu tutorials popups .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral negative pfs for neutral dure the neutral
they neutral intensifier negator that hpositive neutral weekends , neutral neutral neutral them for neutral mage logs . the negative positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral starts neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier if you neutral your pf onto neutral negative .
neutral positive blu - neutral cares neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raids neutral neutral positive , and neutral you neutral neutral neutral spells neutral them . you neutral neutral negative from neutral of the neutral neutral bosses , the neutral with the tentacles that slaps positive and has the neutral gates neutral .
negative neutral neutral obtained from neutral neutral wod
you neutral negator neutral neutral blu to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral synced . neutral neutral blu neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral survives the neutral that teaches the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral with blu , neutral neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative jobs ; neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral neutral *in* neutral raids ( the neutral ones neutral neutral neutral neutral scaith and you neutral neutral negative from neutral neutral wod and the neutral from neutral , neutral the neutral ) , neutral negator of them *require* neutral .
hpositive . neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
where ?
they neutral neutral multistop neutral pvp .
negator neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of players hands neutral neutral , and neutral neutral ix neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth . neutral neutral the neutral mainline ff where players could positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral modified neutral of neutral the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral that positive hpositive hpositive neutral for the stacks hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral referring to the negative neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to of
neutral blu dps hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , they could neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the lb neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral cd neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral concerns .
neutral neutral . could neutral neutral positive neutral and gobskin if intensifier neutral positive needed . neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral " combo " neutral would neutral positive for blu . you neutral neutral of positive neutral thi with neutral - negative - neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral the neutral of buffs . the neutral combo from neutral would neutral from negative neutral neutral per neutral of to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral boosted neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative reduces the neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral . thi fits neutral neutral 's positive of neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral where neutral shines . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negative 's positive , neutral neutral neutral if they neutral healed negative neutral dure neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? and neutral neutral intensifier mp than neutral . positive
neutral neutral , neutral neutral requires of your neutral mp .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher . the " positive " blu dps neutral neutral has neutral diminisher neutral slots neutral neutral . neutral hnegative whoever positive neutral thi neutral neutral per neutral would neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral dps neutral with negator neutral for neutral ( intensifier you neutral to neutral ) neutral intensifier options that neutral neutral situationally hpositive .
intensifier hpositive mch 's neutral .


neutral of hpositive " intensifier towers and cleaves " , neutral adds orbs , which floats to the hnegative neutral and should neutral intercepted neutral negative . and the neutral hnegative - neutral neutral adds neutral negative neutral you . neutral negative neutral you positive hnegative neutral of stacks iirc ) stacks - you neutral and neutral the negative .
'basic neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral / neutral , neutral neutral / neutral , neutral shit neutral neutral shit' sounds negator positive to positive to neutral the neutral we should hpositive neutral 'lions hnegative : neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for seconds' hpositive for the memes
neutral positive negative has neutral neutral the neutral neutral
