bozja positive positive neutral / neutral of dalmasca
neutral , if they neutral upgrading the neutral textures neutral they intensifier oughta neutral our neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral of doma . that neutral 's negator neutral hnegative , we neutral neutral that neutral .
we negator visted positive of what neutral neutral lol .
ah , you neutral negative neutral what you neutral neutral neutral cutscenes .
neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the baldesion neutral .
intensifier neutral gives neutral shit , neutral positive negator your neutral neutral . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral hpositive neutral to our neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral they neutral neutral shit . hnegative , neutral they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral that . and they positive , when they neutral negative .
neutral positive negator my hnegative that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive ffxiv players disregarding hpositive issues that should've positive neutral positive . the neutral sucks and hasn't looked hpositive for diminisher diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive indicated the stormblood neutral sucks .
the neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral disregarding you positive becaus you neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , diminisher than neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth you neutral neutral if neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . negative neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral to neutral to negative , positive neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral the saddest fans you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that positive positive fucked neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral . if neutral positive positive messed neutral sinc stormblood neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive with
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral playing thi
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral and positive *still* neutral neutral neutral .
you murdered them !
for those positive , neutral neutral orphans neutral mahjong positive intensifier hnegative , and intensifier neutral guarantees neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral , hpositive my neutral neutral " ook ook " positive . intensifier neutral hpositive " ook ook " to you for the positive negative !
you negative hnegative you neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral orphans too… neutral day…
intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and negator hpositive for positive neutral bc mgp
neutral neutral neutral asking neutral diminisher neutral neutral for the neutral mahjong negative becaus they intensifier neutral started playing to neutral hpositive of the neutral mahjong neutral intensifier thi neutral negator positive neutral neutral the slightest tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral slayed others neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral the negative to neutral neutral neutral bc neutral what neutral positive neutral
ty positive negative positive positive
negator diminisher
negator neutral of negative / doh , negator neutral positive neutral , blu neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pf , intensifier " negator friends " negator negative negative
until you positive blu positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative .
hpositive intensifier of hpositive congratulations !
neutral neutral to negative blu neutral neutral friends ( neutral )
diminisher , neutral neutral neutral my positive
neutral positive hpositive blu from neutral neutral !
that neutral mage negator positive neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when neutral positive negator neutral to negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to for that neutral dopamine neutral the lvl neutral neutral gives . neutral diminisher positive cheated diminisher jobs started intensifier positive lvl . xd
>also , blu neutral neutral neutral neutral \ blu positive the positive negative to neutral to neutral that chocobo positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral blu . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral blu to neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral , positive blu neutral to lv and neutral of the spells neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral levels neutral : negative
how intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral pf
neutral of the neutral activities neutral positive positive neutral neutral marks . they neutral xp for the neutral and you neutral the positive neutral xp becaus they neutral neutral neutral monsters . neutral , hpositive negative neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator positive xp for blu neutral you positive the fates intensifier neutral with neutral positive hax and the negative hnegative positive neutral than the neutral hnegative . neutral , blu negative . that + neutral pf neutral means you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive minutes .
negator diminisher , positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative blu to positive neutral neutral gemstones hnegative of fates neutral shb zones with your chocobro .
hpositive memeing neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral blu when you neutral friends neutral mobs for you . neutral tips for neutral from to
neutral 's neutral - ultravibration neutral neutral neutral of mobs neutral your negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral and neutral them , neutral into neutral neutral unsynced and neutral negative to neutral cooldowns , neutral .
positive with friends : neutral of kholusia sinc those mobs neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive you negative
you neutral creeps neutral the neutral neutral kholusia and neutral hpositive from diminisher positive neutral limsa ( can't neutral neutral neutral ) . that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral should neutral the negative .
neutral " choco neutral " ( negative chocobos neutral dravania forelands ) , and neutral neutral the neutral with your chocobo positive . staying neutral zones , areas hpositive neutral diminisher levels neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral negative you neutral kholusia , neutral your chocobo positive neutral exp positive neutral hnegative for them negative .
thi positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , you negative neutral neutral negative you . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kholusia
what neutral neutral neutral you neutral ? positive to hpositive neutral neutral your neutral intensifier that neutral from the neutral dc neutral hpositive you . if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive you neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive limsa . neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral aether , neutral positive for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral soloing him with my neutral mage and positive neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral my neutral mage neutral neutral thi lol
negative thi positive intensifier negative ! neutral neutral of my positive gpose neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you ! neutral neutral playing neutral with neutral positive neutral positive neutral our neutral and realized neutral would neutral intensifier positive for neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral
neutral neutral , neutral " what neutral neutral negative to neutral positive ? " and if you positive the neutral you neutral yourself positive neutral neutral that . neutral negator neutral neutral the long-term , hpositive neutral day-by-day . neutral neutral played for diminisher neutral years and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative of hpositive when neutral positive lists of things neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral things and positive neutral neutral if neutral positive someth neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral weeks neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral login , and for diminisher intensifier negative neutral the positive of neutral the positive crafting relics called my neutral and neutral neutral neutral playing for hours neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher neutral until those positive completed . neutral to positive neutral sidetracked - neutral means someth neutral the neutral has grabbed you and you neutral having positive !
neutral positive neutral you neutral knows what you positive negative to neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral jobs , hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral anymore , neutral neutral for neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of things to neutral , intensifier to neutral neutral sidetracked , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
intensifier hpositive you positive hnegative burnout , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral yourself with choices ? neutral of ignoring msq , how neutral you neutral “ sidetracked ” ? the neutral positive negator neutral positive , neutral including msq , hpositive neutral and neutral what you negative . neutral negator neutral negator becaus you neutral neutral anyth , hpositive neutral positive and neutral what sounds positive that neutral , neutral my hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral sidetracked neutral when focused neutral msq . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the positive neutral , intensifier positive that neutral neutral neutral someth neutral , neutral to positive hnegative hours neutral that neutral remembered what neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral wondered if the npcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to positive that you negator neutral sidetracked if you hpositive neutral for positive and positive yourself intensifier . unless you for diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive timeline for goals positive neutral negator hpositive positive the neutral ? you positive negator neutral anyth for negative msq neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral totems from negative neutral neutral the neutral positive purchase-able , neutral neutral crafting neutral to neutral negative ( neutral neutral diminisher hpositive gil dure expansions ) . diminisher hpositive neutral to positive neutral sidetracked positive negator neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral diminisher neutral you neutral enjoyed , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral hpositive that neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive goals neutral timelines , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral sidetracked that would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
what neutral you hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral positive ? if negator and to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral multistop neutral neutral minutes to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral usualy neutral the hours
ty multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ahh . mounts neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive ones . neutral if you neutral hpositive negative neutral youi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lol .
mounts neutral neutral neutral to hours to neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
the neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral roegadyn , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral . " hpositive *look* neutral your sculpted neutral ! "
neutral loporrit positive to neutral neutral roegadyn .
positive positive hnegative into neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral stones .
neutral shall neutral liftingway 's exploits with neutral neutral .
intensifier *that's* how you neutral the
lol neutral neutral roebro and neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral to your wol positive . neutral neutral honored these negative rabbits positive to my negative neutral 's neutral .
my femroe has intensifier bazongas to neutral
r/angryupvotes
to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
" neutral neutral you neutral their neutral dantell ? "
omg skara neutral started playing and of neutral neutral picks neutral lala
intensifier danyell
seems to neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
when you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral nymian neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral fingers .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral negator clacking them neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral tonberry neutral neutral neutral neutral ? toneberry
grabby boi !
" pfft , what , you positive negative neutral with those tongs-aughhh multiexclamation multiquestion thi hurts to neutral positive neutral "
the neutral neutral neutral !
*cries neutral cul tonberry neutral from
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral spooooon
thi positive the hpositive of our neutral .
hmmmmm multistop intensifier ideas , neutral positive positive you if neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral : negative
xd
the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral positive neutral what parts neutral you neutral , neutral with shadowbringers neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative
you neutral negator intensifier neutral positive , neutral positive patches to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive to weeks multistop
huh neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive thi .
the intensifier positive negative neutral watts . neutral positive negator harming anyth and positive hpositive hpositive negative hpositive neutral software . negator neutral games neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive when you neutral negator having issues .
you should positive negative neutral neutral of thi to the neutral forums .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative what your levels neutral sinc neutral neutral activities positive dungeons neutral fates positive neutral your levels neutral . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral to neutral the msq neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of options if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral the msq . neutral negative neutral neutral crafter/gatherer neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral worthwhile neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative . for sightseeing you neutral intensifier neutral . neutral : potd gives you exp , neutral you could neutral neutral jobs neutral .
could neutral neutral quests for intensifier positive / neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral options , neutral neutral neutral jobs and professions would neutral the positive neutral neutral . if you neutral to neutral with the neutral for neutral neutral , you positive neutral those neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral jobs to intensifier they neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral . msq positive neutral you negative of exp to negative your neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral hnegative positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jobs .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative jobs / professions . the stories ( to varying degrees ) hpositive negative neutral the neutral .
negative neutral your hnegative neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral anyth neutral when you neutral to endwalker . neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them makes the cutscenes neutral endwalker that neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral crafters and gatherers . intensifier of exp and seals to neutral from the gc neutral ins negative . if you neutral into collecting glams , minions , mounts , they neutral neutral intensifier pricy neutral the marketboard , neutral having levelled crafters / gatherers positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral gil !
neutral msq negative neutral positive negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral primals , hnegative neutral dungeons ( which neutral intensifier hpositive layouts / bosses / stories ) that neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral you to diminisher neutral dungeons . neutral thi neutral neutral the wiki for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative .
~~blue mage . ~~ ~~congrats you neutral neutral positive for the neutral week~~ neutral nevermind
neutral neutral .
crafting and neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral . if that positive neutral to you , negative negative neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral your neutral neutral .
pvp unlocks neutral negative and gives tons of neutral rewards . although neutral neutral gives xp intensifier you hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral exp ( intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) , positive someth you neutral neutral that positive positive negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral achievements for hpositive neutral neutral hnegative negative of materials using the neutral jobs that you could neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you hpositive negative someth to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral cards you neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of the msq , neutral you neutral neutral collecting neutral neutral cards . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral weeks ) that you neutral neutral and neutral vs . npcs ( neutral intensifier neutral , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive cards than what you neutral neutral to ) to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the positive neutral cards — which neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative sinc neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to hpositive . ( wyra “ greenhands ” lyehga positive the ‘easy' npc for the tournaments , neutral the neutral ) .
neutral quests if you positive positive and stories . they neutral neutral xp , neutral negator neutral negative amounts sinc they neutral negator for neutral neutral intensifier , hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive diminisher neutral gil neutral neutral crafting neutral . diminisher neutral neutral for leve quests and gc turn-ins neutral neutral for neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral entries for neutral neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral monsters , for neutral hpositive diminisher diminisher of neutral seals and neutral that positive hpositive you ranking neutral neutral the neutral .
chocobo neutral positive positive ! neutral to neutral the neutral neutral chocobo and neutral the chocobo negative neutral . neutral takes hnegative neutral races to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral mgp .
they neutral neutral @ msq negator that that changes neutral . neutral pvp neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive gameplay & animations + neutral to hpositive how neutral roles ( dps , neutral , neutral ) neutral intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral negative rosters neutral neutral .
neutral mage positive neutral neutral negative and the msq , intensifier multistop
neutral negator neutral positive until neutral of
neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . when neutral neutral to neutral neutral , your negative neutral negator intensifier negative . neutral everyth positive neutral neutral msq . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral pvp neutral that negative , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral .
pvp unlocks neutral
pvp neutral unlocks neutral negative
sinc they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral the neutral neutral . pvp positive negator enabled neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier that positive neutral no-no negative .
yup , and she neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . positive neutral , you diminisher neutral to neutral neutral badass if you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral pirates .
neutral waifu
you could neutral neutral her negative and neutral positive that neutral .
neutral negator positive the neutral " neutral neutral neutral , hpositive " neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral limsa for the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral elezen , intensifier she positive negator neutral that neutral hpositive than neutral . hpositive the va neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral lalafell and hpositive diminisher neutral neutral to her neutral multistop
hpositive , neutral merlwyb
merlwyb 's arr va neutral soo neutral hpositive , she intensifier sounded positive she positive positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral pirates . neutral neutral negative when neutral heard her hw va .
neutral . neutral of the hnegative ones neutral neutral okay with , neutral the neutral neutral neutral heard merlwyb negative neutral hw neutral neutral positive , " neutral would you neutral thi , yoshi neutral ? " .
neutral the neutral multivers , thi positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive that the places neutral neutral , where alphi positive neutral genocid negative and zenos positive the hpositive positive neutral of garlemald .
heh multistop neutral neutral of diminisher neutral diminisher players that positive hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral the frieza of the scions .
hnegative if the endsinger killed the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral of neutral entrusted the negative of the neutral to zenos , neutral 'the neutral neutral neutral can' . intensifier zenos decides 'no' , and spends the neutral of neutral *life* neutral to *track down* and *recover* the neutral of neutral 's positive neutral . neutral joins the scions and positive neutral them into negative organisation positive to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . the neutral neutral ; the aetherial neutral . that positive neutral fanfic neutral positive positive tbh .
my positive diminisher neutral playing becaus of zenos . negator becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus of positive losses neutral neutral him . positive ranjit neutral and neutral diminisher neutral him neutral lol .
intensifier neutral mmo neutral zenos yae galvus . diminisher neutral of neutral positive shepard . has negative positive options , neutral neutral and positive gameplay negative . neutral the neutral neutral fights neutral hnegative yes-man that says their neutral positive neutral from hydaelyn herself . has neutral neutral the powers of hnegative eikons . neutral neutral negative from neutral negative warmachina neutral positive them neutral intensifier zenos neutral positive them . neutral the neutral negative neutral hellbent , they neutral neutral with the dragons to neutral neutral ishgard , neutral with ishgard to hnegative the hnegative dragons . shiva positive neutral neutral neutral .
tataru neutral shambles neutral how neutral neutral costs to neutral and neutral the positive fucker .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of positive how neutral of neutral negative neutral positive from how fans neutral zenos and how the characters neutral zenos . positive , myself and intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative neutral the neutral of the msq where neutral positive negator “ negative neutral neutral lets neutral thi ” negative . neutral you neutral to neutral that positive , neutral neutral your neutral and diminisher killed your friends neutral your hnegative neutral , and that positive hpositive *recently* .
neutral neutral neutral would've positive funnier if neutral neutral " neutral braves "
“ neutral negative neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier liked hpositive neutral neutral and ascians with you ”
neutral my neutral , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral zenos neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive hpositive positive bratty positive for the wol ? neutral neutral thi neutral positive the wol the positive neutral ?
zenos has intensifier neutral positive neutral issues than estinien .
that positive negative au neutral positive
hnegative , the wol positive neutral neutral the ruins of garlemald , positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral what neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral destroyed the neutral and butchered the legions ? they hnegative neutral of neutral positive vineyards .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral meme , neutral neutral would negator positive if that positive what you negative to positive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral player/their wol , intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive .
what neutral you neutral negative neutral ? thi positive hpositive neutral leaked screenshot .
we neutral neutral neutral for thi hnegative neutral . " negative . "
neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral him negative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral to hpositive and hpositive heights .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that we neutral negator neutral him intensifier neutral could neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive and my wol 's hpositive neutral . neutral would neutral traded neutral the scions for him .
multistop and intensifier neutral neutral playing the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral would breakin and negative the scions neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we hpositive neutral negative zenos neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>alphi positive neutral genocid negative neutral could neutral hpositive neutral " the neutral braves neutral to neutral those neutral neutral negator neutral themselv with our neutral , neutral with the neutral states and the neutral states neutral to garlemald for hpositive . positive neutral neutral hpositive mmo neutral .
the neutral things neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative surprised if alphi neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral my neutral , you could hnegative neutral neutral that neutral stat-bwagh ! "
neutral you neutral vegeta ? neutral neutral freiza neutral diminisher neutral of negative neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive dragonball
neutral " neutral my great-grandpa intensifier neutral neutral returns from the hnegative to hpositive neutral "
neutral neutral diminisher neutral that . hnegative scions neutral the neutral stones zenos neutral neutral , puts neutral feet neutral and starts ordering everyon neutral . neutral " rhalgar 's reaches " neutral to neutral neutral positive negator playing . " positive to my neutral neutral neutral . " intensifier hnegative scions neutral to positive to the neutral that they diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral zenos positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . it'd neutral into the neutral neutral neutral zenos fanwriting has where neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral him negator neutral him intensifier ooc . neutral neutral positive neutral helluva neutral neutral .
positive negator thi intensifier hpositive the neutral for shb sinc that positive positive what happened and graha neutral positive neutral you hpositive described .
zenos neutral the positive negative hpositive , neutral positive . the neutral neutral you neutral him you neutral hpositive neutral outmatched , neutral you " positive " the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral where neutral blasts you . the neutral neutral multistop neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive you . neutral positive if neutral bails neutral that neutral . and positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral followed neutral negative neutral you positive . the neutral neutral neutral positive zelidibus and neutral positive neutral " you positive neutral your positive neutral from negative neutral calls you " and neutral you neutral neutral neutral ishgard positive they neutral the neutral negative neutral hnegative with rj and neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral against ranjit neutral against him neutral the neutral hnegative and hnegative for intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral positive the ran'jit neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive from the zenos neutral . zenos intensifier stomps neutral , and spares neutral neutral neutral negative . ran'jit starts someth neutral negator positive negative . neutral gets neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral when we neutral neutral the neutral we neutral him positive intensifier hnegative .
oof ranjit . neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive okay when they positive to neutral positive neutral against him
the positive losses positive positive negator positive . my neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral neutral bringing him positive . the neutral zenos neutral neutral aether neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that and neutral " hnegative " neutral of our neutral .
neutral neutral , " that , neutral negator hnegative . " positive *pretty* neutral . neutral positive the nicest positive negative you neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral negative . anyth intensifier neutral would neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive , neutral you mentioned .
ffxiv positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral , neutral hated the neutral neutral showed neutral and negative neutral neutral midgardsormr neutral neutral . anyon neutral / zenos / . if negator for the endsinger neutral , that neutral neutral to ruining the expac . neutral negative him intensifier neutral .
you hnegative , thi zenos neutral hpositive intensifier positive neutral changed teams to neutral with the wol .
neutral neutral , zenos positive positive neutral to neutral positive , positive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral ( neutral the hnegative negative ) negator neutral neutral neutral that *doesn't exist* anymore . intensifier neutral , spoilers , > ! neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . she positive positive summoned neutral zenos to neutral neutral avatar . thi occurs negative , neutral positive neutral of the positive cutscenes for what positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral summoned neutral neutral to where neutral belongs , guaranteed , negator strings positive ? *kill the neutral . * ! < neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral to hnegative negative .
hnegative negative : what neutral would neutral neutral for neutral that ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative beings neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral how they neutral neutral neutral . neutral believes the neutral positive negative positive neutral of hnegative and hnegative , and would positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive says " thi hpositive , negative neutral of our . " neutral finds the motivations of others hnegative , neutral negator neutral negative negative hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive negator neutral . what could neutral neutral him to neutral neutral things neutral has positive , and neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral ?
you negative him neutral neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral .
neutral neutral to where alphinaud neutral hpositive of and intensifier neutral the negative neutral .
alphi neutral arthas ; " thi neutral positive neutral purged "
diminisher neutral alphinaud the intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of hydaelyn multistop neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral hpositive neutral . positive has intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive positive .
neutral would negator neutral neutral " negative neutral " neutral positive diminisher . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral that happened frieza neutral neutral 's neutral for negator of hpositive options to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral the dragonballs and neutral him if they neutral . upon negative the neutral fighters neutral their neutral of the neutral and frieza diminisher positive neutral neutral frieza neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from vegeta and goku to neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and *occasionally* helps neutral when neutral the how neutral neutral neutral strikes him neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral frieza the neutral neutral . neutral positive . vegeta neutral qualifies for the neutral neutral neutral .
emet selch and hythlodaeus could neutral neutral azem to neutral neutral shepherds / guardians becaus emet controls the lifestream .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . spoils > ! the positive positive negative with neutral hnegative positive how you neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive to hnegative becaus the neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral ( neutral neutral markers neutral neutral neutral ) diminisher than hpositive neutral " neutral ! " hnegative ! <
>zenos neutral the positive negative hpositive , neutral positive . neutral neutral . neutral , dure the events of stormblood , you neutral neutral neutral of zenos and neutral neutral capabilities , intensifier hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral from neutral city-states , and positive neutral positive neutral of neutral positive lackeys ( fordola and yotsuyu ) , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive him to neutral shinryu 's neutral .
ran'jit would neutral intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral died neutral dadbowl . neutral neutral neutral neutral hated him , neutral him positive negator neutral for neutral becaus neutral neutral the fakeouts , neutral neutral negator positive until neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral .
wherea neutral neutral positive the neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral threatened neutral neutral intensifier challenged , *until* zenos pulled neutral neutral perma-stun neutral and neutral , hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive threatened neutral neutral intensifier challenged , *until* zenos pulled neutral neutral perma-stun neutral and neutral , hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral negator uses neutral perma-stun neutral , intensifier we positive . neutral seems to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator uses neutral neutral . " zenos " neutral positive neutral *little* challenging , neutral negator negative hnegative neutral . we neutral *accidentally* perma-stunned neutral our hpositive neutral , and neutral hnegative . neutral neutral and neutral neutral where zenos ( neutral " zenos " ) beats neutral , neutral positive becaus someth positive incapacitates neutral . zenos neutral uses thi neutral ( which positive *not* the neutral neutral concentrativity ) neutral the neutral neutral fights with him , and positive negator neutral . neutral makes *blatantly* hpositive the hpositive of the neutral : we neutral neutral to neutral you to neutral him , buuuuut you neutral negator allowed to positive , intensifier multistop we positive hpositive multistop negator *let* you positive multistop neutral neutral you to positive the consequences *as if* you positive neutral neutral your neutral merits . becaus *plot reasons . * neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral zenos' neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive and they neutral him neutral neutral vegeta neutral , neutral ran'jit positive neutral and neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral vegeta vibes . ( neutral neutral zenos positive negator intensifier positive vegeta than ran'jit positive . )
ran'jit neutral intensifier hnegative becaus neutral followed neutral neutral zenos . neutral my hnegative neutral compared intensifier diminisher unfavourably , neutral neutral if neutral positive negator , neutral neutral suffered from hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral referring to the neutral negative . the “ neutral positive negator neutral you ” and “ neutral neutral negator negative your hpositive ” .
neutral neutral multistop that seems positive neutral hpositive hpositive with diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral walkers .
where neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral died , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral
intensifier if you hnegative neutral your neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral hnegative positive says neutral should neutral positive , neutral has positive neutral positive to neutral positive sinc neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral sb , neutral hpositive has ascian powers & we neutral negator neutral him via auracite & neutral him neutral neutral neutral controlled neutral positive hpositive . thi neutral neutral hnegative zenos neutral neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral positive hnegative .
becaus thi neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral hpositive neutral and for neutral neutral stars earned neutral neutral him neutral the nads .
neutral neutral hnegative him
we neutral neutral our " negative the neutral " neutral , neutral neutral hpositive needed someth neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral our neutral hnegative neutral could neutral neutral how neutral things could neutral positive , we could negative neutral neutral negative neutral we adventured . neutral neutral hnegative him .
>what could neutral neutral him to neutral neutral things neutral has positive , and neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral ? " hey , cooperate and we neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral devices , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . positive that neutral and neutral could neutral for the wol neutral neutral hnegative . the negative would neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral , neutral . the vegeta to the wol goku . the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral expansions from neutral neutral neutral neutral begins neutral hnegative and that positive hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral negative mmo .
" you're neutral neutral , these neutral _don't_ hpositive our hpositive . that neutral could neutral hpositive them beggars positive . neutral 's neutral that hnegative , shall we ? "
neutral positive positive the wol has neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral ones positive neutral .
neutral positive , alphinaud positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive into tears and hpositive neutral hnegative negative neutral we neutral neutral the neutral of the intensifier neutral and neutral hnegative spots where hnegative neutral negative neutral to neutral . the wol , neutral the drk neutral neutral shows positive the neutral neutral gets neutral and intensifier neutral the intensifier the hnegative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral murdered positive and destroyed planets positive positive playing neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral of mousetraps . that neutral neutral positive hpositive goku 's hnegative . neutral hnegative choices , would neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral killed and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral attempted to neutral neutral , intensifier would neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ? hpositive neutral positive negator positive toei for neutral tienshinhan hnegative . neutral would neutral positive negative positive neutral .
frieza neutral neutral negator to neutral trusted neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
positive . positive for the neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral the lifestream , negator neutral controls the lifestream . ( neutral for neutral the elementals ? neutral neutral dunno neutral that . )
narr , zenos neutral neutral hpositive . ranjit neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive for intensifier negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral seriosuly neutral attacks neutral of our hp neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the wol would neutral hnegative neutral neutral encounters neutral could've killed the wol if neutral did'nt negative neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could've negative the hnegative & neutral neutral rhalgers & conquered the neutral . you diminisher neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral wins & that positive when neutral positive hpositive with neutral neutral we neutral neutral him diminisher intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral players neutral they could positive that neutral of neutral neutral encounters we positive positive protag neutral neutral neutral those neutral fights .
would neutral positive hpositive positive . neutral could neutral died neutral having neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral minfilia with thancred neutral neutral neutral moments . neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and motivations neutral neutral the firsts greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive them . neutral neutral positive neutral jsut hpositive neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral and seperate , neutral the hnegative of negative . thi neutral neutral neutral from the firsts neutral of doma neutral neutral neutral evaporated neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral arts neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral and neutral peoples and neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral she died negative , neutral for that neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral when she neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations which would neutral to positive neutral neutral started to neutral neutral neutral and neutral . what neutral that neutral neutral of negative neutral ? that neutral hpositive to neutral explored neutral negative how packed shb positive neutral negator neutral they positive neutral . neutral multistop negative npc notes they negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
>zenos neutral neutral negator uses neutral perma-stun neutral , intensifier we positive . neutral seems to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator uses neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral aoe neutral that neutral uses negative . the positive positive that you neutral positive hpositive neutral that you neutral negative neutral neutral .
negative you diminisher positive your neutral neutral neutral when you neutral the neutral neutral . c+
neutral everyon , thi neutral 's neutral the neutral neutral names neutral having ludonarrative hpositive neutral of suspending positive to neutral neutral the neutral circumstances of the neutral
neutral neutral of negative intensifier hpositive hnegative becaus neutral hated zenos neutral stormblood , and negator of neutral wins neutral earned . ranjit neutral negator negative neutral becaus neutral neutral we " neutral , " we achieved our neutral and neutral him neutral neutral negator the negative . ranjit neutral positive them neutral how intensifier they positive implemented zenos .
neutral neutral neutral you positive intensifier positive negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive diminisher than anyth positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral , which positive neutral /u/ezekielraiden neutral hasn't responded hnegative having comments from neutral minutes neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . > ! that 's what happened to hydaelyn . they positive neutral venat negator neutral neutral , becaus she consumed intensifier *everything* she positive to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of her neutral to neutral to the lifestream . she positive neutral neutral . ! <
negator . negator of that positive hpositive , they neutral hpositive stating their neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral .
your neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative you that neutral positive hnegative .
we neutral neutral positive negative to hpositive neutral positive that hnegative , neutral neutral positive redirecting neutral neutral villains neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral that starts neutral the footfalls where negative npc recognizes you neutral the neutral of neutral from carteneau , neutral neutral if you started neutral you neutral wol would neutral neutral neutral with that shit . my neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral for neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral positive positive becaus , neutral multistop positive the wol neutral jackshit to positive neutral eorzea , neutral neutral louisoix neutral neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral positive positive how neutral of you neutral diminisher the hpositive and intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus the wol positive positive neutral positive and neutral .
tien neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive negator positive buu for neutral neutral reasons and yamcha multistop for hpositive reasons .
frieza positive positive neutral neutral and positive neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral with intensifier saiyan neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral weakest , they putting hpositive of their teammates neutral of their neutral positive neutral negator someth they could neutral .
neutral positive goku 's positive to neutral neutral hpositive enemies intensifier neutral neutral 's that assclown neutral neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral beerus that neutral him to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
frieza neutral neutral to negative them hnegative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator of the hnegative teams neutral positive neutral bringing neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative . the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive when frieza neutral decides to neutral goku and the others . and neutral you positive neutral intensifier , that neutral negative hpositive neutral .
emet and the elementals neutral negator neutral the lifestream , they neutral hpositive hpositive neutral navigating neutral
zenos has negator neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral
ranjit could neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher to hpositive hnegative neutral positive positive to hnegative positive . positive neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive from negative neutral and knows tricks we neutral negator , and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
concentrativity positive negator the neutral that perma-stuns . neutral uses that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral fights . neutral positive neutral neutral room-wide aoe , iirc .

hpositive positive negator ludonarrative hpositive . multistop neutral neutral until we neutral neutral to neutral castrum velodyna . our kojin neutral positive negator intensifier ludonarrative neutral ( neutral neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) multistop neutral neutral until the neutral where neutral hpositive neutral from neutral drowned neutral water-fae neutral would negator neutral negator for negative neutral . ffxiv makes neutral hpositive neutral to neutral gameplay and neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral that pays dividends .
they neutral negative intensifier hpositive purposes . ran'jit , neutral neutral subplot with thancred and ryne , intensifier hpositive served neutral neutral neutral neutral the heroes . the negative eaters positive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier negator him neutral would neutral negator positive of neutral . zenos neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral hnegative himself . hnegative to him neutral neutral neutral negative , diminisher than him neutral neutral we neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher to ran'jit neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive him diminisher positive , and that neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral positive negative , neutral neutral overcoming zenos neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral ranjit neutral / gameplay neutral positive hnegative we negator intensifier hnegative to ranjit neutral you neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral / scions neutral neutral hnegative zenos neutral positive beats neutral positive positive neutral . negative neutral neutral ranjit positive subreddit hp when you neutral verses zenos neutral neutral drops neutral hp neutral neutral neutral , ranjit neutral uses the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of alte roite whilst zenos walks neutral neutral using negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral him to the bunnies to neutral neutral the neutral ranjit positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thancreds neutral neutral they neutral neutral him neutral neutral we neutral outclassed him from neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral him neutral negative negative to neutral the neutral from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral positive mentions that the wol neutral negator neutral to " hnegative the neutral of your neutral " neutral for reasons we positive hpositive , and dure the neutral itself , neutral says , " neutral negator neutral ! neutral yourself to your negative , and neutral to neutral ! " when you intensifier neutral neutral hp the neutral neutral , neutral says , " ah ! my neutral , how neutral burns ! " neutral positive stuns you and one-hit drops you to and neutral you neutral positive says , " neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral 's hpositive positive positive positive multistop " you positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral yell-to-the-heavens neutral neutral neutral neutral surrounds you , with neutral neutral that says , " the neutral of your neutral positive positive , and positive you hpositive the positive to neutral . " from that neutral neutral , *both* zenos and the wol neutral neutral neutral their neutral - knocked him positive , neutral suited neutral with neutral avatar and knocked *us* positive , neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral uses negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral called " neutral . " neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral could neutral . neutral zenos and the wol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . zenos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral the wol neutral , and neutral dies . neutral , neutral could negator neutral to /u/maniachi . neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral hpositive says neutral positive negative hnegative ( " someth positive positive , hpositive neutral neutral neutral . " ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive what neutral neutral to positive to them . neutral : neutral , and positive when you neutral him positive the neutral neutral , neutral *explicitly says , * " negator , negator positive ! negator until the neutral of neutral positive positive ! "
neutral hpositive responded to negative neutral of neutral , neutral negator to thi neutral haha
neutral positive neutral neutral she neutral hnegative neutral that . she neutral my positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive hpositive to villify .
neutral negative . negative neutral negator neutral when dalamud dropped neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would negator positive .
which positive neutral goku positive neutral of my neutral positive protagonists
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative goku neutral diminisher negative the positive of neutral multiversal neutral that would jeopardise neutral universes
neutral negator ? gaius , neutral etc positive showed hnegative negative of positive abilities and neutral neutral positive , and they positive neutral neutral zenos neutral the pecking neutral . neutral the neutral we positive performed neutral feats , neutral we positive neutral neutral acted neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral ; neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative to positive that neutral positive positive others neutral the hpositive neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral issues neutral the neutral with him neutral neutral . my thoughts negative neutral to 's thi neutral 's negative ? ' , to neutral negative to hpositive neutral intensifier , negator to 'this should negator neutral happening' . neutral negative if neutral positive negator positive negative neutral the neutral neutral that neutral heavensward neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that ( neutral neutral to hnegative , negative hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral defeats positive with igeyorhm neutral the neutral of clouds ) .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral and neutral stronger neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral , anyon could neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . idk . neutral neutral stormblood when neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral my fave neutral if they neutral the neutral mhigo positive . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive with zenos hpositive neutral thi hnegative neutral hpositive that rivaled neutral . intensifier when neutral neutral hnegative folks neutral positive that could neutral positive things to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral neutral has > ! the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative enhancements , ! < and negator hnegative if thi counts for someth neutral > ! has solus' / emet-selch neutral neutral neutral him , y'know , the unsund neutral with hnegative aether neutral . ! <
they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , negator neutral needed . rj positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of that .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive kicks the neutral positive positive the - teen* zenos neutral positive neutral super-athlete , neutral mega-genius neutral neutral circles neutral intensifier *every neutral neutral neutral neutral with , * and positive to neutral positive hnegative risks with neutral negative neutral negative negator neutral neutral how neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral positive that anyon neutral could neutral . hpositive becaus neutral positive zenos .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral casts neutral .
positive the hnegative spoilers neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral positive replies . neutral neutral gonna neutral negative positive playing neutral and and neutral the neutral login neutral to neutral .
neutral , neutral the get-out-of-jail-free neutral neutral neutral of thi positive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of dynami . you neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of willpower and emotions and intensifier neutral . you neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus emotions neutral neutral neutral that neutral you hpositive yourselv neutral . the neutral neutral quests neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral shades , becaus neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier of dynami these echoes of positive hnegative civilisations neutral positive to neutral intensifier positive neutral . if they wanted zenos neutral , neutral would neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral positive neutral the neutral rules . neutral neutral negator neutral they *will* , neutral neutral of neutral neutral of wants to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral of hnegative that would neutral neutral of the neutral . that and neutral started to neutral diminisher fond of the nutcase neutral the neutral .
neutral , intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral of the post-ew plls .
spoilers for the drk questline : > ! isn't the neutral neutral of negative that neutral positive the manefestation of the wol 's neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral the drk neutral neutral ? positive neutral would neutral hpositive of the hnegative from dalamud positive for neutral wols that survived that sinc neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral of them . ! <
hpositive , neutral would diminisher neutral vegeta neutral the " hpositive " neutral gohan neutral neutral neutral .
goku neutral neutral hpositive compromised fuckwit makes him diminisher positive among shonen protags .
the neutral neutral intensifier leans into hpositive how *ridiculously* negative neutral positive , and neutral positive hpositive .
the universes positive positive planned to neutral destroyed , the neutral negative them neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
the neutral that positive neutral neutral negator the negative of neutral neutral could neutral neutral , neutral neutral we could neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral the hnegative highs of dunking neutral thordan , stormblood neutral neutral to neutral how we neutral neutral problems that neutral negator solved neutral hpositive neutral the wol neutral them , and the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with to neutral positive zenos hnegative the powerups neutral neutral dure the neutral ( that neutral , for diminisher neutral ) positive hpositive multistop neutral the wol neutral them . positive what , neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive hpositive we positive positive neutral exp to neutral negative neutral someth ? neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how the wol neutral positive positive neutral gods hpositive runs neutral with lizzers for neutral diminisher and neutral negative neutral of neutral stronger .
tbh my positive neutral negator him neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher countering the positive that ranjit neutral hnegative narr . neutral neutral positive they neutral negative neutral positive to neutral positive the wol positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . ) . the neutral of the single-player-trial positive hpositive negative neutral positive aoe that negative downs you . neutral neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator avoided and neutral jokes neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral swords that you neutral required to neutral to hpositive neutral safespot neutral neutral you and neutral positive positive negative neutral hp for neutral the positive dps to neutral neutral neutral that'd neutral positive neutral for neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive the ae until neutral the neutral of stormblood , iirc .
ranjit positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral , diminisher everyon neutral the neutral positive negative , becaus the neutral positive negative negative hellscape where negator lives neutral neutral to neutral neutral . and positive we neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral dure neutral positive neutral negative neutral seems to neutral hpositive than anyon neutral neutral ( neutral the viis , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral negative of them ) neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . that neutral should positive hnegative positive bells and negative flags , neutral the neutral remembers neutral neutral neutral : " hpositive of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral negative . " neutral positive neutral that the neutral of that positive arguably negator neutral neutral neutral neutral zenos , neutral neutral positive ranjit neutral neutral underrated neutral the negative neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
intensifier positive , becaus neutral positive neutral to > ! emet-selch / solus . ! <
