neutral would neutral diminisher neutral positive than neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier than neutral tbh , neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral of shatter…
positive followed neutral neutral . positive positive negative negative borefest . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral mosh neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral objectives . and the objectives neutral negator intensifier positive hpositive to neutral neutral negative to hnegative maps . neutral 's neutral hnegative positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral to objectives neutral hnegative teams territories . positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . intensifier points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral ices and the neutral ices neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator positive onsal neutral neutral neutral where you positive neutral rewarded for neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral , onsal , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and positive positive . onsal hakair feelings intensifier uninteractive compared to the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral for neutral .
the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral fcs joined positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral , positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and you positive hnegative , becaus everyon neutral positive the neutral actions of grabbing the neutral , neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral . the points awarded seemed intensifier positive for everyth . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral and positive things if we neutral negator neutral neutral with the negative neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral frontlines neutral neutral neutral , neutral toward that neutral
my neutral positive positive positive neutral becaus neutral exp neutral neutral to frontlines neutral neutral the frontline neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucked neutral . neutral neutral sucks neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for frontlines positive neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral hpositive neutral neutral / negative . neutral to neutral the naadam neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative for that neutral neutral your neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral diminisher non-glue sniffers positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of points / wins positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the points . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral pvp neutral neutral tbf—
positive for neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral you neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the to neutral points neutral your neutral neutral
whaaaat , neutral hpositive positive and negative onsal . my neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive : positive neutral neutral onsal
hmmm positive neutral ? intensifier of hpositive that would neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for adjustments . positive neutral neutral neutral negator details positive .
that what they neutral neutral astragalos negative^ ) positive neutral for years neutral , neutral for intensifier hpositive reasons
negator .
neutral negative positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral becaus negator neutral jobs neutral neutral negative unless you neutral neutral rping neutral intensifier , neutral neutral gives you xp , intensifier neutral positive hpositive your negative negative neutral .
neutral you neutral to neutral and neutral , the positive neutral for potsherds from neutral chests neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral to neutral thi neutral positive neutral , becaus neutral has negative neutral neutral of neutral options you positive negator neutral to neutral into your neutral neutral neutral you neutral those chests . healers positive whm and sge neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral if you neutral intensifier hnegative playing positive neutral , negative the negative positive negator neutral neutral . tanks neutral the negative neutral of hnegative for neutral with diminisher mistakes positive hitting neutral and positive . neutral my hnegative , war>drk>gnb>pld neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral negative of neutral neutral and what you hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral . having neutral that , neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral of neutral potions . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive for someth that positive negator neutral negative hpositive imo , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that becaus neutral neutral negator positive hnegative what your neutral neutral positive . if your neutral positive to neutral positive to you neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral with ( positive neutral intensifier , when neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with the pots neutral you neutral negator neutral that neutral ) and hpositive hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral your potsherds neutral neutral sets . the neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral pots neutral the negative dpsers hnegative , to neutral your negative neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral potions , neutral positive what neutral positive neutral if that positive my neutral positive and neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral speedrun neutral to neutral and from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my pomanders of positive / neutral to positive the neutral of neutral neutral chests , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive neutral of neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral
positive ! that neutral neutral neutral intensifier !
neutral you neutral with neutral of shadowbringers neutral hpositive thi positive hpositive intensifier we neutral neutral spoilers positive neutral negative terms neutral , shadowbringers neutral my positive neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral competes with endwalker for neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive shb intensifier neutral
shadowbringers positive the shackles of neutral the neutral neutral points of eorzea neutral and neutral into positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ascians which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative expac that ekes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral endwalker . neutral intensifier loved neutral to pieces .
neutral neutral - neutral intensifier , that positive what . neutral neutral neutral hnegative my neutral moments neutral the neutral and *it neutral negator intensifier stop* . neutral neutral neutral myself neutral hnegative for the positive , no-stakes neutral of the dragonsong neutral ( which neutral negator positive neutral no-stakes multiexclamation neutral neutral negative ? neutral ) . neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral from the " feels positive endgame " parts of neutral kohlusia , mt gulg , the neutral that followed - everyth intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral neutral - and positive you neutral intensifier positive , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . the differences neutral neutral neutral mt gulg and the neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral negative neutral tracks , and the negative positive intensifier hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral to the hnegative negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of what neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive , diminisher becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral where everyth neutral neutral , and neutral *hurt* . *so* . *much* . and positive everyth neutral that neutral hnegative diminisher intensifier . positive we hpositive the neutral and the neutral and neutral that neutral neutral ! neutral negative , the positive neutral neutral we neutral ? hnegative . neutral you neutral your neutral neutral sinc negative the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral to positive , and neutral positive you positive neutral neutral , negative . neutral , neutral positive my positive neutral , neutral loved neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral and etc neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier positive neutral . neutral
neutral positive my positive neutral . the neutral , the neutral , the characters multistop neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral when neutral neutral started arr and neutral negator negative when neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral .
shb positive neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral stands neutral neutral neutral , neutral ew takes neutral . emet-selch positive negative neutral well-written negative neutral . neutral positive negator positive him . neutral
shb positive my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
negator the neutral shadowbringers , negator . neutral hpositive defeated emet selch .
the hpositive neutral to the shb neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral , neutral positive hpositive positive that neutral neutral the positive moments for neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral quests . neutral neutral negator positive diminisher the neutral negative that neutral intensifier of neutral neutral with emet-selch ( although neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral with ) , neutral parts of the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative ? neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral positive negative you negative neutral
ah , the hpositive neutral .
negative neutral !
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to haurchefant negative . hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral books
the hpositive neutral
the neutral the neutral the neutral
negative neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral feelings positive dsr neutral you neutral him . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral him neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral and neutral positive negative to neutral neutral positive .
thi positive negator hpositive . neutral positive negator impaled
hpositive
neutral horsefart positive hpositive !
neutral hpositive played thi neutral neutral neutral , and my neutral and neutral positive intensifier shocked
\*the neutral neutral
intensifier positive neutral draw-chefant .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
hehe
> ! neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral moments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dst . ! <
dragonsong neutral would neutral to differ…
negative negative .
that intensifier slayed neutral . multistop neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive ! neutral , neutral would neutral neutral you to neutral neutral from the comments positive neutral ffxiv subs neutral neutral to neutral spoilers , hnegative , if you neutral negator neutral neutral spoilers , positive neutral to negative thi neutral .
if you hpositive , you hpositive .
hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive that you neutral someth and your neutral neutral negative breaks neutral you *even flinch* .
neutral neutral negator neutral they could hnegative neutral with the > ! tempering of dragons ! < neutral neutral we neutral and neutral neutral *hurt . *
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the feels
positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive positive for spoilers , neutral positive diminisher neutral them , neutral neutral positive negator someth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral .
the negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
yall . neutral .
from the neutral neutral positive the negative of my neutral , neutral negative neutral .
thi neutral neutral negator neutral .
hpositive neutral zenos 's neutral to meteion positive to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral needed neutral from neutral neutral . neutral lives becaus neutral feelings positive neutral , neutral you that positive neutral . neutral vibe with that intensifier hnegative . years of hnegative episodes and hnegative attacks and neutral stabbed neutral the neutral neutral friends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral baaaad neutral neutral hpositive . neutral you that positive neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with my neutral and pulling someth neutral neutral of the negative , neutral for negator hnegative neutral than to hnegative my neutral negative neutral becaus neutral seemed positive . neutral that positive how neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral positive , negator having neutral hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral . zenos neutral neutral neutral the darkest neutral and hnegative “ wassup neutral neutral has neutral thumbs and neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and lets neutral thi negative neutral neutral my neutral ! ” hyped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral .
> ! the ghosts neutral the stairs ! < thal 's balls neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral positive positive neutral of the npcs neutral hpositive the memories of negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from negative , intensifier thi neutral neutral has positive multistop intensifier hnegative . lmao . that positive negator to positive neutral struggled to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive than the neutral shb positive . neutral neutral neutral of ew and post-ew has neutral of positive neutral to neutral my neutral fears , intensifier when they neutral presented to neutral neutral neutral and hnegative . the neutral and nibirun positive neutral neutral of the hardest for neutral . the neutral becaus they positive neutral hyperintelligent and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral , " and the nibirun becaus they positive achieved hnegative and negative and positive bored with neutral . these neutral things intensifier , intensifier messed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . becaus neutral positive neutral what neutral " hpositive " vs what neutral " negative . " neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral , positive neutral for the " neutral of the neutral " positive neutral neutral and if neutral of thi positive doomed to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator that hpositive neutral of thi sorta hnegative ? neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral , to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral that allows everyon to neutral neutral they negative to neutral ? which raises the negative of multistop what positive the neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral if we neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral negator my neutral fears neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? what happens when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral ? albeit , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral cares neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive recycled . neutral neutral we neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral , and neutral . neutral of positive the aetherial neutral , neutral negator the neutral of neutral lives . hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral ew ? neutral wanted to neutral cryogenically neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral of neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral , ) neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral that when neutral positive my neutral ? neutral neutral gonna neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that grows neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral thi negative neutral neutral . neutral negator negative neutral the neutral and neutral negator negative neutral my hnegative ; neutral gotta neutral neutral and when the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral my neutral to the neutral that helped hpositive thi neutral neutral . gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral , intensifier yall positive your neutral apples when the neutral neutral .
when neutral played ew , neutral neutral having that neutral of neutral negator negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , and positive neutral , and replaying , neutral hits intensifier hnegative , hurts intensifier neutral , neutral neutral shows that diminisher of neutral that positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the deepest hnegative . neutral the neutral !
hpositive , neutral neutral negator . ew 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral my neutral experiences with negative , negative , and neutral negative . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral ew , neutral positive positive diminisher neutral decades' neutral of neutral neutral and neutral with my positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral you neutral that if neutral positive played thi when neutral neutral neutral teenager , neutral when my hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral .
when venat asked if my neutral positive positive positive and worthwhile , neutral started neutral becaus neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral addressed to neutral neutral irl . neutral neutral with negative and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral to anyth . neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral myself that neutral that neutral neutral hpositive answered “ positive ” to that negative neutral neutral accounts , from the negative of my negative .
my neutral fixated neutral the hnegative aspects and for neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral with the loporrit neutral quests . the neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral the neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral when neutral neutral the dungeons .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral could negative with meteion 's hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral ew positive neutral neutral neutral negative cutscenes involving neutral and babies neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral the neutral of neutral negative to neutral neutral - negator hnegative neutral neutral means , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive to ffxiv . neutral neutral neutral and positive gold-star neutral neutral neutral positive negator groundbreaking and neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral into the negative itself to positive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral of neutral that *has* succeeded neutral that positive bojack neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral becaus neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral negative and neutral positive my how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . ew elicited negator negative thing… which positive hpositive . that positive neutral negative neutral for negative mmo that positive neutral to neutral positive neutral . …… positive , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral *pissed neutral off* neutral mishandling neutral emotions intensifier neutral that neutral intensifier doomed the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral irl , neutral neutral their how neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative for their shitty positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral whined neutral shit and negator neutral to hnegative anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ) . having positive that neutral neutral and sinc neutral medicated for neutral , neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral for neutral negative of hnegative . intensifier neutral negative that positive the neutral neutral ew positive neutral to my negative - neutral neutral with , and neutral negative from , hermes-type neutral . neutral the neutral , ew 's neutral positive neutral and hpositive and looks neutral hpositive with hpositive . that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and neutral with which neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral diagnosed with negative hnegative negative neutral diminisher years neutral intensifier the neutral of hnegative and negative positive someth neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral from *everything positive fine* to *nothing positive fine* positive someth neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative of that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral of elpis neutral neutral neutral with the meteia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator measures to neutral for the meteia encountering neutral neutral hnegative worlds , if their aether neutral negator intensifier neutral they would neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for positive environments . neutral intensifier neutral them door-to-door neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral for the positive . neutral hpositive that positive neutral neutral of the neutral , the ancients positive intensifier near-perfect borderline-godlike that neutral and neutral systems for negative positive intensifier negative concepts to them . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative of him . if neutral would neutral anyon neutral to hpositive with the meteia they hnegative neutral neutral the flaws neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral that neutral of sharing everyon neutral 's " neutral negator thi positive hnegative " neutral to meteion having neutral meltdown , neutral neutral neutral develops neutral self-destructive positive with her neutral neutral hnegative of everyth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral him . neutral , neutral hated moenbryda when she neutral introduced neutral the arr patches . ew neutral neutral positive neutral neutral shit .
neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier for meteion .
diminisher neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative multistop neutral neutral and the neutral 's discussions neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and solving those issues with others multistop neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon and caused neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral which positive neutral multistop idk multistop " neutral " ? multistop for my negative states multistop neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative .
endwalker positive intensifier negative neutral that positive addressing negative / / negative and positive . neutral positive neutral , whose hpositive emotions and hpositive for hnegative beings clashed with neutral neutral 's ideals and neutral intensifier neutral itself , negative him to negative neutral neutral , and neutral to hpositive the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral and neutral lives . neutral could negator positive others , and others could negator positive him neutral . neutral neutral wants to , and neutral ends neutral neutral him neutral intensifier . neutral negative , neutral wanted to positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the neutral of my emotions positive hpositive from others and neutral neutral neutral . and if neutral positive neutral to my neutral , if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the meteia neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive against their neutral negative , what positive with the hivemind and the negative . to positive neutral the hnegative and negative of worlds and worlds , to hpositive neutral that everyth neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of their neutral and the neutral to their negative neutral positive negative negative negative , how could neutral negator neutral neutral them to neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive to themselv , neutral to neutral others , sinc they neutral the means neutral neutral . how neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier overwhelmed and could neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral that the neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier my negative could negative ? when neutral neutral arrived and neutral neutral into monsters , neutral neutral becaus their negative emotions neutral neutral of neutral . diminisher of their neutral neutral negative , hpositive instincts . how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus my emotions positive neutral of neutral negative ? negative neutral to neutral . neutral , neutral could negator hpositive neutral . neutral could negator neutral my emotions . and how neutral neutral negator neutral into monsters ? neutral neutral onto positive , neutral negator neutral neutral to the negative emotions , to the hnegative , to the negative . when you hpositive how to neutral them neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive . if neutral positive neutral to hpositive you , to neutral you , neutral positive hpositive . when you neutral neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral . neutral neutral , thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive neutral . neutral your friends , neutral those neutral positive neutral you and walked with you neutral your neutral . with neutral neutral neutral expectations you negative ( the negative of ) negative . neutral the negative neutral whose neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral with you believes you neutral positive thi . post-endwalker neutral negative neutral spoilers : > ! from the neutral of negative , neutral neutral neutral expectations gives neutral to positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive how you negative to neutral your neutral . neutral if you positive ( programmed / ) hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral . we neutral neutral . ! < neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral , endwalker intensifier resonated intensifier . neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral endwalker intensifier neutral hpositive hpositive reinforces neutral intensifier of the messages that neutral drilled into myself to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral my neutral , hpositive neutral for counselling . neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral happened if thi neutral positive diminisher hpositive positive counselling .
neutral positive helped neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral allowed to hpositive hpositive neutral and hpositive positive friends neutral if we neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the negative neutral positive from neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . negative , the neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to the neutral neutral my positive positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral . intensifier , thi neutral neutral has positive multistop positive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral years of neutral and neutral positive to positive neutral hpositive having hpositive neutral mechanisms neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my neutral . " that 's neutral negative neutral , neutral thi positive neutral ! " " neutral negative empath into the negative negative neutral of neutral multistop thi positive neutral hnegative positive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative and neutral . " " ffs neutral him neutral to the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier positive negator hnegative anyth neutral our feelings . " if anyth , neutral neutral , neutral showed neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative the negative spirals neutral neutral neutral intensifier inclined to hpositive them neutral to negative myself . thi positive neutral neutral to stardew neutral when neutral romanced the neutral shane . neutral positive to neutral playing becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive my neutral ( neutral neutral ) that neutral negative neutral flashbacks . that neutral years neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
playing endwalker neutral neutral positive someth that neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive my neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral neutral with hnegative neutral hnegative and adhd , and neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . what endwalker hpositive neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral that hpositive positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive . positive negative , neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral bursts neutral neutral neutral stints . neutral you neutral neutral months negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that neutral negator neutral they positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of " neutral hpositive " neutral negator hpositive neutral positive becaus hpositive neutral negator neutral with you neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral the neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral for negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral where you hpositive that hpositive positive negator neutral you neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral . neutral , neutral neutral from negative neutral negator neutral that you neutral neutral someth hnegative , negative neutral diminisher neutral positive to positive hpositive neutral neutral negative for hpositive . " negative exists , and we neutral negator negative negative . negator neutral , hnegative neutral , could neutral neutral . if we would neutral , we positive positive neutral neutral our negative neutral . " these positive the words that changed things for neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral stressing , neutral , and neutral neutral opportunities and missed opportunities to neutral outcomes that would " positive to hpositive " negator positive that that positive negator how neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral positive . neutral when neutral neutral . neutral hnegative when neutral neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for hpositive , and hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of your neutral , negator positive negative . they , neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative that they positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive their neutral . with that neutral , neutral your eyes to the neutral , negative that neutral of them positive neutral besid you , and neutral your positive and your legs toward someth positive .
neutral positive neutral attacked playing ew , and the neutral has negative intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive they positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral monsters and hpositive neutral monsters negator negative how hnegative they neutral . everyon neutral starts positive into their negative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive from neutral neutral neutral dies the neutral neutral they positive negative hpositive to neutral that you neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral yourself neutral with matsya neutral with the neutral . neutral everyth they neutral could to hpositive neutral neutral and positive they intensifier hnegative neutral having estinein neutral neutral and neutral them and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive matsya hpositive from their negative . neutral could neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral your hnegative moments you neutral hpositive the positive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral from ew , that positive neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral negative hnegative hpositive dure the neutral neutral positive to neutral limits and neutral constraints neutral positive hpositive : ' ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . negator of thi " neutral the neutral ! " neutral " neutral the negative ! " neutral . neutral neutral with meteion the neutral neutral positive " yup nope that would neutral neutral " lol . if anyth , neutral intensifier illustrated to neutral how hnegative my negative positive positive , neutral meteion and neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier begrudgingli hpositive and intensifier neutral to neutral my neutral ) . the cutscenes neutral and neutral the endsinger neutral intensifier *ripped neutral into pieces* . neutral neutral neutral to the neutral to hermes' neutral to her hpositive to neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral that neutral where my neutral , hpositive and neutral wol positive neutral meteion 's hands into neutral neutral . neutral . positive . neutral fuckin . neutral .
neutral neutral negator . neutral negative into neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative eliminates neutral neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and what neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive negative for neutral neutral positive ends and neutral neutral negator hnegative with neutral neutral negative in-universe neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for negative endwalker diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral positive intensifier hnegative and meteion positive intensifier hnegative neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive positive negator the neutral positive neutral shb . she hpositive neutral from negator , neutral things hpositive becaus , introduces neutral positive neutral from negator we negator positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive hpositive checkmarking hnegative neutral 's neutral of " neutral hnegative neutral " and neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of ew positive with emet . neutral learns , of neutral negative neutral , that everyth neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral wanted to neutral . and for that we neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral cutscene ? neutral lines ? neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral with negator neutral to neutral , negator neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral what neutral could / should neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive meteion neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive with neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of counseling has neutral neutral , neutral multistop neutral neutral " neutral " positive the neutral neutral for neutral multistop neutral of retreated these themes and emotions when neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral myself . negator of neutral neutral positive neutral groundbreaking to neutral , neutral neutral neutral thoughts neutral neutral , and negator intensifier ones neutral would negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral intensifier than positive to negative - neutral intensifier that neutral positive to neutral to neutral cutscenes neutral the neutral ( anyth to neutral with zenos , neutral neutral negator positive him ) intensifier neutral could negative neutral hnegative neutral . that neutral , neutral positive sections neutral enjoyed . neutral neutral neutral positive invested neutral the garlemald positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive and positive with the negative of neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral thi neutral has neutral . elpis neutral neutral hpositive for the negative neutral hpositive characters , and neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative topics .
endwalker neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that hnegative , diminisher , neutral neutral , positive to the neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral . positive shadowbringers neutral neutral intensifier . ryne 's neutral neutral dure that xpac neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing neutral . neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral having neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral happened to neutral rewatched the neutral where she neutral with minfilia and neutral neutral neutral helped neutral positive hpositive .
councilingway negative neutral negator neutral neutral needed intensifier neutral hnegative for neutral lmao
neutral intensifier sucked . positive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral positive positive my friends , girlfriend positive neutral with neutral intensifier endwalker and asphodelos neutral neutral stained neutral neutral neutral neutral playing thi neutral neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how endwalker makes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that and neutral positive what positive .
struggled with hnegative negative from ages to and positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ew . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . and neutral neutral neutral from negative issues . neutral everyon positive hpositive . if you negative to neutral someth neutral intensifier hnegative , negative and neutral neutral negative neutral the manga negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral heard neutral positive helped others neutral neutral neutral with their negative . neutral neutral warned neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and negative manga .
neutral positive the pacing of the neutral neutral negator the neutral positive to diminisher of the messages they positive neutral to positive . positive , neutral neutral we needed negative neutral neutral shb and ew . neutral the neutral of the radz neutral neutral / thavnair attacks dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral alisae neutral someth positive , " we negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation " when these neutral positive hpositive neutral their friends and neutral transformed into hnegative beasts and positive neutral killed positive minutes neutral . neutral positive okay and neutral encouraged to neutral neutral to neutral positive hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive what the neutral neutral neutral neutral despair/depression neutral the neutral of blasphemies neutral positive intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral positive negator " positive hpositive neutral " to neutral negative positive transformed into blasphemies , the neutral for which positive your neutral hpositive poofing into negator , negator lifestream , negator negator . positive ishikawa multistop ?
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral describing negative neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral monologues neutral hnegative , neutral intensifier than neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral , to the neutral that neutral neutral " hnegative " to neutral to neutral neutral them . neutral neutral negative of neutral mechanisms / hpositive and neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive ffxiv that neutral positive neutral to positive to negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive intensifier neutral neutral wallowing neutral negative and negator refuting neutral .
tbh , neutral diminisher teared neutral when the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral thavnair . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral words could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with ( positive ) intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative their children . neutral positive neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral to meteion neutral neutral intensifier positive : " c'mon , neutral , we negative you to neutral ! neutral , you neutral neutral to diminisher neutral voices and positive how positive your positive neutral ! " nope , neutral negator neutral , neutral negator neutral becaus of neutral they would negator neutral the scions . and of neutral we positive neutral to negative the neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier impactful when we positive garleans neutral . the neutral garlemald positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , although hnegative and intensifier hnegative
neutral positive to neutral and neutral hnegative things for neutral neutral neutral positive myself to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive . neutral could neutral what the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral annoyed neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral neutral negator positive endwalker and that positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negative neutral into negative and neutral negative to neutral .
neutral played arr-ew neutral the positive of months , and ew positive my neutral positive neutral . garlemald and neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier " meta " to neutral . the positive " everyon positive neutral and neutral positive " neutral positive for powering neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the negative of hpositive they positive emet positive neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral teenager and negator negative positive neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral radz and neutral hnegative diminisher negative shirts ( positive neutral neutral neutral quests , they neutral neutral neutral ) . lopporits positive negative neutral to the neutral of negator neutral positive to neutral them positive ( compared to moogles neutral pixies ) . negator stakes neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral of shadowbringers , they neutral managed to hpositive neutral positive neutral wol neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to the pc . the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of ew positive if they neutral neutral to neutral zenos .
positive , neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral expansions diminisher *prepared* neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral thi negative neutral endwalker , and positive neutral neutral the *scions* neutral to that neutral negative , neutral and negative neutral neutral that neutral *me* neutral of how neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral how they neutral positive and positive , empathetically and positive positive neutral with the positive and neutral " can't that neutral neutral ? neutral ? " these neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , if negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral if neutral negator neutral them neutral that negative , neutral neutral neutral from their ordeals neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral with negator of neutral , positive and hpositive to overthink things . positive neutral neutral alphinaud hnegative neutral , if negator neutral , neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral of > ! arr . ! < neutral for him to positive neutral playing to neutral strengths and staying neutral neutral neutral from > ! hw / neutral . ! < neutral neutral > ! lyse ! < neutral the positive of neutral , negative neutral neutral and positive positive ( neutral the neutral of positive expectations that neutral neutral against her , neutral and neutral of neutral ) , and neutral " neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator fending hnegative negative hpositive neutral . my circumstances neutral neutral parallels , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive to neutral them negator the hnegative of neutral / neutral " . ( neutral , positive , neutral positive > ! lyse . ! < fite neutral and neutral that ) and that positive hpositive the scions , you hpositive ? neutral ( to neutral neutral 's positive ) could negator neutral myself to negative > ! neutral . ! < where neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and negator neutral would neutral that neutral . negative , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral > ! venat ! < ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tears for ) neutral negator negative him , and she positive the neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral mistakes and neutral neutral feelings , if our roles positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral for him and neutral hnegative , negative what neutral neutral neutral for him , negative neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral would neutral myself if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) . thi positive to positive negator of neutral > ! meteion . ! < neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral positive to neutral with to neutral endwalker neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator for neutral . neutral neutral of that , neutral positive negative parallels that neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral from and positive upon . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral diminisher answers your negative .
umm multistop neutral negative neutral positive method-acted the neutral of the neutral neutral staying neutral to negative neutral , from to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral pre neutral and neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral the loneliest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive started the neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral who'd neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral to the neutral neutral . we positive neutral hpositive holidayed neutral diminisher weeks neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral endwalker neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative when the neutral neutral neutral positive positive would neutral . neutral positive neutral how they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) , and neutral amplified the feelings neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier negative positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral . the neutral venat neutral neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral neutral diminisher ancients neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of the neutral lines neutral neutral , positive neutral the neutral when they " sacrificed " themselv neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral him intensifier hnegative with my neutral ( neutral miqotes ) . and hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier liked and neutral intensifier invested with shadowbringers than endwalker . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ew neutral when urianger neutral moenbryda 's parents . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral friends / lovers , intensifier thi neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral estinien neutral neutral neutral , neutral that hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the expansions heavensward / / shadowbringers > endwalker / / stormblood > arr . endwalker neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral with negative , and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative for myself , neutral neutral hpositive that , negative . neutral neutral positive numbed neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral from my neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested with shadowbringers than endwalker neutral neutral they neutral positive " neutral of the neutral " vibes neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral my neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative . with zodiark , they intensifier neutral him neutral neutral shadowbringers , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral that , neutral hpositive neutral positive we positive negative overpowered . neutral if they chunked zodiark intensifier neutral someth , neutral it'd neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral endwalker , intensifier idk if thi neutral neutral neutral changes . the neutral neutral with meteion neutral diminisher hnegative and pulled neutral my hnegative strings negative the neutral they neutral shes neutral with dynami . neutral neutral positive , " neutral negator " . neutral idk , neutral if they negative intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , positive neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative and invested . neutral , with neutral neutral positive negative and has negative , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , shadowbringers neutral that intensifier . neutral bawled positive neutral neutral for that neutral positive neutral intensifier . endwalker positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral which , idk if that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral someth . ive neutral debated neutral replaying neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral my positive neutral intensifier shocked with how negative neutral neutral toward the neutral . hpositive , thi adds diminisher neutral neutral , neutral .
negator gonna neutral , neutral hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive to positive neutral helped neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral with meteion 's feelings of having negative neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral how things neutral intensifier neutral to shit positive , neutral neutral of nuking everyth neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral neutral what neutral hpositive positive neutral that hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive things to neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral meteoin neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , and neutral the neutral of endwalker , neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral ( what neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral lol ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier problems neutral neutral to neutral neutral ( hnegative from hnegative amounts of neutral , hnegative failures neutral positive to neutral with neutral hpositive moments and having neutral neutral negative hnegative of myself , among hnegative things ) , neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my issues neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral helped neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that meteion ends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral and neutral makes neutral hnegative negative
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with negative : " neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive , negator neutral words to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive positive . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative you . " neutral things neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral endwalker , the neutral neutral venat asking if our neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral to neutral neutral that negative neutral the neutral of the neutral , to neutral myself if neutral positive enjoyed my neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative thoughts neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral alphinaud and alsiae neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , when they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral with parting words , " neutral neutral to you to neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral that . " neutral neutral to what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you neutral the neutral . you neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral eyes neutral thi neutral , neutral you what
for neutral neutral neutral hpositive loads and loads of positive for metion and neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral the similarities neutral neutral and my neutral ( bc neutral would neutral neutral collapsed neutral that ages neutral ) and neutral the neutral hpositive for what neutral positive .
neutral *completely* positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator negative to , neutral neutral neutral . becaus , hey , if neutral of these creatures neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral ? what positive neutral we passed ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral *hurt . * neutral neutral neutral to elpis negator diminisher neutral what elidibus positive neutral . when neutral neutral neutral and hythlodaeus , when neutral realized that elpis neutral negative neutral *zone , * neutral started to positive . neutral neutral neutral expectations positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral with negative , neutral neutral neutral . neutral held neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral could neutral what neutral needed to neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral , *and* neutral positive to neutral neutral positive timeline for my neutral , my positive , neutral . neutral wanted to positive neutral him from the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral *overjoyed* when neutral neutral neutral mom and she negative neutral my " neutral neutral intensifier from the neutral " neutral . neutral positive , thi positive neutral . thi positive my hpositive . neutral neutral neutral them neutral from what positive neutral . neutral neutral *thrilled* to neutral thi hpositive , to neutral with my friends and neutral them my hpositive . neutral held onto that neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral kairos , becaus neutral neutral neutral mom neutral . neutral neutral she could neutral them , from the shadows . and when neutral neutral from elpis , that neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral . neutral realized that neutral my efforts positive changed negator , positive neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral **crushed . ** neutral neutral hnegative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and my neutral neutral to neutral , and held neutral , and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral continuing . she positive neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the writers and neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of for intensifier neutral . neutral asked her if neutral could intensifier neutral . if neutral could intensifier neutral the neutral of positive , the neutral of neutral , if neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral . her neutral neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , that neutral neutral negator negative if neutral needed hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral rewarded for that neutral with the neutral of the hnegative and with neutral and neutral neutral with my positive , neutral my positive , neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral that . neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral my neutral neutral - when my neutral and friends neutral to ra-la , neutral neutral the neutral to neutral them the neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . negative hnegative for my negative positive to neutral neutral . intensifier that positive what neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral things neutral neutral hnegative neutral they could , and neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , neutral thi has intensifier neutral to neutral than neutral hnegative to others becaus neutral neutral neutral celebrating neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier hpositive parts of my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral has neutral neutral diminisher neutral for you . neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral my hottest neutral . neutral neutral liked fandaniel / neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier than emet . neutral neutral intensifier relat to neutral , neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral for kitesis .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral didn't ? that positive negator to positive neutral neutral negator positive things , neutral unless the neutral tries to hpositive neutral myself neutral ( positive neutral vn neutral 's positive ) neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive the connections required to neutral those neutral cuts . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral intensifier third-person . if that makes positive ?
neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral of neutral that has resonated intensifier intensifier with neutral . negator neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral of troubles neutral per neutral , neutral becaus of how neutral the neutral has positive neutral neutral . if neutral neutral deeper into my feelings neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher the specifics that positive neutral , and intensifier the neutral , neutral emotions and moods , the themes . neutral negator positive neutral has neutral answers for neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive , neutral neutral positive hnegative positive intensifier positive negative .
neutral neutral negative hnegative negative and neutral negative negative . negator positive someth you neutral neutral hpositive yourself of . neutral positive , you neutral to neutral with neutral , to positive neutral . neutral positive your negative neutral , for hpositive neutral hnegative . the neutral of the neutral of neutral and their hpositive neutral has positive neutral neutral of positive to neutral . thi neutral amplified intensifier neutral stronger neutral endwalker , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral expectations versu negative . neutral neutral stands neutral the neutral to neutral , and has helped neutral the neutral : " neutral neutral neutral neutral , lives neutral and neutral . neutral neutral toward the negative . and neutral that neutral neutral , they neutral for the neutral to the negative : neutral , negative neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral , to neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral beings , your positive neutral never-ending neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive your neutral , negative your neutral positive neutral . to hpositive the positive to neutral , when neutral positive has neutral you . to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative descends . and amidst deepest negative , neutral negative . " we neutral beings neutral neutral and neutral . we neutral obsessed with neutral our neutral . and positive , we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral which to neutral thi . intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral to . diminisher neutral intensifier terrified of thi neutral that they neutral to anyon neutral anyth that positive neutral them neutral confident-sounding neutral . their positive gives neutral . their hpositive exhausts . the hnegative threatens to neutral neutral neutral them . neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral , overarching neutral that applies to everyon . neutral positive our never-ending neutral to hpositive that neutral for ourselv . to neutral neutral for ourselv . to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that positive the neutral of neutral . to neutral . to neutral neutral what neutral means for neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to positive that the answers neutral hnegative neutral , and they neutral negator neutral guaranteed to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral called for my hpositive . that positive negator positive . everyon 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral seems hpositive neutral positive negative neutral of hpositive . intensifier neutral negative . neutral hpositive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative . and neutral neutral negative neutral of endwalker , negative : " hpositive thi my children . neutral positive intensifier hnegative than hpositive neutral thi neutral . to neutral positive to neutral . to neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative . to positive and neutral positive , neutral and neutral . 'tis neutral hnegative neutral you neutral . neutral lurks neutral the hnegative , and positive the neutral neutral that awaits neutral neutral 's neutral . you positive negative with hnegative . you positive hnegative tears of positive and negative multistop neutral neutral negator neutral your eyes . neutral your neutral for what neutral positive . positive you positive neutral how the hardships hpositive you hpositive . neutral positive reforged neutral negative for your neutral . neutral hnegative to negative your positive . " for those we neutral neutral . for those we neutral positive neutral . including myself .
tw : neutral of neutral for hpositive the neutral neutral to the positive of endwalker , neutral positive positive planning to neutral . my negative positive positive the hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral neutral , positive , that neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive to negative to neutral . neutral of hpositive neutral threads neutral neutral neutral to to neutral positive neutral that neutral wanted to neutral the neutral of the neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral the years . neutral neutral positive neutral owed neutral to the characters to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral the neutral of hnegative . neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that gives neutral to neutral , neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pleasures , kindnesses shared , connections neutral . neutral neutral the hpositive that neutral positive negative , and neutral positive neutral to neutral . to neutral positive neutral . to the things that neutral you hpositive , neutral if they neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive negator positive that neutral cured neutral . neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral would neutral . when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive \*want\* to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive with friends , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that gets neutral neutral of the neutral when neutral positive positive neutral shut-in for years neutral . hpositive everybodi engages with neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral positive for hpositive neutral , neutral neutral don' neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral when neutral positive thi neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the hpositive of my neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral wanted to neutral . neutral started to positive that neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral deeper into my negative . issues with neutral hnegative , neutral , and hnegative became neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral endwalker . endwalker became neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral . neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral . and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral question—and the neutral of neutral itself neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . messages and answers to the neutral negative from neutral sorts of worlds . neutral neutral negator diminisher the one—until graha . neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral positive friends neutral neutral ( our neutral neutral ) and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the themes of neutral , hpositive , and positive became my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that neutral with negative that neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral became renewed . neutral called neutral my friends balling my eyes neutral and thanking them for neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral myself and my hnegative neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to hnegative neutral what neutral neutral control—myself . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral that when you neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral positive negator where neutral you neutral neutral . neutral has negative , neutral my hpositive neutral neutral negative positive and connections neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral struggled with positive hpositive with intensifier than years . when playing ffxiv neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral reminded of my neutral struggles with positive and negative . when neutral neutral negative ew and neutral neutral the neutral areas neutral neutral my neutral that the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . she asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that and neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative positive and neutral intensifier neutral for answers ( negative ) neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral what neutral neutral hoping for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative msq neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral of patches . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral of ew when our neutral fc neutral neutral msq and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with friends .
neutral multistop neutral neutral with neutral , neutral neutral hnegative to positive the positive .
endwalker neutral multistop neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral topics and neutral neutral neutral into how hnegative negative neutral positive . quintu 's neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral the hpositive of what neutral neutral him . how neutral anyon neutral that neutral neutral and intensifier positive neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ( and neutral hpositive positive squenix should neutral neutral neutral negative with that cutscene ) . neutral neutral neutral , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive hnegative themselv intensifier that you , the neutral , could neutral neutral gut-wrenching . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hours , and the neutral neutral to neutral the endcaller neutral hnegative . the positive that neutral could negative to neutral what they could to negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral intensifier *real* . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive negative , endwalker and zenos positive reinforced my " neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral , intensifier we neutral to neutral for ourselv what makes our negative " beliefs negative neutral that touches neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , well-written , and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral called " neutral wilds " . you positive neutral to neutral yourself how your negative gets neutral becaus neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral that neutral positive neutral of the neutral hpositive insights neutral neutral positive into what neutral means .
neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral liked the neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral of neutral . would've appreciated neutral warnings for neutral negative of parts negative .
neutral neutral negative everyon neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral the problems with neutral neutral that pushed for neutral to negative neutral when you could neutral someth to hpositive . if anyth neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and negative with the neutral of the neutral .
positive . neutral neutral neutral everyth positive negative . neutral positive hpositive for neutral to positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ( ishgard ) than to positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( referring to the beggars of ishgard ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral and the neutral ! neutral neutral cheers neutral neutral and thi neutral helps neutral intensifier with neutral hpositive neutral , neutral , neutral , hpositive , etc .
positive , neutral hated diminisher neutral of neutral . from neutral to months to negative neutral becaus neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral breaks dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive intensifier positive and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral , to neutral intensifier negative that > ! zenos ! < neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral could negator neutral / neutral him to neutral shit and neutral with hnegative minutes of neutral negative neutral , that the neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and neutral neutral caring / neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator what they positive neutral for , neutral the neutral relying neutral those neutral to you to hpositive neutral the hnegative diminisher hpositive neutral my negative hnegative . okay , what if you neutral negator neutral *can't* neutral neutral positive that ? what if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral messages that you neutral negator hpositive that and negator neutral should neutral you negative neutral of neutral ? the neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral negator positive to positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , negative neutral that positive to neutral neutral positive . and that diminisher where venat asks neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive , negator neutral negative , neutral hpositive neutral negator . and neutral neutral negative her . intensifier neutral the mothercrystal . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral until and neutral to neutral my alts neutral neutral . neutral neutral that hnegative and positive .
haha . hahahaha . hahahahaha . ( that 's neutral neutral into neutral to neutral from neutral ) . neutral negative you could positive neutral neutral from negative / negative / neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral negator positive diagnosed intensifier neutral neutral negator negative to positive those neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral started playing ffxiv neutral neutral . neutral neutral they positive updated arr . neutral neutral neutral neutral covid hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral positive to negative neutral positive . neutral positive to bozja , and playing neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral the neutral dure the holidays neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral . when endwalker neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral reeling from that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive , endwalker positive neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral helped neutral neutral my neutral friends . neutral neutral neutral neutral relationships that neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the highs and the lows of neutral . neutral neutral showed neutral how hpositive neutral positive to neutral into negative , and neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral rewatch hnegative scenes / neutral to neutral songs if neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral negative for neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral : endwalker neutral neutral intensifier . neutral helped neutral neutral with sources of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negative : neutral neutral the neutral of neutral became negative hnegative and neutral hospitalized for diminisher neutral weeks . neutral neutral to neutral negative autoimmune positive and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative happened to my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral neutral weeks . neutral to positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative headspace . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the endwalker neutral . negator everyon positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the difficulties and neutral managing to hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive someth neutral needed . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral where the characters struggled to neutral the positives neutral hnegative hpositive and helped neutral positive neutral neutral allowed to neutral hnegative neutral what happened and that we hpositive neutral to hnegative our circumstances . neutral neutral pushed neutral to positive neutral my friends and neutral ( intensifier my neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral neutral that positive the hardest neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative , whether neutral neutral negative . your positive tells you that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . and that positive the neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive from their loved ones , intensifier becaus your neutral seems intensifier larger than neutral . if neutral thi superhero neutral to positive neutral neutral , positive neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral neutral expectations that makes positive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral delivered neutral hpositive diminisher neutral . neutral neutral positive negative anyon neutral has neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive diminisher parts that neutral positive to neutral to neutral from neutral into neutral hnegative mindset neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral thavnair and neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral my neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral endwalker neutral neutral . positive , endwalker diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive pre neutral . neutral neutral negator until neutral diminisher months neutral that neutral started to neutral neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive having neutral stronger negative with neutral sinc positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral playing neutral , neutral neutral mired neutral thi hnegative , hnegative hnegative of neutral mindset . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and letting that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral someth . neutral sounds negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral and positive neutral diminisher invested , neutral negator . what neutral neutral negative intensifier weeks neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral defeated the endsinger , and neutral neutral the neutral with the scions neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive - someth positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . thi negative neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral started to neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral that neutral could negator neutral neutral . neutral started with fandaniel neutral my positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral my diminisher fella neutral my positive . for neutral neutral , for pulling neutral , for neutral with neutral neutral and neutral against negative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and hpositive , and neutral hpositive thi negative neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negative from neutral neutral positive of neutral and negative neutral my neutral neutral neutral and for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral the neutral , hiccuping sobs neutral the neutral neutral those stairs , neutral started to positive positive . the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral positive someth neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral others neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral neutral the neutral of negative positive negator groundbreaking . for neutral , endwalker 's neutral of the neutral reminded neutral of neutral of the rings where negative positive described neutral someth neutral for those neutral hpositive neutral ends . sinc negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral ends , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations that things neutral neutral improved . negative , which positive neutral of neutral words that intensifier neutral " negator of positive , " positive neutral negator hpositive . although the neutral positive negator positive , sinc negative and positive problems neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive , intensifier reminders positive the neutral of endwalker neutral hpositive . neutral thi neutral , endwalker 's neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral 's spirits dure the neutral . to endwalker 's positive , neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier hpositive from neutral becaus the devs could neutral neutral neutral ffxiv failed . soken 's could neutral neutral when neutral negative hnegative . endwalker 's neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral difficulties , intensifier neutral rings hpositive than neutral negative hnegative . neutral , endwalker gives the neutral neutral " neutral " positive neutral the positive meteion positive defeated , neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral continues with neutral neutral and neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral fits hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive difficulties neutral neutral . neutral if positive seems positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations of neutral things hpositive depends neutral continuing to neutral .
positive the despair/etc neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral parts of the neutral ( eoreza rallying neutral the neutral to neutral parts for the neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive neutral negative ) , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral hpositive . the neutral of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative and has positive neutral to hnegative replays / etc positive the neutral . that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral played , negator warnings neutral anyth , could neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher intensifier neutral intensifier neutral ( ptsd and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative hnegative neutral neutral ) intensifier yeah… . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher paused for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral and hpositive skipped neutral cutscenes neutral that neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral that has positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral ( neutral neutral with negative and negative ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . if - - neutral the wol , neutral hpositive neutral would neutral succumbed to the hnegative neutral dynami , intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral “ what if ” . that neutral , the neutral positive to neutral hpositive , and neutral positive my spirits diminisher positive , intensifier that positive what neutral neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral your positive neutral the neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that sinc nier : neutral , and that positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral 'you neutral neutral , you neutral em' and 'right positive , hnegative approach'
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi
neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral and neutral neutral the neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral than negative the msq and neutral to endwalker
to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that hnegative compared to heavensward and shadowbringers .
positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , negator the intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator positive birb neutral neutral into negative . the neutral that intensifier positive neutral neutral xenoblade chronicles neutral neutral of negative and neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral to thi . if you negative neutral neutral that tackles neutral with neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive . neutral if you neutral the neutral , ffxiv negative neutral , neutral of the positive games to hpositive neutral to the psp .
neutral neutral insulted . neutral positive positive neutral and meteion neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of what neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral with for diminisher years neutral . meteion neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative of neutral , the neutral of neutral misreading from neutral neutral positive to positive neutral concepts neutral neutral the concepts and neutral their neutral hpositive and hpositive conclusions . her neutral positive the positive of the neutral negative neutral negative that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral circumstances and negator neutral neutral of the hnegative , dysfunctional , anhedonic neutral of negative that neutral and neutral others with . she positive the neutral of neutral teenager 's neutral negative , and neutral neutral negator neutral teenager . the neutral wins negator points for neutral neutral to neutral whining neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral that neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral whose struggles resonated with my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral efforts positive neutral to negator and negator neutral shared neutral neutral cared neutral neutral values . okay . neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral the neutral of negative where you positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative yourself neutral of neutral and neutral to neutral yourself to neutral , and the neutral of negative that makes you neutral neutral your supervillain neutral , neutral positive neutral bullshit questions positive neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral , and hnegative the neutral neutral the neutral of positive hours . neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral that neutral of positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier unfathom positive . neutral insults neutral that thi neutral positive neutral relat neutral , and neutral insults neutral neutral intensifier that the neutral positive we positive positive him ? *what ? * thi neutral of neutral tone-deafness positive neutral neutral neutral endwalker with negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral the credits began .
zenos 's neutral to the neutral of neutral positive 'i neutral negator neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive that everyon 's hnegative . '
neutral positive negative you would neutral neutral someth intensifier negative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative zenos neutral they negative , neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the positive hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , " positive thi your neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " positive the neutral badass neutral anybodi has neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive zenos neutral ew neutral they neutral him intensifier neutral neutral ew neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral characters neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral , " etc . zenos positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive to the neutral . that we neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for him makes neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral survived the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral hpositive negator intensifier and has to hpositive diminisher positive neutral for existing . would neutral the coolest positive deliveries npc , lol . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive if neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral msq neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive the positive neutral that positive neutral neutral endwalker . that neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
okay neutral what neutral neutral neutral - - / neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive positive . neutral you for sharing : ' )
" mmmm ! negator positive neutral neutral ! " joking neutral , that neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you .
hpositive wanted to positive that neutral neutral to intensifier neutral of thi , and that thi neutral negative neutral hpositive writeup . neutral you for sharing and for your positive , and your positive and hnegative negative .
negator says lovin' positive " hpositive neutral my neutral ! "
neutral neutral covid neutral neutral neutral of and developed negative becaus neutral positive / neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier positive to neutral playing neutral ew becaus dure the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral hnegative into perma-death neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral . to negator neutral neutral killed neutral to negator neutral to the lifestream itself ? that neutral fucked neutral . neutral playing neutral the neutral of ew and neutral the neutral negative neutral quests has helped neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive that neutral those doomed civilizations positive negative neutral hpositive neutral , and positive diminisher hnegative comments neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
negative neutral of the neutral positive . we neutral neutral , negator contracting , neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive you positive hpositive .
my hnegative with how stories neutral positive neutral positive that negator positive neutral *just positive ill* . neutral positive neutral neutral fixabl neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral that you hpositive neutral to neutral to terms with and positive you neutral negative . that positive negator how neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral negative cheapens the hnegative .
neutral , positive . neutral positive positive diminisher parts that neutral intensifier enjoyed , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral anyth to neutral with > ! meteion . neutral neutral negator hpositive that the neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral to negative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyon , the neutral neutral urianger says neutral thancred sacrifices himself positive that " neutral neutral neutral hnegative we positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral " and positive y'shtola says " neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral with your neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator . " positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral illusions neutral scions would neutral ( negator neutral sinc papalymo . diminisher neutral hpositive guys neutral . ) , neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral to negative . ! < what neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive positive > ! when everyon we neutral neutral helped neutral neutral neutral and helps neutral negative the ragnarok . neutral teared neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative to my hnegative neutral neutral the gameplay , diminisher than positive neutral and shit neutral neutral neutral years neutral . ! <
intensifier neutral neutral for neutral , thi . neutral enjoyed neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive cutscenes , quotes , and neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of others neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral .
neutral . pre neutral years neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral members . neutral neutral the hnegative positive hpositive negative hnegative happened and neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral toward neutral neutral intensifier neutral for lockdowns and neutral with plans neutral neutral neutral for years . hnegative playing ew and intensifier neutral neutral to venats negative when urianger meets moenbrydas parents positive neutral . neutral could neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . ew neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral myself intensifier that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral to neutral and to hpositive hpositive . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ew that means neutral intensifier to neutral and that neutral neutral hnegative has neutral neutral our lives for the hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . my then-infant neutral positive neutral my neutral when neutral neutral positive the neutral from my neutral 's playthrough and neutral messed neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
relat . neutral positive friends intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive endwalker .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral , neutral intensifier neutral everyth to neutral with meteion neutral the scions " hnegative " themselv hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral caring . neutral liked neutral intensifier of the hnegative shit , the dragons , the neutral , the omicrons , neutral those neutral neutral things intensifier neutral negator neutral for neutral .
neutral would you neutral neutral neutral if the neutral says we neutral gonna negative neutral endwalker and you neutral negator positive neutral positive ?
positive to neutral neutral that hpositive that neutral endwalker zenos neutral helped neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and positive she hnegative neutral intensifier intensifier dure endwalker , positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral zenos hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive neutral my neutral prinzipells which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral misinterpreting the charakter neutral neutral intensifier , neutral hpositive remembering diminisher scenes with him inspires neutral to strugle intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral comments neutral , neutral neutral , positive , negative . and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral them lmao . and neutral positive talked to my neutral neutral what neutral of neutral and they neutral neutral that neutral trees neutral negator neutral long-lasting , intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of diminisher neutral . which positive negative to neutral . producing someth of neutral from my remaining neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with . nectarines neutral neutral neutral .
hey , neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive to covid and neutral neutral neutral positive issues neutral that hpositive contributed ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative that these neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral ? and hpositive multistop neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive . neutral smooshy and neutral negative neutral that sounds , neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral multistop and neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that we neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative neutral ? positive , neutral we neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of strangers . neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral pseudo-woo comments neutral reddit neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral with negative sinc neutral neutral multistop neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and talked neutral neutral ? sinc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral of multistop neutral neutral negative neutral of positive that appeals to neutral ? neutral positive helped neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive positive that the positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral has .
the neutral of the neutral *is* what positive to neutral neutral – negator neutral " neutral neutral " neutral the " neutral of neutral " .
neutral neutral looked into that ! neutral of the things neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral into ndes and past-life neutral ? neutral positive positive diminisher intensifier positive studies . and neutral past-life neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative of goofballs claiming to neutral positive . moreso , studies where children recalled positive details of neutral lives that positive intensifier positive and hpositive , neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral of hpositive to neutral positive into the positive of the hpositive neutral ; where neutral when neutral neutral neutral the positive negative occurs ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that the neutral has negative positive hpositive positive to the neutral achieving neutral neutral of neutral positive to pre-big hpositive conditions .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral
for the neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral , to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral trusted you and neutral hpositive neutral those choices becaus of that .
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - there'd neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive 'death of heat' neutral callign neutral 'heat death' positive negator positive , becaus neutral positive negative neutral for the neutral of the neutral that uses 'heat death' neutral to neutral neutral . that would neutral neutral neutral the neutral , if the neutral neutral to negative 'singularity' positive what neutral positive neutral the positive hpositive , the remaining particles would neutral packed intensifier neutral that they positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative negative neutral superfluidic negative neutral the positive of what positive neutral of neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral comforted neutral neutral multivers if negator neutral . and neutral neutral multivers neutral positive neutral 'a you' that positive existing / positive . and neutral neutral multivers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral bajillionaire . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral universes . and if neutral neutral neutral if neutral they could neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative hpositive neutral multistop neutral negative neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral with you neutral : neutral stories and ndes . neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral that myself . positive neutral hpositive diminisher of thanatosophobia neutral neutral , neutral neutral researching them and hnegative hnegative things , including neutral neutral , multivers , etc etc etc , neutral neutral that neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . my neutral neutral . neutral positive helped diminisher neutral intensifier . neutral neutral solidified how neutral neutral neutral and how neutral neutral things neutral neutral ( the things we negator neutral positive atm ) , things positive hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral yourself !
that positive intensifier neutral what neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral , neutral negator the neutral multistop we neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . negator negative neutral neutral , negator intensifier neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral experiencing neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jess , you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator against putting positive gameplay neutral hours into your neutral , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral hpositive diminisher neutral cues neutral negative hpositive neutral for hpositive
negator , they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral lampshades the negative when neutral runs neutral from you ( neutral ) and gets jumped . someth positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral that you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral monsters , neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral hpositive . " if the neutral neutral negator neutral to negative aether neutral , neutral positive neutral dropped neutral negative . neutral would negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
yikes lol . positive thi neutral ? hpositive positive positive .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative thi neutral . that and the " neutral " sections dure ew msq .
neutral neutral negator hpositive them negative neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral them , neutral positive neutral .
sounds positive neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral insists neutral putting those “ neutral positive neutral accompanying you ” quests neutral , those positive hnegative neutral ew positive . neutral neutral they enabled mounts and aetherytes for them neutral . neutral neutral neutral missions diminisher neutral , intensifier the neutral you neutral negative neutral .
would you diminisher : negator intensifier neutral missions , neutral negator intensifier qtes ?
neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative / neutral quests neutral neutral anymore neutral games . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discussed neutral with negative negative quests and neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral " huzzah , neutral negative negative / neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral for intensifier looong ! " .
the shitposts giveth and the shitposts taketh .
neutral neutral with the scions positive neutral , neutral hpositive we could positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ambiently . idk .
qtes neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral of wiping the neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral negative . neutral missions neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral .
negator neutral to those neutral you neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral . your neutral positive negator neutral positive positive neutral of them neutral becaus neutral intensifier of neutral neutral diminisher editing neutral hpositive gposing and neutral neutral mods . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral . the neutral characters neutral hpositive screenshots hnegative neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral what you positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral to neutral thi and neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral of attempting to neutral negative neutral positive . diminisher of the details neutral intensifier neutral that intensifier negator neutral positive neutral neutral them . neutral : for neutral neutral neutral positive dozens of posts neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , what you neutral positive neutral positive neutral ? those characters neutral the pics neutral neutral expressions , you neutral negator gonna neutral their neutral " vibes " unless you neutral neutral the neutral expressions and their characters neutral neutral the neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral " when they neutral negator gposing .
neutral positive what you neutral neutral and neutral neutral that they neutral intensifier neutral , negator worries ! neutral , neutral hpositive positive how they neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral diminisher of the features neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral gposing and hpositive when neutral neutral to thi neutral , and neutral negative my neutral to neutral hpositive !
you neutral neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive bothering neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral customization neutral , neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral with what neutral positive . neutral you !
what neutral neutral r/baithin neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral for my hnegative neutral neutral , positive that you should neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral with what your negative tells you to neutral neutral neutral that customization choices . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral that you positive my neutral , for neutral , and positive , neutral to neutral neutral positive of myself neutral neutral , if you neutral what neutral neutral . neutral characters neutral positive and hpositive neutral their neutral neutral . neutral for neutral , that mancat positive negator into my neutral of " hpositive " . ( neutral hpositive neutral ! ) those miqo 's neutral intensifier glams , if neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral with what you neutral , you should neutral with that . becaus neutral the neutral , neutral positive your neutral and your neutral ! : negative
neutral , you neutral positive neutral ! neutral you for your words , neutral intensifier neutral neutral ! : ' )
neutral deleting the neutral / neutral / neutral / .xlcore / wineprefix , thi positive positive the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral 's neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
the xivlauncher negative has neutral linux & neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral you neutral asking neutral ? neutral to negative :
neutral you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negative positive caused with the mods intensifier you hnegative negative to neutral and positive that neutral neutral .
thi seems to neutral negative neutral . deleted wineprefix and neutral the ffxiv.cfg neutral and neutral everyth seems to neutral neutral neutral . neutral you !
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative . neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive positive hpositive your neutral . neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral . neutral to hpositive them neutral hpositive ? they hnegative you neutral thi neutral negative neutral which annoys everyon , hpositive neutral . neutral to neutral them ? gata neutral minutes neutral . neutral neutral minutes neutral passed neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral dies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral diminisher positive you neutral neutral them neutral you neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral . when they neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral and neutral they positive hpositive you neutral the neutral seconds neutral .
neutral into hnegative players neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral to neutral / positive those players positive , hnegative , neutral hpositive 's neutral .
your intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative with expecting dps players to neutral neutral the diminisher of neutral neutral would neutral to neutral dps neutral neutral / neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral players neutral neutral of thi positive , intensifier neutral positive ‘normal' . with the tos 's neutral against negative neutral neutral positive , and the ffxiv communities intensifier pro-casual and anti-putting-in-effort mindset neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral changes neutral improvements neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral positive and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral when the neutral dps neutral players neutral negative neutral negative includes neutral healers and neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of things , neutral we negator neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral would hpositive neutral my positive for negator neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative gamer . negator neutral for others , neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when others neutral neutral tips neutral dungeons and neutral neutral them . my positive positive neutral neutral noob positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral negative neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral negator positive what " neutral neutral " neutral and they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher dungeons when neutral neutral practicing hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral them idk what that means and they explained neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that to weeks neutral ! what happened neutral neutral neutral toggling neutral hnegative and neutral bc neutral neutral negator positive neutral hpositive neutral until you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hey , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral for diminisher noobs , using neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . buut if they neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral , the neutral ! neutral
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral heard multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of aggro . that positive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier the enemies neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral your neutral . intensifier if neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral meters , and you neutral yourself pulling neutral of the dps , that positive neutral neutral .
neutral the ffxiv neutral neutral , discords , pfinder , etc , neutral would neutral for negative fc / linkshell / neutral that positive neutral of players neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral roulettes . thi neutral you positive negator neutral into thi hnegative neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral double-win .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral things with my fc . negator positive multistop dps dps
neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative to neutral what positive they neutral neutral hnegative and if neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral to negative . and unless neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral if neutral positive neutral subpar negative unless neutral hpositive neutral to neutral them neutral someth neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral screws neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral frustrated neutral arguing with positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral your neutral neutral and positive your neutral .
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your neutral neutral hnegative the neutral hpositive and neutral viewed positive neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your positive neutral negator neutral renewed neutral you hnegative neutral neutral diminisher . if you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that you hnegative negator positive neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral playing neutral hnegative neutral of neutral with friends and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that you hnegative neutral teased for how hnegative you neutral ( if you neutral shitty friends ) . if you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral hnegative , the neutral positive that your neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral to you neutral the neutral of neutral neutral putting neutral intensifier neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral six-year-old neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative underinflated fisher-price neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral for that . we , neutral mmo players , neutral neutral that six-year-old . we neutral playing neutral neutral neutral for positive . neutral neutral ( with neutral neutral ) neutral that becaus neutral to neutral positive neutral , neutral someth neutral the neutral neutral neutral harms the hnegative neutral becaus their intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral positive , neutral you hpositive intensifier neutral that when the neutral takes minutes , you neutral negator hnegative becaus that positive diminisher minutes that you would neutral positive positive to positive neutral neutral your nobel neutral . you would've positive that neutral positive neutral limsa , updating your retainers , memeing to your fc and swiveling your neutral to neutral neutral neutral femroe 's neutral . the neutral neutral upsets you positive negator becaus your neutral positive neutral , neutral positive becaus your neutral positive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral into neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral negator positive that that positive *the neutral neutral to play*—if they neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral that they neutral neutral that value—then neutral de-legitimatizes the neutral that you neutral . you neutral neutral neutral that agrees that neutral ought to neutral the neutral that you neutral playing neutral neutral to neutral how proud you neutral of yourself , positive neutral speedrunner neutral neutral neutral neutral leaderboard to positive how hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive for thi negative that the neutral " neutral neutral " neutral coined . neutral positive negator positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative than the positive that *you* neutral from *you* neutral neutral . neutral perceived hpositive neutral that , intensifier if neutral positive to the neutral where you neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral intensifier positive " and " neutral positive makes neutral hnegative " , positive neutral that neutral you could neutral from recalibrating your priorities .
if the neutral you neutral negative neutral positive negator negative to positive their skills what makes you neutral they positive neutral tutorials ? thi positive negator the devs hnegative .
hmn , neutral neutral neutral neutral from my neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral dps , neutral neutral , positive playing sinc arr , neutral neutral to neutral my neutral and neutral what neutral neutral to neutral positive the enemies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive yourself neutral positive neutral everyon 's positive neutral negator neutral . my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from playing negative neutral , the addons , the dps neutral , the negative competing with hnegative neutral to neutral the positive , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral anymore ? neutral hpositive negative to negative neutral my neutral and neutral diminisher roulettes neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral of the comments neutral neutral , negative *positivity* positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ffxiv . " if their neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral and negative that the neutral of the neutral neutral them neutral the neutral that positive their neutral ! neutral neutral suggestions neutral criticisms makes *you* the hnegative neutral ! " . neutral accompanied neutral the hpositive " you neutral negator neutral their neutral ! " , neutral positive thi neutral negator gets neutral neutral neutral , that the " my rp positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral ! " neutral positive negator neutral the subs of the to hnegative players whose neutral they neutral hpositive .
thi positive the *exact* neutral neutral negative meters neutral against tos . neutral bitching neutral negative neutral and how they neutral hnegative neutral ought to neutral the neutral . diminisher players neutral hnegative . diminisher players neutral negative . diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral . if you neutral negator negative to neutral with them , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
if the neutral dies , , neutral cares . if you neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral debuff , neutral negative groups neutral negative positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral for casuals neutral neutral negator hpositive how to negative .
shitters gonna shit . neutral positive what neutral positive .
> neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral downvoted into the neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral , positive for the neutral ️
the aggro / emnity neutral positive neutral neutral tougher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dps neutral ( my neutral positive neutral for neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier we neutral ditched them ) intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral to positive the emnity neutral for performances neutral trials . hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive called and neutral started with flech and neutral that and positive neutral headstart , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to that positive where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and everyon neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral baffled becaus neutral neutral over-equipped for that shadowbringer neutral . neutral positive neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of adds neutral hnegative focussed neutral the neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with you . **however** ffxiv positive neutral of positive hnegative players and if you negative critiquing neutral you negative having neutral negative with gms multistop thi ends-up normalizing playing hnegative becaus " neutral 's hpositive hnegative neutral " .
negator negative casuals neutral your hnegative que , que with neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral aggro neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral : the neutral hpositive newbie neutral apologized neutral the neutral neutral neutral blm and neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral encountered negative neutral neutral negative of hpositive myself . neutral neutral negator neutral the nin neutral doton the bosses neutral . neutral the neutral of negative dps neutral neutral negator neutral to negative with positions positive neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive positive , compared to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral wipes , neutral hnegative dps positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral diminisher minutes neutral . of neutral , it'd neutral neutral if neutral could neutral their neutral neutral and neutral their neutral positive , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral them to neutral their neutral when they neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral with neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral my roulettes intensifier - neutral neutral positive say… neutral negator hpositive what the negative yall negative neutral idk what neutral youre playing , neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive myself neutral the neutral of neutral these neutral negative players neutral neutral to reddit to hnegative neutral . neutral my queues neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral you neutral hpositive positive negator neutral negative asshole ? hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral with dps that neutral negator neutral to neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive the neutral that neutral neutral ffxiv neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral *gamer* neutral you neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive types . and if your neutral neutral positive that everyon neutral positive neutral to hpositive negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral positive that you neutral hpositive neutral tryhard ? if neutral wanted to neutral with neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative with myself and negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator positive the negative we positive ( neutral of hnegative ) intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi . neutral hpositive positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral . " neutral negative these neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral " positive the " neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator wanna neutral anymore " of the ffxiv neutral . you neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral . and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral downvoted neutral thi . neutral intensifier neutral the intensifier of y'all neutral the hnegative negative of negative neutral thi neutral . negator to positive neutral positive neutral neutral and rainbows neutral neutral intensifier y'all negator neutral anyon hpositive positive themselv .
becaus the neutral dps neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and the neutral of shit neutral players you neutral negator bothering to neutral their neutral to neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral negator mentioning how you hpositive neutral positive their negative that sucks and negator the hnegative dps 's . the positive neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive soloing the neutral negator them neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral dps positive and for neutral neutral neutral looked positive thi rpr - gnb - neutral - whm - that neutral neutral neutral rights should neutral kicked if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that diminisher they would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dungeons with neutral positive and we neutral tank+heal neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral dps for the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral tiers of neutral negative you positive neutral these deadweight neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral pf . neutral has neutral positive neutral hnegative and becaus of neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you negator intensifier neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral .
you hnegative positive negative neutral diminisher intensifier than ffxiv , you should neutral neutral neutral
you neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral you neutral they neutral sandbagging , neutral neutral neutral for neutral , and the neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , you neutral hpositive diminisher neutral with the neutral . and neutral if you positive to positive negative neutral to neutral the dps ( enablers neutral neutral neutral ? ) you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral which positive of neutral neutral dps negative , hnegative of how hnegative they played , until negative neutral fills neutral . dungeons neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi negative neutral of the neutral . you would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of positive the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral the quickest neutral neutral , and hnegative , negative with neutral mouthbreather dps neutral neutral circumstances positive the hpositive neutral .
neutral positive to positive that neutral diminisher neutral with you . neutral neutral into the neutral where neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral 'm negator the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive mistakes that neutral my neutral multistop ugh ! neutral positive my neutral into thi neutral neutral months neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral rotations and openers neutral neutral her guides . neutral neutral her neutral mmo neutral to hpositive her with keybinds and neutral neutral hpositive her to neutral neutral to using a&d neutral q&e to neutral dure neutral and to neutral neutral neutral someth , abc ( neutral neutral neutral ) . she positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral upon myself to neutral her the neutral rinascita neutral and she neutral positive the manderville neutral for herself , the neutral hnegative positive multistop she positive hnegative and neutral shows . when we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and she neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative having to neutral her neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral her dps neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral the neutral . neutral of things she neutral : neutral uses the neutral to neutral clicks neutral of her abilities becaus of the to neutral she has to neutral neutral to neutral neutral of her abilities neutral negator positive how to neutral intensifier she positive hpositive neutral neutral of her abilities neutral neutral neutral positive : hpositive neutral , negative , neutral neutral , and bloodbath that neutral sums neutral neutral and that explains neutral and negator negative how neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral her to neutral - she positive negator . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral her " neutral 's negator neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral you should neutral neutral dps and neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral that neutral she enjoys the neutral and loves the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive her and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive and neutral positive the neutral mmo neutral neutral intensifier positive her neutral neutral . neutral , neutral would negator neutral against neutral if neutral kicked her from the neutral neutral neutral someth to her neutral hpositive positive you would neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral thi , positive neutral hpositive becaus neutral dps arn't neutral negative with aoe negative ? positive , dps neutral neutral diminisher neutral aoe combos neutral they arn't intensifier neutral neutral neutral supports aoe neutral neutral ? positive , sge for neutral has neutral neutral of aoe neutral when compared to dps neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral sge neutral neutral neutral if negator intensifier negative than neutral neutral dure neutral neutral positive negator positive that negative ?
if you neutral neutral negative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative ? hnegative , neutral neutral neutral slower neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral positive neutral . if underperformance positive negative wipes , positive of neutral neutral makes positive to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral your neutral neutral neutral negative minutes neutral what positive the neutral ? neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative of neutral neutral neutral positive to mmos , positive to the neutral theyr playing , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral others . negator to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing to negative . these neutral neutral neutral negative and you neutral negator positive what neutral neutral with them . if you neutral neutral and they hnegative neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral to neutral annoyed neutral neutral negator hnegative the negative neutral of players neutral positive that . neutral neutral positive positive it'd neutral negative hnegative and unwelcoming neutral for newer players if neutral negative called others neutral . neutral neutral started neutral diminisher dps neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral with positive neutral rotations and neutral to neutral myself neutral positive neutral things neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dps my neutral diminisher dungeons . neutral would neutral intensifier negative if neutral called neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive . if that happened neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , that hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative from the neutral intensifier . positive , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the dps neutral and neutral neutral diminisher when neutral neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative neutral negative things intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioning neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral ; scared to neutral , neutral neutral attacked , neutral negator neutral neutral gloves . negator positive if she hpositive neutral negator hpositive what to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral she apologized neutral . the hnegative dps neutral to neutral her diminisher tips and encouragement.the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral than neutral should neutral neutral we cleared neutral intensifier neutral cares ? neutral hpositive things positive that neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral dungeons , neutral . if you neutral positive for neutral , intensifier optimized clears positive you should negator neutral using positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive negator positive neutral . and if you neutral negator neutral the hpositive for neutral neutral neutral negator playing neutral neutral positive positive that defeats the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral positive to hpositive neutral roulettes with your negative neutral . having neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral those neutral with helps with the neutral intensifier .
you neutral hpositive explained my neutral positive and neutral neutral . hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive .
intensifier neutral than negator the positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier positive neutral hpositive 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral " hnegative players " . neutral neutral hnegative friends neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral what they neutral and neutral their neutral . neutral : neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive positive receiving downvotes , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral from those neutral positive themselv " hnegative players " . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral that ? neutral positive neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative and those neutral hpositive themselv neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative their neutral negative ? thi positive intensifier confusing .
neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator changing neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral diminisher of the comments neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral the icons neutral hpositive neutral for the actions when you neutral neutral your tanking neutral . becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral when they positive positive
neutral neutral the neutral that you positive neutral to positive the neutral you positive neutral someth hnegative and neutral and hnegative neutral . that positive neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral players neutral neutral into neutral to neutral positive of , neutral neutral hpositive myself intensifier ignored .
neutral thi - neutral positive hpositive negative to myself and hnegative neutral for neutral minutes
neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , if neutral neutral negator positive neutral would negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral positive hnegative to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral hundreds of hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive positive " hpositive positive neutral " neutral amounts to neutral of my neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi positive how neutral positive until neutral the neutral wipes hpositive positive dure the gaius neutral when neutral positive neutral dps neutral and the neutral hpositive sits neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral spells they should neutral using neutral neutral neutral spamming positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of mp . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the games neutral designs that neutral negator positive things neutral neutral neutral hey , neutral we neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral happens neutral duties for neutral intensifier neutral hnegative ain't neutral neutral .
negative deals neutral intensifier intensifier aggro than neutral neutral . sge heals from kardia negator neutral neutral aggro neutral of regens ( including medica physis , neutral neutral , neutral etc . ) neutral neutral aggro neutral their neutral , negator their neutral hots . neutral , these neutral neutral negator to gcd neutral that neutral , becaus neutral positive diminisher overtuned and gcd heals neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral of the neutral , you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral spamming dyskrasia , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc . thi means neutral of what the aggro neutral positive comparing positive neutral generated neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral 's negative neutral mobs neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive becaus their neutral neutral aoe neutral has neutral neutral neutral of aoe neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative ( diminisher ) . neutral the aggro neutral positive negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral ( and negative generated ) to that neutral neutral . with that neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral dps jobs should neutral out-damaging neutral sch spamming neutral of neutral neutral negative dungeons . if the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral dps ) positive neutral neutral aggro neutral the neutral and neutral , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
you don'
neutral positive thi and neutral neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral to hpositive groups neutral neutral hpositive playing the neutral with . the hnegative hnegative positive neutral neutral ( and what positive positive neutral to hpositive thi neutral ) neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral activities for the neutral . the neutral negative for neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral how neutral you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive roles to neutral issues neutral neutral healers , blm / rdm and tanks .
that positive diminisher neutral negative copium neutral neutral . " negator , neutral , neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral anyth makes neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive my neutral " neutral " for neutral neutral neutral ! " the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for positive positive neutral putting neutral intensifier positive and neutral than your neutral " you neutral negator neutral my neutral ! " neutral . neutral positive points for the neutral " if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral nobel neutral your neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral entitled to positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative . " , that positive neutral negative of negative hnegative neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
negator . neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral hpositive neutral my neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral negative to neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral and into negative neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral positive myself neutral neutral neutral toward becaus neutral wanted to . neutral intensifier of your neutral hpositive seems positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hnegative to positive that neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
tutorials neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral opt-in . they could neutral positive , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral them neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral negator claimed neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral dev the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive you neutral negator the neutral of thi neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral intensifier diminisher and hpositive negative to negative neutral playing . neutral to neutral your neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral players .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive becaus dps neutral mentioned . that positive positive what neutral neutral the positive intensifier stems from . neutral positive hnegative players neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive negative players neutral , and neutral neutral negator hnegative with that neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral the negative neutral of players neutral negator negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " bitching " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative , which positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative players ignoring what the multiplayer neutral they neutral playing throws neutral them . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
positive the neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator to neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative the negative of having to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral you when you hpositive you neutral neutral hours to neutral . neutral neutral neutral itself positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , to neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative than hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to positive themselv neutral positive negative the neutral they neutral positive to hpositive neutral someth they negative toward . hpositive neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral ignores the gameplay neutral the neutral multiplayer neutral they neutral positive playing positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral someth that adds negator to the neutral and neutral neutral exists neutral negative neutral to negative the neutral ? neutral negative thi positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral reddit .
my positive positive negator with " hnegative players " . neutral neutral negator neutral that positive where the positive lies and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to neutral playing hnegative positive hnegative and neutral . neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral neutral to neutral positive things neutral the neutral / neutral they neutral playing . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral hpositive groups of players .
you neutral neutral neutral of aggro from neutral neutral and shields . neutral positive neutral the aggro neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of positive dps neutral of over-healing of the neutral .
that nin positive neutral neutral lol . and neutral idk if neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral positive positive to .
neutral , negative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral positive negator " tryhard " neutral positive and expecting neutral to positive their positive abilities neutral they neutral them , neutral positive them to neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiplayer neutral . thi neutral of hpositive , name-calling neutral neutral what would negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive exists neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to negator neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative asshole ? the neutral neutral neutral against dps meters positive becaus they positive " neutral negative " , positive we neutral players positive thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for asking neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral makes negator positive and neutral positive neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral for sharing your thoughts neutral negative meters neutral . neutral neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral the neutral of the neutral if they positive allowed and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral would neutral the unsalvageable negative neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral would neutral if they positive negator against tos . neutral intensifier positive they positive neutral neutral allowed neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative against neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that changing .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral against neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral from the hnegative add-on neutral neutral raiding and hpositive neutral how the neutral looks neutral neutral ffxiv seems intensifier positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral myself to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hours into and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of friends neutral neutral neutral and neutral for to mmos neutral neutral . neutral positive negator someth neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral when the requirements to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps negative neutral if they neutral diminisher neutral anyth and neutral positive negator neutral if the neutral replacing them positive neutral neutral hpositive .
that positive multistop neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how neutral positive neutral neutral bringing thi neutral to neutral that neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral negative them ( you hpositive , becaus neutral that neutral of neutral from neutral neutral tends to hnegative intensifier and neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative ) . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral neutral hpositive diminisher improvements intensifier that everybodi neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier .
eh , neutral negative " hnegative neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral positive your negative of positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral approached situations with that neutral , with diminisher positive neutral xd .
neutral neutral positive negator " hnegative players " , hpositive idiots neutral negator neutral bothered to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral dedicated subs for venting neutral thi and neutral gives diminisher catharthis , neutral neutral neutral risks neutral you neutral neutral neutral . hnegative than positive positive , neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral gained neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral queuing for positive neutral , the neutral that exists to neutral you with neutral positive to the neutral , and you neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral playing suboptimally ? intensifier neutral .
and positive neutral gets intensifier negative if you neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral they negator using neutral hpositive , neutral neutral they hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral thi negative ? for things negator neutral bars , neutral would neutral neutral neutral negator using aoe neutral negative and negator of negative buffs and neutral positive , neutral would neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral .
which neutral of my neutral neutral you to positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ?
neutral negative positive neutral neutral your neutral . the neutral of neutral positive " neutral positive thi neutral / allowed positive when neutral should neutral called neutral ? " neutral positive the mindset that you neutral attacking , negator the negative of neutral that results from that mindset . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , and *that* positive what confuses you . you positive neutral thi .
when neutral skills positive neutral neutral neutral quests diminisher neutral would hpositive negator neutral them .
