thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral you , the neutral negative neutral we neutral , that crofty positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that has negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative negator negative what .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . diminisher teams neutral , diminisher neutral negator . hpositive becaus neutral loses neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral you should neutral rules intensifier that everyon wins .
negator neutral to neutral someth that positive negator positive
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral adds to the positive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral if neutral pits dure neutral sc becaus neutral positive negative hpositive to them , and positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral . they neutral to neutral with neutral . neutral conditions neutral ever-changing and that positive what makes the neutral negative , neutral with the positive of when to neutral and when to neutral neutral . to neutral , the neutral complaining the neutral positive " the neutral " to hnegative dure neutral neutral 's positive . neutral if the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral complaining ? negator negative what , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues with the neutral someth positive neutral . to neutral " neutral negator positive " intensifier negator neutral to neutral anyth imo .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral seems hpositive than neutral to neutral them . neutral diminisher years neutral you positive to neutral if you wanted to neutral the tires neutral the sc , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they positive hpositive of that - neutral feelings positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral that changing tyres should neutral allowed neutral negative flags , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral repairs to the neutral should neutral diminisher neutral of " neutral " . neutral neutral diminisher places neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive positive intensifier neutral diminisher neutral than the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral advantaged neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral could negator . negator positive positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive to what neutral of neutral you negative . indycar for neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral the cars hpositive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral would neutral creates hnegative positive when they neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral intensifier laps , positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral negative neutral , the neutral when neutral ends should neutral neutral to to neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative you hpositive neutral neutral ( neutral tires earlier positive your negative neutral neutral ) and positive neutral shunts neutral the neutral for neutral rf . positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral negator positive neutral has neutral neutral pitstop . and the undercutt neutral seconds and neutral diminisher positions .
neutral positive negator . neutral positive what neutral positive . you neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral those neutral needed to neutral neutral for tires . you negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral vs positive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral changes neutral positive positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral everyon hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
hpositive and fairest neutral positive to hpositive neutral the pitlane neutral sc and vsc conditions , neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative motorsports
neutral neutral neutral dure neutral negative neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral hpositive positive for laps and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus the hnegative neutral gets the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive and hnegative . the neutral that earned the positive neutral hpositive positive and neutral positive negator neutral hpositive ( although neutral they neutral from neutral negative ) . the neutral that wins the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive .
becaus neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral stops , neutral stops neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral changes neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of things you could neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral drivers : * sc / vsc - you could neutral that neutral neutral neutral pits neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral has to neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral they positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , for neutral , if neutral sc / vsc neutral neutral loses you neutral seconds , and neutral neutral neutral neutral loses you you neutral to neutral for neutral seconds neutral your neutral neutral neutral you , positive when neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral , you neutral negator disadvantaged if you neutral to neutral hpositive neutral negative sc . * negative neutral - you could neutral neutral changes neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive that states that you neutral to neutral the pits dure the positive . intensifier if the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral your tyres , neutral you would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral . thi would've neutral neutral negative positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral where neutral , neutral and fernando would've positive to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with fresher neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the positive . the hpositive of the sc / vsc neutral negative flags neutral negative that neutral positive neutral neutral winners neutral losers neutral you neutral neutral things to minimise the hpositive / hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive bs . if negator allowed to neutral , diminisher positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral tyres , than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral the negative .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral changes ? if you neutral to neutral your tyres dure the negative neutral , you neutral neutral positions .
neutral neutral with you neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral
neutral depends neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral to neutral teams neutral hpositive to hpositive the cars safer for neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral of scenarios : the positive has neutral and neutral positive started to neutral - you negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral slicks . they neutral to neutral neutral neutral tyres neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral hpositive versa , neutral neutral raining and positive neutral neutral ) . the positive neutral and cars neutral damaged from neutral neutral - you neutral teams to neutral damaged wings and parts neutral the neutral . thi keeps the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that if your neutral positive negator damaged and neutral conditions neutral negator changed , positive tyres should negator neutral changed .
afaik changing tyres neutral negative neutral negator allowed and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher years neutral and the rules changed . neutral when that positive the neutral neutral neutral schumacher , neutral neutral neutral others to neutral neutral neutral whether my neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral non-race fans . everyth neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral negative , neutral positive what makes things hnegative and what positive / hnegative fans neutral negator neutral neutral positive when they positive neutral positive neutral neutral . if merced neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral that the neutral neutral damaged , and neutral positive years that positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . they gambled positive they could neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive how gambles and risks neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral . anyon that wants to negative that hpositive hates positive .
if the positive of the negative neutral positive to neutral the positive , positive you should negator neutral positive to neutral neutral the cars . seems intensifier self-evident to neutral . indycar gets thi neutral neutral . positive car/yellow neutral stops neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive that neutral negator negative neutral the pits when the negative positive neutral . indycar gets that neutral hnegative . negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? positive the cars neutral the neutral of the negative neutral from the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral recorded hpositive . neutral neutral seconds neutral of neutral ? neutral takes hnegative neutral neutral waits to neutral .
positive neutral you positive thi , neutral neutral neutral with the negative neutral neutral changes , neutral disallowing neutral changes dure sc / negative flags neutral hpositive things neutral hpositive multistop hnegative neutral positive negator neutral negative and hpositive , neutral you neutral negator neutral instances positive neutral neutral intensifier positive thi neutral positive , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the abu dahbi positive neutral neutral positive hpositive if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative to neutral to changes , neutral neutral neutral closes neutral sc until we neutral packed neutral and neutral negative neutral changes should neutral positive for positive ( hards with hards , softs for softs ) intensifier you neutral neutral positive neutral regards to tires picking neutral negative from negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you could hpositive the cars neutral neutral for neutral neutral hnegative hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , i.e hpositive neutral to their neutral neutral they neutral ( neutral for neutral )
the positive positive negator intensifier neutral with neutral changes dure sc neutral negative flags . the positive positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral *after* ( and neutral neutral *well neutral they neutral positive called the sc , neutral teams that neutral the hpositive positive becaus they neutral that negative ( neutral neutral sc ) neutral neutral neutral fucked .
neutral neutral neutral of those positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of the objections neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 'it neutral hnegative to positive what the positive positions positive , ' which positive someth that neutral occurs positive when neutral neutral competing neutral neutral strategies , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral solved neutral positive tv neutral ) . if neutral positive , the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to anyon neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral negative - neutral positive positive positive exists neutral the neutral of neutral positive that positive negative flagged and negator resumed , neutral which neutral anyon neutral positive negator neutral their neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral should neutral . neutral neutral vsc / positive neutral positive neutral where you neutral neutral you neutral neutral that positive neutral you and your neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral sinc negator neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral the neutral restarts neutral neutral neutral when the positive neutral neutral deployed .
neutral positive neutral becaus drivers neutral to neutral tyres neutral , and that for the neutral cases means neutral neutral neutral and hnegative positions . and positive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral has neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral situations positive russel neutral the neutral gp . the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral sc , and positive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral . if they positive trown neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral , motorracing has neutral things neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral builds neutral hpositive , and neutral of neutral hnegative , becaus diminisher positive crashes neutral hpositive neutral positive nullified . neutral positive negator neutral . neutral max-lewis neutral neutral silverstone , how positive neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral colision and neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the positive gets to neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ? these things neutral neutral , neutral if the rules neutral the neutral for everyon , neutral positive neutral for everyon neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral them neutral tires neutral hpositive hnegative they neutral the neutral neutral . thi would neutral you to neutral hpositive your neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive compounds . neutral neutral neutral positive negative how neutral positive and would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negative positive neutral sc , neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral of neutral positive , and neutral the cars should negator neutral neutral . negator changing ties , neutral replacing damaged neutral . neutral creates negative neutral hpositive , neutral has positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher seasons , where teams that neutral neutral sc neutral penalized becaus hnegative teams neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and replacing damaged parts of the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral of cars that positive neutral neutral of positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral flips neutral neutral neutral and neutral adds neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and negative tyres , intensifier positive neutral positive positive negative neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral positive the positive of neutral the hnegative options , neutral neutral negator neutral 'fixed' .
neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral that the fairest neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral limits dure positive neutral periods intensifier that the neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions
hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the cars . that neutral the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral to intensifier neutral the positive neutral becaus you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . for negative flags anyon neutral tires gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral cars neutral negator released from the pits with the neutral neutral positive neutral them neutral when the negative neutral neutral called . neutral neutral of negative for neutral neutral positive neutral , positive . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral makes negator positive to neutral that diminisher hpositive neutral having negative hnegative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral .
hpositive neutral to where negator repairs neutral allowed neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . if you negative to neutral tires neutral repairs you neutral to your neutral . you positive neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . if neutral cars neutral , positive they neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . if you positive the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral dure neutral negative , they would neutral to the neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral
dure the sc hnegative neutral changes becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for tyres . neutral neutral rf neutral should negator neutral allowed
neutral neutral neutral that neutral has to neutral allowed positive to positive reasons . neutral neutral hnegative neutral that the rules should neutral that neutral cars neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral conditions .
my positive positive that you neutral : neutral neutral neutral for positive reasons ( neutral conditions , negative ) neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral .
negative positive neutral what neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral : neutral happens , and positive neutral positive negative negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral negative , negative neutral vsc intensifier they neutral the neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to hpositive the positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral vsc with slower deltas and maintained gaps for positive , neutral the pits , and positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . from neutral , neutral to negative neutral neutral negative with pits neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral rules neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the positive and negator neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral the positive should neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral paused neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that diminisher teams neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the positive positive negator neutral positive .
neutral would neutral with that neutral neutral neutral drivers negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral tyres neutral the neutral to neutral neutral markers neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral
they should neutral negative neutral neutral changes , neutral neutral neutral changes negator neutral toward the allotted to compounds per positive positive .
becaus neutral resets the positive intensifier , neutral neutral the neutral / neutral neutral to neutral the cars neutral that neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the positive . for neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the gp neutral seconds and pits to positive the neutral . they neutral the pits neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral red-flag hpositive neutral happens . neutral their neutral competitors , neutral they positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the positions negative when the neutral neutral .
neutral - neutral negator neutral neutral stops to neutral tyres neutral the positive neutral .
the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative positive should neutral the negative positive of the neutral and the neutral . allowing neutral changes dure negative and negative flags positive means that diminisher teams neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral which they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral diminisher circumstances neutral positive neutral that hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . disallowing neutral changes neutral negative / negative flags would negative the hpositive of thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral to what neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions ( for positive reasons , teams could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / negative flags , and positive neutral neutral seconds neutral to their neutral neutral ) . neutral positive , neutral positive negator " neutral " , neutral neutral becaus neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the deciding neutral neutral wdc and wcc wins , intensifier neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral : you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi would neutral the neutral positive concerns .
neutral positive the positive of neutral neutral changes neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral for neutral debris-punctured tires to neutral changed , neutral neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( which would neutral hnegative with the neutral allocations ) neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral toward using the to compounds intensifier you would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vsc .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with thi neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive reseting the neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral happened neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the positive . amr positive and ( neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral into neutral when the rf neutral neutral , positive they neutral and that positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral drivers and constructors negative . you neutral where you neutral when rf neutral neutral , negator where you positive seconds neutral , that positive neutral bullshit .
neutral the neutral of hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral dure neutral vsc / sc neutral hnegative neutral positive . if neutral cuts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier seconds positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral negative .
the neutral neutral they neutral neutral changes dure negative flags positive positive . when neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral the neutral and negator letting teams neutral tyres and neutral them neutral neutral with neutral damaged tyres would neutral negative neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral penalties should negator neutral intensifier positive neutral into positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral how that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral changing positive negative . repairing positive negative that would neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator , neutral .
neutral positive neutral them neutral tires neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral
neutral intensifier negative that neutral negative neutral thi everytime neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive what positive the positive neutral neutral positive hpositive positive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral tyres neutral
neutral neutral with you - neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , you negator neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral for neutral . intensifier for neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive : negative means that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral ( the neutral disintegrates neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ( the neutral lasts for neutral diminisher laps until neutral starts to neutral problems ) . how neutral you positive neutral of thi ? you negator hpositive negative neutral for neutral tyres , sinc you positive incentivize drivers to neutral and neutral neutral the negative neutral hopes of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and for hpositive punctures , you neutral neutral of neutral , you positive negator neutral them and positive the neutral positive neutral / / neutral / / neutral neutral for someth that neutral negator their hnegative . our neutral neutral positive the simplest neutral , neutral requires negator exceptions neutral neutral decisions , and neutral positive neutral the safest becaus changing tyres positive diminisher neutral the positive negative , intensifier you neutral the neutral positive of hnegative punctures intensifier , for neutral .
everyon would hpositive positive the neutral if they changed the rules and drivers could negator neutral tires .
neutral neutral changing neutral neutral sc neutral vsc positive intensifier neutral becaus the positive positive neutral neutral and neutral laps and using neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus the positive positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi would hpositive neutral to negator neutral drivers to neutral tires neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral them neutral the neutral neutral them neutral the neutral and positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral . hnegative that positive intensifier neutral neutral and could neutral neutral intensifier of neutral
neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . if anyon has to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive *less unfair* to the drivers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral pitstop . the teams and drivers would positive positive that staying neutral i.e. neutral negator to neutral positive neutral neutral that could neutral . thi positive how neutral neutral neutral indycar . the neutral to neutral neutral disadvantaged positive to neutral to neutral the negative . thi positive hpositive to positive and gives neutral hpositive to neutral drivers . neutral , neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive the drivers neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions that neutral neutral , becaus their rivals could neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral . neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral . if anyon has to hnegative , neutral should neutral those neutral neutral negator neutral positive , becaus neutral neutral negator to they neutral acknowledging the negative they neutral neutral .
my hnegative of neutral positive that they should neutral allowed to neutral tyres neutral neutral neutral conditions neutral neutral neutral negator neutral against the neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral what happened and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral negator .
eh , neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative neutral if neutral positive neutral , intensifier we neutral negator neutral teams neutral penalised for neutral neutral with positive . although neutral neutral neutral that situations positive thi neutral neutral positive intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive that could neutral solved with hpositive positive tyres .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral if you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , which could neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , positive how neutral you neutral username that ? they neutral positive tires and everyon neutral can't ? you negator neutral neutral limo neutral to the pits and positive neutral them neutral neutral positive that . neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral diminisher and neutral you neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive negative flags , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral .
you should neutral positive to changetires neutral hpositive should negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral toward neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral nascar has the neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral positive to neutral neutral changes dure neutral negative neutral ( becaus neutral the negative neutral positive positive to negative hnegative you positive neutral neutral and you neutral positive parts ) neutral if you hpositive neutral changes , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the positive restarts . thi should neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral from neutral dure neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral shenanigans dure neutral negative neutral .
neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral , neutral . positive neutral neutral humans and positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral to teams to neutral if neutral negative neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral these kinds of luck-based neutral stops to neutral neutral for neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral negative neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral changing tires neutral neutral negative neutral should neutral allowed becaus if negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive negative that could neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive that positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of the stewards .
you hpositive they could hpositive you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral pitstop for that neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral anyon neutral changes tires gets neutral neutral that neutral of seconds neutral neutral the gaps neutral the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier if you positive positive and seconds neutral places you you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral . you could neutral neutral with neutral 'free stops' neutral positive cars neutral that neutral . vsc would positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral of neutral you neutral neutral the pits neutral neutral if the positive neutral ends neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral changes dure sc / vsc neutral neutral , to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral we neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral changes neutral neutral ? neutral everyon neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral drivers neutral the neutral neutral multistop that would neutral fairest of them neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral anymore .
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of sc that positive transformed into neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral positions from the neutral of sc . to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral *unfair* . neutral positive cars and negative flags neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , they neutral neutral positive , and tires neutral neutral damaged dure events that neutral positive cars neutral negative flags .
neutral neutral neutral looked thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with hpositive and hnegative neutral thi neutral positive neutral changing neutral into neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive predetermined the negative neutral your neutral neutral
the neutral neutral positive the positive for neutral . if the neutral of the stewards neutral changes strategies neutral penalties positive neutral positive neutral hnegative . to the neutral that negative negative positive neutral neutral mitigated neutral neutral neutral should . neutral positive what neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral negative positive called ? negator intensifier than neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions fuck with neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral .
ehh neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral of managing your positive and neutral decisions neutral neutral negative . neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral and positive using that to positive neutral neutral . they neutral positive positive neutral neutral sorts of things to neutral when to neutral the vsc neutral sc neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for when they neutral to neutral neutral whether neutral positive seconds neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that would hpositive hpositive things positive neutral for ( arguably ) negator neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive negative neutral rules neutral . neutral others neutral , " hpositive " hnegative would neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral causes neutral hpositive sc , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes . if you neutral hpositive the negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral positive positive .
thi positive hpositive the neutral , hnegative neutral intensifier would neutral the neutral of disincentivising neutral positive strategies to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the sc positive neutral . neutral ferrari thi neutral has positive positive neutral positive that : opting for neutral positive positive , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the sc positive neutral , neutral for neutral negative neutral to neutral called and their neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of hpositive positive that . neutral neutral , neutral the negative should neutral neutral to neutral for negative neutral pitstop ( positive the tires neutral ? positive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? ) , negator neutral neutral whether neutral negative neutral positive neutral called neutral neutral negator .
intensifier makes positive !
thi . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral if the neutral positive neutral the neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) gets neutral
if you neutral that everyon would neutral becaus neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral negative . positive neutral neutral managing negative and neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negative and you neutral nascar where positive diminisher matters .
neutral neutral thi positive the positive neutral neutral .
neutral
intensifier you could neutral neutral sc , neutral hnegative tyres and neutral your neutral ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral makes the neutral positive imo , and neutral positive negative of neutral neutral . neutral gonna neutral diminisher winners / losers , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive for neutral to 'lose' positive .
thi positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral heard intensifier neutral .
that positive negative positive positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the positive negative . positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . and they should neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive to neutral positions . neutral neutral mentioned becaus of neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral discussed neutral saudi neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral risks . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator guaranteed , intensifier you neutral neutral negative if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hopes for neutral positive neutral when you neutral neutral when your rivals neutral . thi positive neutral negative and neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative to negator neutral neutral the positive neutral , the negative neutral neutral would neutral to neutral when the merced positive positive neutral for positive tires and neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and gained neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral we should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive the positive neutral positive , you neutral neutral tyres neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral toward your neutral , i.e you positive neutral neutral tyres neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive would neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral , someth neutral the lines of : neutral competitors positive neutral neutral types of neutral dure neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral positive neutral ) positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral completed dure neutral neutral neutral dure the positive .
neutral would neutral that neutral would neutral neutral negative of caveats needed . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral changes to neutral neutral neutral negative and they hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral dure hpositive when neutral positive negator neutral . nascar , imsa , & indycar neutral neutral neutral neutral penalties for thi neutral positive .
neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you negative dure neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that fans hnegative neutral the hnegative and neutral of neutral positive negative neutral neutral grids and negative neutral . positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral means the positive wins diminisher neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral positive likes that .
neutral . neutral neutral positive thi positive , neutral neutral negative neutral with obstacles and caveats whenev they neutral and neutral neutral with someth neutral . neutral neutral that neutral of the problems neutral positive with the neutral sc neutral that positive neutral neutral negative neutral to positive the sc to neutral negative neutral .
> neutral would negator neutral intensifier against closing the neutral neutral dure neutral negative neutral the hnegative with thi positive neutral neutral disadvantages you if you neutral neutral to neutral , and hpositive forces everyon onto the positive of “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” . they neutral thi for neutral diminisher races neutral supercars and negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral would neutral , and neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) . positive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral , the neutral compresses , and neutral positive neutral neutral the leaders neutral neutral negator neutral positive , and they negator neutral neutral to neutral anyth neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral seconds neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive everyon neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that , and the races became shit becaus everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their tires .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of your neutral , which positive that neutral opinions neutral rules negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and how . neutral neutral screeds neutral neutral online neutral neutral thi neutral that positive positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative positive . neutral negator hnegative the neutral of negative objections for hpositive positive neutral hnegative to hpositive .
what neutral would positive positive penalties that neutral hpositive neutral served dure neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral drops . they neutral neutral cars neutral the neutral neutral intensifier could neutral neutral neutral = neutral positive , neutral neutral = neutral of neutral , neutral neutral = neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive for neutral neutral / / neutral neutral penalties to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral to laps of neutral ( intensifier everyon positive neutral the negative ) . makes positive for restarts to negator neutral neutral with penalties neutral neutral them ( and positive if you positive positive neutral neutral of neutral , your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier that they neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative flags neutral intensifier neutral should neutral neutral positive of the rules / procedures .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive teams which neutral to neutral tires positive neutral from the pitlane , if everyon pits and changes tires positive the neutral neutral positive initiated for everyon neutral . pirelli neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral teams neutral neutral their positive if they neutral negator neutral neutral negative . for the neutral that neutral would neutral neutral to teams which positive damaged from negative , hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive conditions : they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative and would neutral neutral pitstop neutral others , thi positive hpositive forces the neutral neutral although neutral from the pitlane neutral neutral trumps changing sets neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral to positive if neutral positive neutral appears neutral neutral the positive diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral gets fucked neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and intensifier neutral safer with the neutral neutral .
azerbaijan neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive we neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral concerns neutral neutral hpositive . the hnegative positive neutral neutral with absolutes for positive and positive situations .
they should neutral allowed to neutral tyres neutral neutral should negator neutral toward the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral becaus neutral positive controlled neutral neutral neutral .
multistop when their favourite neutral positive hnegative positive
neutral when their prefered neutral neutral negator neutral from neutral
neutral would positive to neutral the positive changed negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus if we neutral requiring everyon to hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive them to neutral required to hpositive neutral neutral neutral . changing tires neutral neutral negative neutral means that you neutral positive neutral neutral positive where you negator neutral to neutral negative in-lap to the pits neutral negative out-lap from the pits , and your neutral neutral of friends negator has to neutral the tires neutral neutral neutral . negator allowing neutral changes neutral neutral would neutral positive to diminisher hnegative situations , neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral where you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral gaps from when the negative neutral neutral neutral , and if you neutral to neutral tires , you neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral seconds neutral intensifier ? neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral everyon has estimates of these , intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral . adding neutral penalties positive negator hnegative - - - neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral gp - - - sainz 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the positive and you could neutral him neutral positive the neutral neutral . and if you neutral the neutral neutral and neutral gaps from when the negative neutral positive neutral , positive you neutral positive drivers neutral neutral positive gaps to those neutral them . if you neutral neutral that neutral , neutral seems neutral intensifier intensifier positive the neutral negative / hpositive negative you neutral when deciding whether neutral negator to neutral . how neutral places positive neutral hnegative if neutral neutral to neutral ? positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral ?
yup . could neutral changing compounds neutral .
hpositive negative to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive indi and nascar neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral nascar positive my positive , neutral positive / sc you neutral allowed to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral gathers the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive intensifier for the issues ovals neutral ) . dure negative , you neutral negator allowed to neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral circumstances positive neutral the neutral for neutral ( neutral negative neutral neutral ) . the neutral positive neutral , the positive positive neutral including positive calls . if you negative to neutral your tires , you neutral to neutral until the negative positive negative - neutral nascar with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral my neutral , for neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral thi would neutral positive : pits neutral neutral dure positive cars , neutral would neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative ovals . positive neutral negative negator changes to the neutral should neutral neutral . neutral the positive positive negative to neutral , you neutral neutral the pits neutral neutral your neutral to the neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral procedures , neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral negative you neutral you negative to neutral tires , you neutral hnegative you positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to the negative neutral .
neutral of the neutral points of the negative neutral positive that teams neutral neutral the cars intensifier they neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral where you positive hpositive neutral repairs positive when the neutral positive negative to neutral , intensifier neutral repairs would hpositive neutral negative cars neutral onto the neutral and / neutral neutral dnfs . neutral and neutral changes neutral diminisher neutral repairs , anyth that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pitstop positive positive .
neutral neutral from the pitlane , positive neutral parc ferm
neutral you positive the neutral ?
> neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral changes how positive neutral hpositive ?
what if neutral positive negative ? which positive neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive to neutral neutral caused the positive neutral . you negator hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of the sc . neutral damaged cars neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral negative of what negative positive “ neutral ” . drivers and teams positive neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral how thi positive intensifier “ neutral ” . sc neutral hnegative incidents . neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral rules to neutral everyth . negator negative the positive positive , neutral positive neutral “ hpositive ” and diminisher positive neutral “ hnegative ” .
how positive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral ?
if you neutral conceding that you neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral anticipating the sc and intensifier neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral happens , you positive neutral neutral to neutral that you neutral " neutral " the positive neutral anticipating the sc and negator neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral happens . your neutral neutral negator neutral .
that would hpositive intensifier neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral implemented sinc they neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral intensifier negative .
neutral teams neutral neutral neutral positive of hards neutral neutral the positive . intensifier neutral neutral that gets negative negative intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the closing of the pitlane negative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral . if diminisher neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral . hnegative the drivers that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral decimated .
neutral the pitlane with neutral neutral neutral neutral picking neutral negative . and neutral neutral positive negator positive for positive neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral of tires neutral of the neutral / positive . positive positive positive neutral of the neutral .
they bunched the neutral neutral dure seasons and neutral neutral shit . negative the positive neutral allows for to hards tyres for neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral . hpositive you could neutral thi neutral positive you neutral into positive issues neutral . and you could neutral the negative of tyres neutral positive neutral adds intensifier neutral intensifier resources to neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral tyres .
>pit neutral closes neutral sc until we neutral packed neutral hpositive positive , intensifier you neutral neutral the positive with hnegative positive and neutral neutral neutral positive ( positive vettel neutral monza when he've neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) . positive positive neutral positive neutral and you neutral to neutral until everyon packed neutral . neutral you neutral neutral . congratulations , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you positive thi neutral neutral ?
what if the neutral changes dure the negative neutral ? and neutral , what if teams neutral things neutral creates neutral ?
neutral positive thi neutral , neutral hpositive how hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if neutral negative neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral positive neutral neutral ( negator negative hnegative neutral ) those drivers that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral they positive neutral the neutral gets nullified when the positive restarts with everyon bunched neutral , and those that neutral neutral positive hnegative that neutral when the neutral happens . neutral positive neutral hnegative for the leaders if they positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral sinc they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hoping to positive the neutral of the runners neutral neutral negator neutral and they positive neutral swallowed neutral the hnegative neutral runners neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative tires . they could neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral tonne of neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral having issues neutral neutral packed neutral neutral .
> hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral toward using the to compounds intensifier you would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral conditions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vsc neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral positive , neutral , sinc the regulations neutral negator neutral neutral neutral stops neutral the neutral - hpositive the neutral of neutral compounds - and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral stops . and , positive , negator - neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral the two-compound positive . you positive neutral to neutral with neutral positive : * drivers changing to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative , positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ; * drivers changing to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative , positive changing neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral ; * drivers changing to neutral hpositive positive of the neutral neutral neutral negative ; * drivers changing to neutral hpositive positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ; * drivers changing tyres neutral negative , positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral positive they started neutral neutral neutral ( positive , with negative neutral negative ) . should the regulations neutral neutral these cases neutral terms of compounds , sets of tyres , neutral stops ? anyth neutral ? and , neutral of these problems neutral neutral intensifier neutral you neutral to neutral for neutral reds .
neutral to you what neutral the positive neutral neutral positive rules neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the sectors and negator of the cars neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral .
with thi , you could neutral the neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral rc neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator .
if neutral neutral passes the neutral neutral dure the sc and neutral negator neutral , positive they neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth dure the rf .
that positive negator hpositive and positive negator neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative minutes to neutral neutral negative neutral becaus the marshals neutral to positive the protections neutral neutral neutral - neutral the neutral negative positive neutral neutral the drivers to positive . neutral the neutral neutral positive positive that the drivers neutral hpositive , they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral whether the protections neutral hpositive to neutral the positive neutral they neutral replacing - neutral which neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral of that neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
negator neutral would negator , the neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral happened neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
the neutral neutral positive what makes neutral negative neutral .
neutral if neutral pits neutral the neutral multistop neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral to their hpositive neutral , neutral neutral with hpositive tyres ?
neutral would everybodi neutral ? if neutral positive neutral neutral sc , negator everybodi pits neutral ?
neutral , neutral negative neutral would neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral if neutral negative neutral positive called , the neutral gets neutral .
neutral if neutral positive neutral negative neutral , and if neutral positive , , positive everyon would neutral hnegative tires and neutral their neutral .
neutral if neutral negative neutral positive called dure the sc .
dure neutral neutral running* “ dure the positive ” neutral neutral neutral for loopholes lol
positive that hpositive hooks neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral randomizer neutral the negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral to the pits
neutral that would neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral dure the negative flags / / positive neutral
hpositive hpositive neutral positive parc ferm . neutral positive for positive parts that positive neutral and that includes neutral compounds .
neutral neutral , if you neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , where you neutral hnegative muh diminisher neutral , neutral negative neutral positive hpositive intensifier of neutral timesav , neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive intensifier negative and neutral .
neutral positive you neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive to those neutral neutral hpositive neutral the rf . you fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral gets fucked .
neutral neutral neutral neutral tyres neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive changing from neutral to neutral neutral neutral tyres positive neutral neutral negator restrictions . neutral .
positive you neutral how floored that would neutral ? neutral would neutral intensifier neutral situations where you positive neutral fucked neutral neutral .
if we neutral thi neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative when those that neutral dure the sc which positive switches to negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . what happens if you neutral the pits hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral ?
thi positive someth neutral neutral negator neutral into my thoughts . positive for the positive .
thi . neutral neutral hpositive thi . neutral neutral intensifier negative , they negative the rules changed neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral negator negative negative flags called neutral neutral diminisher laps of the positive neutral
positive
neutral . and neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral of the negative flags neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral would neutral negator positive neutral if the neutral happened earlier neutral the positive .
nah , thi positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral gives neutral neutral pitstop . what you neutral positive putting neutral neutral the neutral . that positive neutral hnegative
becaus neutral neutral negator situations when that neutral positive neutral neutral ofcourse . neutral positive hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral creating neutral hpositive neutral diminisher positive the neutral hnegative .
positive you hpositive neutral hnegative those neutral positive planning to neutral the diminisher laps neutral the negative happened to coe neutral .
that neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral .
intensifier the negative neutral positive hpositive neutral when neutral decides to ? sounds positive nascar and " negative cautions " . neutral negative neutral happens when hnegative neutral neutral the regulations neutral , neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral of diminisher neutral . they neutral negator hpositive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral negative . which of the drivers that positive hnegative neutral positive your positive ?
negator hnegative how hpositive thi positive , neutral neutral neutral feelings positive newer fans neutral these ideas . if you followed the neutral for neutral , you neutral neutral diminisher fond neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive 'awesome' neutral neutral neutral neutral your favourite neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative , and that positive neutral negative flags neutral positive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral compared to neutral . they neutral neutral races positive monza positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you gotta neutral changes for positive neutral neutral of the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . allowing neutral changes neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive everyon would neutral neutral softs to neutral neutral pitstop neutral to neutral having to neutral negative neutral pitstop neutral neutral the positive if neutral gets negative flagged . neutral would neutral neutral neutral stints neutral them intensifier positive .
neutral , anyth that could neutral neutral dure neutral pitstop positive negative , neutral neutral refering to things you could negator neutral unless the positive neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral neutral ) . neutral repairing those could neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral . of neutral positive positive negative , and neutral repairs neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive . hpositive negative positive neutral positive intensifier the negative neutral could negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral teams .
that could neutral neutral neutral posibility . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive and makes intensifier positive positive to the parc ferm positive .
becaus neutral hpositive gives neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral fulfills the neutral of using to hpositive compounds ) intensifier anyon neutral neutral negative neutral the sc neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive happened to neutral neutral neutral positive that positive them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral positive hpositive penalized neutral & neutral ( sc neutral vsc ) .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral changes , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral you hnegative someth neutral negator positive the neutral to neutral negative in-lap and negative out-lap and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative , you neutral hpositive negator neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral could neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral - - - neutral to the neutral neutral when the negative neutral neutral neutral - - - if you neutral tires . someth neutral to the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . that neutral , everyon would neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral they hpositive neutral neutral neutral , unless everyon changes tires . neutral would hpositive neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral the positive neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive the positive of the neutral of the negative neutral neutral intensifier positive to the neutral of neutral positive neutral , becaus positive neutral would negator neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral whether neutral negator the negative neutral should neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral the positive , and the positive could neutral neutral whether neutral negator the negative neutral should neutral neutral neutral for positive purposes . that positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - - - neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive with the positive neutral neutral .
neutral pitlane neutral negator neutral you neutral negator allowed to neutral neutral . neutral means you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negative for neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for positive races , you neutral neutral allowed to negative neutral for laps , intensifier you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than you negative to ) neutral positive neutral becaus neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral the teams ( neutral intensifier neutral ; negative neutral ) neutral positive procedures , neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral flags neutral wants negator having to positive neutral impacting the results . neutral neutral removes neutral " neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral negative " shenanigans . closing the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral positive procedures neutral , negative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral stops indycar neutral thi , nascar neutral thi , neutral positive negative neutral thi , imsa neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral championships , etc . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
takes neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral positive procedures , and the positive neutral positive neutral to neutral flags neutral neutral sees neutral negator having to positive neutral impacting the positive . neutral takes neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral negative " shenanigans
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , negator vsc . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral has negative himself neutral neutral positive , neutral for neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral positive neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral closing the pitlane positive neutral intensifier neutral than having neutral neutral , and causes neutral diminisher problems for the neutral neutral neutral to positive positive precautions with teams and fans neutral positive their necks
anticipating the positive neutral ? what ?
positive and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral the positive that neutral the positive revolves neutral neutral neutral having negative neutral . negator hnegative neutral hpositive everyon neutral the neutral tires neutral the positive neutral neutral , positive neutral ? neutral from decreased neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral of , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral closing the pitlane positive neutral hnegative . if neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral tires hasn't neutral neutral positive has to neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral methods positive neutral neutral to hnegative neutral positive neutral with the pitlane neutral the hnegative losers positive hnegative neutral diminisher positions and neutral neutral neutral neutral with the cars they positive neutral with . if the pitlane positive neutral the hnegative losers neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral of the neutral and hnegative neutral neutral intensifier . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive the pitlane neutral positive the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive imo , if the neutral of the neutral sc positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , positive having the neutral negative positive allows them to neutral , negative neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral sc neutral of neutral vsc . neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral of motorsport my positive where that positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , teams neutral with the rules neutral they neutral and positive neutral negative if they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
positive diminisher and neutral how neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral the negative positive neutral neutral sc negator positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral packed neutral . positive negator hnegative neutral we neutral negative with the sc positive , vsc feelings safer for neutral neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral intensifier negative hpositive neutral to negative .
that positive neutral neutral neutral of negative positive that would neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive throws the neutral positive neutral neutral .
that negator what neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral the cars neutral neutral the neutral positions and the cars neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive neutral when the positive neutral paused .
neutral positive neutral , the neutral leaders neutral neutral hnegative tyres positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral than negator to if negator neutral the neutral places , neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral of the cars neutral neutral . the neutral things neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral dropped from positive to positive positive negator hpositive , and positive neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral the places . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral *less unfair* .
neutral the drivers that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral , intensifier they should positive the risks neutral with neutral intensifier . if they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral their neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral . thi positive hpositive and positive for neutral to positive . neutral , neutral positive the neutral . those that neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative of their rivals neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral negative positive neutral to neutral has the neutral negative of hnegative neutral . they neutral positive hnegative positive neutral . if anyon has to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral if neutral positive the drivers neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral .
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral , and you would negator neutral to neutral with neutral of that . neutral changes neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative and neutral to the negative neutral negative neutral ? you neutral to neutral neutral for softs neutral mediums . the neutral would positive : competitors positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral compounds dure the positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . compounds neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral conditions neutral negator neutral toward to the neutral . neutral . hpositive .
negator neutral intensifier than they would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
“ rules neutral neutral ” … positive . they should neutral the positive , becaus they neutral hpositive negating things that happened neutral the neutral .
intensifier cars with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral etc . , , neutral to negative neutral the neutral until rc neutral whether neutral should neutral neutral negative neutral , unless they neutral neutral to neutral neutral drive-through neutral .
neutral that would neutral neutral teams positive for neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive of the sc neutral , when negator negative neutral positive called . and sc positive pitstops neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral yourself into neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive .
the positive with thi positive that neutral neutral the cars should neutral bunched neutral neutral the sc and you neutral drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive of that hnegative earned neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the positive neutral and neutral neutral cars to neutral positive hpositive of the negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive that neutral of “ neutral thi neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral negative ” positive the neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral positive .
neutral the neutral neutral the cars neutral bunched neutral and neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral what the neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral cars positive neutral neutral to pits neutral negative neutral the positive neutral positive called . neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive produces neutral and makes the neutral positive , hnegative neutral fucks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive that .
hnegative positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral : neutral positive neutral positive called neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive to negative neutral neutral cars neutral to neutral neutral the pits , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral shards and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative hnegative they negator neutral anyth ! that would neutral negative positive neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages negative positive cars and flags to neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral . which positive negative .
what neutral thi . if neutral positive neutral negative neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral your neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . neutral you neutral , you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . cars neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral neutral they positive neutral them .
the positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral saudi arabia neutral neutral them neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral that positive hnegative neutral neutral negative which positive neutral negative neutral for them neutral negator negative what the memes positive
negator when negator neutral gambles neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral , which positive what positive neutral
of neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral where everyon neutral neutral hards for laps neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral drivers would neutral neutral .
‘green neutral running' means that pit-stops neutral the positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral of positive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years and neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for the pitlane neutral that you neutral negator neutral to neutral when you changed tires neutral neutral repaira neutral the positive neutral paused . the neutral neutral neutral “ fucked ” neutral thi neutral would neutral the neutral neutral positive positive gained negative hpositive neutral
negator hpositive than thi . neutral winners and losers . and intensifier nascar 's positive that closes neutral neutral when the positive neutral neutral until the neutral positive bunched neutral positive the fairest neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral hpositive negator hpositive that neutral distance-based positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive records neutral prizes for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those .
positive positive neutral negative the neutral neutral positive the positive multistop ? neutral positive neutral neutral for damaged cars to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? positive negator that diminisher neutral ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the simplest and supports neutral , intensifier positive what neutral positive
neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher issues with my positive for hnegative
neutral keeps the positive neutral and allows for hpositive neutral becaus neutral maintains neutral positive neutral the positive and neutral negator negative neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral the negative
punishes them diminisher than the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and positive neutral negative neutral occurs if we positive to neutral the hnegative rules
positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative when their neutral 's positive positive positive . and that positive neutral dies positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive . neutral neutral , the positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive justified . for positive purposes neutral . neutral negator strateg for negative flags , they neutral risks neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral of neutral , negator needed to neutral controlled .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral ( hungary and positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the positive . intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator bringing the neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral negative the fia would negator neutral pleased with the positive neutral of neutral neutral occuring neutral neutral neutral neutral for minutes
neutral positive explained how the neutral neutral flips the neutral neutral . if the to hpositive pits neutral neutral negative . positive the neutral gets fucked and would neutral to neutral neutral everyon bunched neutral putting him neutral .
and if you would negator neutral positive allowed , the neutral positive hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral . if you neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral you neutral neutral sinc you neutral to neutral when everyon positive bunched neutral , neutral positive sainz 's neutral neutral neutral putting him neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the results neutral throws the flags that neutral needed for the neutral . that positive what the neutral should neutral .
>the positive neutral positive neutral to neutral flags neutral neutral sees neutral negator having to positive neutral impacting the positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral of negative underrated neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral , the positive neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral everyth the teams positive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral , they hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral negative neutral becaus of neutral the hnegative they positive the neutral neutral they called neutral .
if you hnegative yourself neutral neutral earlier than what would neutral hpositive neutral neutral to negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral having to neutral neutral neutral neutral sc , you neutral anticipated the sc . neutral neutral neutral what would neutral your hpositive neutral , and thi hpositive intensifier happens neutral neutral sc neutral called , you neutral positive hpositive . neutral these , and neutral the neutral neutral the neutral rules . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral earned the positive neutral anticipating the sc . neutral neutral .
>then having the neutral negative positive allows them to neutral and that positive positive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral , if you neutral negator neutral . neutral until everyon catches positive neutral , positive neutral negative the neutral . >every hnegative neutral of motorsport what " neutral hnegative neutral of motorsport " ? neutral motorsports neutral negator neutral neutral stops dure races neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral of motorsport positive called indycar ? neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral positive motorsport , neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
thi neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral , positive neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . positive for your positive .
> compounds neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral conditions neutral negator neutral toward to the neutral . the positive neutral thi neutral excludes neutral positive that neutral : hnegative - negative ( neutral negative ) - negative ( neutral neutral ) , neutral " negative neutral " neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive , hnegative you positive mentioning neutral neutral positive neutral your write-up .
negator they neutral hpositive neutral what nascar neutral . you neutral when neutral neutral you neutral to the neutral of the longest neutral
neutral the neutral of punctures , positive wings , and neutral that , their positive positive neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative ) hnegative if neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral could neutral hpositive positive exemptions where things positive that could neutral forgiven ( positive to neutral incidents ) . if the stewards positive neutral neutral to neutral negative flags neutral they positive the neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral , positive thi would negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral they hpositive neutral to hpositive when neutral negative neutral should neutral called and hpositive neutral the situations . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral for the negative neutral for the neutral and the neutral from magnussen 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral cars with negative that positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral the positive . neutral the rules neutral to neutral hpositive for neutral courses with diminisher neutral hnegative and intensifier hpositive to neutral negative where neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral ( positive neutral neutral monaco where neutral diminisher to negator neutral neutral ) .
neutral these neutral neutral those types of positive calls . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive should neutral neutral tweaked , neutral negator neutral agrees how positive
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive you neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive to negative neutral . championships and positive victories should negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative rf called dure sc could neutral neutral neutral to the neutral when negative positive called ? neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral and that neutral nullifies the sc positive . positive to what happened for the negative .
what if neutral neutral changed tyres the neutral neutral sc ? neutral positive hnegative positions neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . if you neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral neutral singapur ( neutral neutral neutral neutral scripted neutral showed possibilities ) neutral you neutral neutral the negative of neutral negator neutral hnegative .
positive they neutral to neutral and hpositive positive to the neutral of the neutral neutral if they would neutral if they positive neutral dure neutral sc neutral everyon neutral has bunched neutral neutral becaus your neutral positive hnegative : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . hnegative neutral positive to neutral things positive hpositive and neutral failures / negative neutral neutral of neutral . the positive neutral neutral decisions that hpositive / neutral neutral positive positive negator .
the cars neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral boxes for negative flags . thi positive how neutral positive neutral .
positive , hnegative , neutral neutral explained myself hnegative . neutral neutral neutral referring to the saudi arabia positive neutral , that neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral imo . neutral would positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral the transitions from vsc to sc neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive them to neutral neutral sc neutral of neutral vsc-sc , for neutral .
becaus you neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral sc .
becaus you neutral negator neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral ?
neutral to neutral neutral ?
“ dure neutral conditions neutral neutral negative neutral ”
neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral the negative neutral . neutral you negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral positive neutral ? what if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative neutral positive ?
neutral , neutral " dure neutral neutral neutral , neutral changes neutral neutral neutral negative neutral " hnegative neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
negator you neutral how that positive neutral aswel ? neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral pits . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral . negative neutral . neutral neutral changes tires neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral the neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the pits for neutral neutral to neutral tires and rejoins neutral neutral hpositive punishes neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral . hnegative neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive negator hpositive
negator neutral neutral negator becaus the neutral positive bunched neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for those neutral the points . neutral removes neutral from neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral removes hpositive .
neutral positive to positive thi neutral negative of hpositive . neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive becaus the neutral positive hnegative and neutral what caused neutral gives neutral negative . hpositive becaus neutral neutral hnegative your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you should neutral punished neutral neutral of that . and neutral neutral gets hpositive , neutral that positive how neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral their neutral you neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral moments
neutral neutral negative punishes neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral the sc gets called , becaus they positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral others neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral , the neutral neutral has winners and losers and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative to positive calls . neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral loses and wins neutral . intensifier neutral of complicating the rules to neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral with the hpositive flipped neutral ) neutral negator hpositive neutral the rules neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , positive . neutral positive , they neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral intensifier hpositive if neutral positive negator neutral for them to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral the results . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for the teams neutral fans to positive the positive neutral positive neutral races neutral
neutral , neutral neutral you negative neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral winners and losers , neutral neutral neutral positive negative . the closest you could neutral to neutral of maintaining the neutral of the positive neutral positive neutral would neutral someth positive neutral vsc where you positive allowed to neutral , neutral you positive to neutral negative neutral seconds neutral intensifier , intensifier that you neutral negator neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral you negator neutral everyth with neutral vsc neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral - - - from neutral neutral neutral - - - positive that neutral gives you the positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral strategies neutral neutral . when you neutral neutral negative neutral and everyon neutral neutral tires , neutral tends to neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral positive cars neutral neutral putting neutral intensifier of teams onto the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , becaus neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral sc versu neutral neutral .
neutral motorsports neutral negator neutral neutral stops ! ? neutral you hpositive neutral btcc and supercars , nascar , wec , imsa , indycar , supergt , and dtm neutral neutral neutral stops my neutral , and of neutral those neutral we neutral neutral tv neutral ( neutral negator neutral neutral dtm neutral supercars neutral tbf ) , the pits neutral neutral negative neutral neutral fcy starts . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that wants to neutral your neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral if you the the fia positive neutral for positive neutral , neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral proves that . neutral your neutral neutral , neutral neutral the tv neutral neutral that positive negator how neutral appears to neutral occurring to neutral . if neutral positive that would means neutral neutral slower neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral for ditching the sc and using vsc neutral neutral neutral and negative flags if we neutral neutral , neutral to my positive of neutral , neutral neutral stops becaus you positive hpositive and neutral neutral neutral when neutral sc deploys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive .
that positive neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral negative positive neutral for changing tires neutral negative neutral would neutral the cars neutral neutral negator neutral positive the negative to neutral how they neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral to laps neutral , they would neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tires and neutral to neutral neutral . if neutral laps neutral , neutral neutral how hnegative the neutral positive , they positive neutral neutral the tires+penalty and neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral , hnegative of when the negative neutral neutral neutral , the cars that neutral positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral imo . they neutral positive tires , the neutral neutral they neutral positive which neutral to neutral , and they neutral neutral where they neutral .
that would hpositive , sinc the hnegative and neutral negative would neutral
that positive your ( hnegative ) neutral , neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral positive yourself would negator neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral tacos .
umm , positive for neutral my neutral positive !
nascar has the hpositive of having neutral stops per positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative , intensifier if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral wings replaced and neutral neutral to neutral neutral positions .
neutral neutral positive positive their neutral reported neutral neutral and neutral allowed neutral . the intensifier shit you hpositive , the intensifier neutral cases you neutral .
which means that neutral should negator neutral changed .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral the rules .
championships ? negator , positive victories ? neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive neutral dure neutral sc neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . for diminisher diminisher teams and drivers , that positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral negative calls . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral stops , becaus of neutral sc moments , hpositive for that neutral .
you negator positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral . they positive neutral neutral the neutral . we negator the neutral of our competitors neutral thi neutral has neutral positive sc 's , and neutral diminisher guys neutral hnegative neutral fp ? we positive you neutral neutral that negative with neutral of our cars . e.g. , rb positive neutral intensifier of hpositive for their ballsy strategies when they positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive they positive intensifier hpositive executions , neutral that they needed to neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the ferraris and merced .
you neutral the neutral neutral , neutral ? those that neutral negator to neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
positive
" neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of my pre-race positive when the negative neutral neutral neutral " " neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral neutral for neutral neutral adjusting neutral the settings to neutral neutral " \ the intensifier you neutral to hnegative neutral , the hnegative neutral positive neutral .
what if they positive the neutral neutral prix and neutral neutral negative flags neutral positive
that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral sinc neutral neutral 's neutral requires neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . you neutral neutral neutral hnegative tires neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral . if you neutral neutral tires neutral negative you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative tires and the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive nascar , imsa , and indi . those neutral neutral harsher neutral sinc the neutral gets bunched neutral intensifier . neutral could neutral someth negative positive neutral neutral positive of positive positions neutral the neutral neutral someth neutral that provides neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative to neutral positive tires .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative to neutral negative negative neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral what happened to checo neutral neutral saudi . neutral positive what neutral positive . hnegative motorsports neutral thi neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral nascar if you neutral negative negative you could neutral positive neutral hnegative laps if neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . indycar you neutral the negative of neutral neutral of neutral if you neutral negative neutral and hnegative neutral positive . that positive neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with positive neutral stops neutral positive . if anyth hpositive neutral allowing tires changed neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral your neutral compouds .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative until everyon positive neutral the positive neutral resolves that and that positive what nascar neutral .
neutral neutral 's proposed rules , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral points neutral imola neutral and neutral into the neutral positive of the neutral points neutral neutral .
