of those positive checo 's , neutral intensifier could neutral that neutral neutral places neutral should negator neutral positive .
neutral of mclaren and renault variants says neutral intensifier .
yup , neutral neutral
neutral when you neutral ( positive of teams positive the chances neutral diminisher hpositive that the teams neutral ( haas , tr , sauber , renault neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral the positive renault neutral merced engines when they positive their neutral neutral neutral .
which positive positive to renault and their neutral neutral shit neutral . honda neutral started to neutral hpositive neutral neutral ferrari customers positive neutral intensifier positive ( haas ) neutral positive neutral to negator neutral ( sauber , neutral alfa neutral neutral ) . and renault vs merced neutral extremly hpositive : the and renault / neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral hpositive and they neutral from midfield ( + neutral hpositive neutral from grosjean ) to backmarkers neutral hpositive neutral neutral . they recovered neutral with neutral hülk neutral hülk and negative that neutral into the points .
how neutral podiums neutral you neutral for
neutral neutral negator positive what you neutral
neutral to names intensifier positive positive . toro rosso / / neutral
r/whooosh
neutral neutral neutral them intensifier neutral to photoshop the neutral neutral the negative
neutral neutral and we positive neutral neutral negative neutral , that neutral things positive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator neutral that thi neutral .
ofc we neutral hybrids neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral changes multistop ppl neutral neutral where neutral things neutral positive / / neutral changes for the teams neutral neutral . everyth changed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier neutral negative ppl neutral multistop
neutral neutral of that haas and sauber negator neutral neutral neutral when engines positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral stat , neutral neutral sounds intensifier hyped than neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rb neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral and merced neutral teams neutral intensifier negator teams positive sauber neutral haas . germany neutral where neutral neutral tauri popped neutral .
neutral how neutral positive neutral " / " neutral negative neutral and ferrari and positive " neutral " to mersedes ? neutral means that cars neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral ferrari and if neutral positive negator them than neutral positive mersedes neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral places
positive lol .
yep . neutral neutral rosberg neutral neutral top-level neutral , perez hpositive positive negator neutral that negative to neutral neutral negative neutral to verstappen . negator hnegative if neutral could positive neutral , if merced could neutral to their neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher you neutral neutral him neutral positive to than perez vs . verstappen .
neutral positive positive races , anyth could neutral neutral .
your neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral . if anyth what you positive referring to would neutral the " neutral of hnegative neutral , " which positive diminisher of negative neutral and intensifier hpositive the positive of neutral
neutral of hyped neutral would positive redicoulous neutral neutral . neutral yep that neutral .
positive , positive what neutral neutral , neutral you and , if neutral positive thi neutral , neutral would positive your neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral tauri neutral neutral neutral neutral toro rosso . neutral ) hnegative , neutral neutral negative entertained neutral their neutral
neutral neutral edited the neutral
ah positive positive for the neutral neutral positive neutral that .
and neutral answered neutral neutral neutral edited
and they positive mersedes neutral
which you neutral edited lol
for those of neutral negator neutral negative , positive neutral neutral positive neutral ?
my neutral neutral loves joking neutral neutral having positive tv stations . and the ads neutral for things positive “ daves neutral doors . we neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive ! neutral and neutral neutral positive rollerdoor naow ! ” ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive nbc neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive anyth to neutral proud of . that neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive hpositive . intensifier positive neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral and positive of the neutral neutral networks neutral neutral , positive they neutral positive neutral cbs neutral that neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral they positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the cbs takeover and the viewership figures neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral . they hnegative neutral from the anti-siphoning neutral , which positive negative neutral neutral for neutral positive positive events requiring neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pay-tv subscriptions neutral neutral .
the **throwback** positive positive for posts neutral to neutral negative neutral that happened neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral . throwbacks neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral years , neutral neutral neutral of neutral years neutral positive . neutral , neutral negative posts should neutral negative neutral that positive neutral of neutral to the neutral neutral positive . for neutral , positive overtakes neutral neutral neutral drivers having neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive for thi . hpositive events positive memorials neutral negative from thi positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . posts neutral to hpositive neutral events neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral neutral neutral started neutral they intensifier hnegative neutral with that neutral .
intensifier neutral my neutral neutral neutral : = = = neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral ,
to neutral you neutral neutral : neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral where drivers neutral the neutral races .
negator positive neutral positive neutral . the hnegative neutral the regs neutral to neutral negative negative neutral playing neutral that neutral neutral has neutral hpositive to positive . the hnegative neutral negative neutral with neutral grids which means that neutral neutral neutral gets negative neutral positive positive neutral from the neutral for neutral diminisher races . the hnegative neutral neutral positive which says that neutral neutral which wins neutral neutral prix gets deleted neutral the positive intensifier that you neutral neutral with neutral hpositive ais and negative neutral neutral fernando neutral negative the neutral neutral races .
and neutral would neutral if perez neutral neutral malaysia ( which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral which started with neutral neutral champions neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator positive that would neutral and neutral with fireworks . if thi neutral neutral , neutral positive positive negative the neutral neutral the neutral positive . we hpositive positive oblitterated neutral the to neutral negative negator neutral sinc the if neutral neutral negator for vettel 's occassional neutral starts and hnegative strategies , they positive neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral negator negative - becaus that neutral would neutral negator diminisher than that . negator neutral expected to neutral neutral .
ah positive intensifier clickbaity titles that hpositive negator positive hpositive neutral
neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral when neutral claimed that barrichello neutral the neutral neutral neutral interlagos . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral ! neutral neutral rewatched neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral drivers and neutral races .
and my neutral , with neutral the stories and hpositive champions neutral positive seasons from intensifier hnegative
sounds neutral neutral . intensifier neutral gonna neutral negative rb neutral neutral neutral
redbull wins races multistop
neutral neutral , kmag with + fl and neutral races neutral neutral races . neutral
positive .
negator
>if thi neutral neutral , neutral positive positive negative the neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher of y'all neutral positive anyon neutral posts negative neutral neutral neutral positive asking for neutral neutral from you . hnegative , the neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral would neutral fireworks ( aka neutral would neutral negative to neutral ) sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral wdc hpositive drivers . and that positive intensifier neutral , neutral if the cars neutral negator intensifier neutral . thi neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral with the negative , neutral we neutral neutral drivers with neutral negative wdcs neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of negative , neutral drivers neutral neutral neutral with them . neutral neutral fireworks .
how neutral you rewatch neutral seasons ?
neutral with the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
rotates hpositive drivers neutral neutral of perez , neutral verstappen chills neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and covers hnegative neutral neutral to the reserves . positive wins neutral positive neutral the neutral .
and checo and sainz neutral neutral negative .
> hnegative , the neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral . ****** > neutral with fireworks intensifier neutral forewords of the negative neutral
has archives neutral neutral to the although seasons hpositive than neutral intensifier neutral negative diminisher ( neutral neutral ) races
the neutral of the neutral positive " neutral and neutral with fireworks " . " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , negator " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
carlito , that positive negator how neutral neutral
smooooooooooth neutral
neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral of your neutral girls
reminds neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for what positive neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral my feet into neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier we positive neutral of ferraris problems , neutral negator positive neutral neutral with neutral
neutral seems positive neutral positive positive for neutral .
neutral neutral negative fucked neutral neutral from ferrari .
negative hpositive neutral !
intensifier thi positive how ferrari positive gonna positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral shirtless neutral neutral
crikey neutral , your neutral positive positive
neutral to neutral the neutral appealed
neutral neutral to upload thi myself , neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds and neutral moved neutral the neutral positive the neutral .
carlos' vastus medialis positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
carlostanza
neutral multiexclamation negator with your shoes neutral the neutral neutral multiexclamation
the positive neutral of positive .
neutral : fuck yo neutral , vasseur . im neutral neutral
ferrari positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
the pictures they neutral of neutral hnegative positive hnegative
neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral levinson .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ofs multistop
neutral neutral of that meme positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative dudeand sainz positive the neutral multistop neutral negative my neutral neutral
when you neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive , what neutral could neutral needed lmao
bde
neutral negative these neutral bits
when you neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral negative
neutral diminisher reminds neutral of the positive neutral reynolds negative
intensifier negative neutral ! neutral what positive neutral with neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive
yum
neutral neutral positive neutral of your neutral dnfers
neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
when you neutral allowed negative neutral
fia : we positive neutral neutral
neutral : negator .
>draw neutral positive neutral of your neutral girls crashing neutral hnegative into the neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral of your neutral operators
sainz to neutral neutral
hpositive negator
fuck . yo . neutral !
positive that you charli neutral 's neutral multiexclamation multiquestion
neutral could neutral negative neutral .
neutral 's neutral negative of neutral neutral
hnegative the neutral of zeppelins
neutral ?
negative negative bruh
hey , you neutral negator hpositive that for hnegative
negator , negative neutral .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral , neutral positive positive to intensifier positive the technicalities of neutral neutral neutral behaves the neutral neutral neutral negator overcomplicating neutral for non-technical neutral positive myself . " intensifier if you neutral negative that centre of neutral from neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive . putting neutral intensifier of anti-dive into the neutral neutral would positive the negative of that centre of neutral . " newey and rbr neutral created someth intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative that the neutral wt and neutral , neutral , neutral positive hpositive rivals - thi appears to neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and negator aero . " neutral the hnegative with anti-dive neutral positive that neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral brakes , neutral the neutral tyres neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of alleviating the hnegative traits of that positive , intensifier neutral to hpositive negative positive neutral of anti-dive positive ? neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral . " neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations the scuderia neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral . the positive neutral positive positive negative positive .
intensifier neutral to the neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral how their neutral positive positive neutral which gives them neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the positive neutral with negative drawbacks neutral qualifying if the neutral positive neutral deg and / neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems positive neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral positive intensifier neutral weekends hnegative neutral negative positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral alludes to checo playing the neutral and fans against neutral neutral neutral which , neutral my hnegative , positive neutral neutral hnegative for him positive positive the neutral if neutral continues .
positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive to positive and hpositive . to neutral , the neutral kinks neutral the rb neutral neutral to neutral starts / restarts and braking zones neutral negative tires ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral suggested ) . could the anti-squat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their starts neutral intensifier diminisher ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral , diminisher drivers neutral that neutral , diminisher neutral negator . neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with checo sinc neutral neutral asking neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bahrain and jeddah . positive to neutral him neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral checo should neutral bottas' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral years .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral weeks multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral checo positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral how neutral neutral semi-blamed for neutral disobeying neutral orders neutral neutral him hpositive crashing neutral neutral neutral monaco . hnegative the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive that rb neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive negative , neutral neutral for when the sprints neutral neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier neutral .
perez forgets that rb hpositive him .
neutral seems positive neutral non-max negative neutral neutral wants to hnegative the neutral , the neutral , conspiracies , etc . for their neutral multistop when the neutral positive that positive , neutral positive hpositive that hpositive and neutral positive hpositive than you .
how neutral would neutral the teams neutral neutral thi ? neutral the ex-red neutral guys neutral aston neutral neutral . seems hpositive neutral of the b-spec cars positive neutral neutral thi and neutral and neutral neutral the tricks .
neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral studying what neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the fia should hpositive neutral neutral their neutral neutral newey and positive him to neutral intead neutral neutral we neutral gonna neutral neutral the neutral imo
positive neutral neutral the shitting neutral the neutral for neutral neutral mistakes neutral positive positive to neutral perez replaced , neutral idk neutral they could neutral neutral . for neutral neutral faults , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral 's hnegative teammates ( neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral ( neutral checo neutral neutral that hnegative ) . hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral drivers negative neutral , neutral would negator neutral repeating the neutral neutral of hnegative neutral and neutral negator adjusting and neutral that neutral to the negative neutral the neutral neutral of documents neutral neutral that neutral components positive changed neutral parc ferm . neutral neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive . becaus dure the positive , neutral neutral hnegative pases neutral neutral the neutral neutral braking neutral neutral drs trains , and neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral of those negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the tires ( positive neutral fp and if the neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative of checo neutral that rb positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral seems to neutral that neutral puts neutral neutral the neutral and outs them neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive pr for negative neutral if checo says neutral positive hnegative they neutral negator neutral favorites ? and when neutral neutral heard thi neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive answering neutral negative where the neutral asking implies neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . what positive neutral neutral to positive ?
neutral positive enjoyed the neutral neutral of thi neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral neutral lmao .
diminisher negative that neutral cars neutral neutral deg of neutral negative and negative neutral positive neutral and that neutral the hnegative teams neutral negator copying that positive
“ neutral 's what neutral positive happened . ” neutral neutral positive ?
positive neutral , positive for sharing
neutral dunno neutral neutral neutral positive checo neutral rb neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral . to neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral anymore .
the negative hpositive : perez positive negator that hpositive of neutral neutral ( comparing to hnegative neutral ones neutral the neutral )
the neutral of neutral for checo neutral the subreddit positive hnegative . the neutral we neutral to positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive to neutral albon neutral neutral rb . neutral if and how hes neutral
thi neutral positive reminds neutral of the intensifier and intensifier . neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral warm-up , with which you neutral drivers front-locking neutral the neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral quali you *know* the neutral neutral neutral negator negative becaus their deg and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral dure the positive , neutral . neutral thi neutral , you could neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral quali negative and we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
newey talks neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of having neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral that negator neutral positive negative neutral the neutral intensifier you neutral neutral guaranteed hpositive until neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative . which positive what negative neutral to negative neutral neutral with the neutral neutral .
thi positive to neutral the fronts when neutral braking neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive for perez . neutral likes to neutral diminisher neutral and hnegative when neutral . ( intensifier dure quali ) neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral braking neutral and hnegative neutral diminisher neutral the neutral to positive the neutral . neutral thi neutral negative positive diminisher of negative positive for him .
newy positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which positive neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral deploys neutral of corners intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral of thi neutral positive neutral the neutral and their neutral from corners and neutral of that neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive where you would hpositive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral means that the cars neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and thi positive neutral you positive neutral neutral cars , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive . anyon neutral positive the neutral would neutral neutral negative realised they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral kart would neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral complaining neutral everyth neutral thi positive neutral the cars neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and we neutral gonna neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral
negative neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive someth of the neutral neutral they positive dumped negative neutral resources neutral the neutral . newey positive that . neutral negative that positive neutral they neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral the fundamentals of the neutral , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral windtunnel models to hpositive the neutral neutral of aero hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral parts positive to neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative with their solutions and neutral paid hnegative . thi years positive hpositive the optimised neutral of neutral years neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral negative positive neutral how they neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral they neutral negator neutral positive neutral the hpositive fundamentals neutral others positive their . neutral we positive neutral neutral intensifier aero neutral efforts neutral negative neutral .
thi diminisher neutral neutral : >what thi has tended to neutral neutral cars which negator neutral hpositive neutral braking neutral which , neutral the neutral levels neutral neutral the brakes neutral released , positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral – neutral the intensifier neutral of what the neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral braking . could positive what neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative of weeks neutral , negator neutral positive neutral the neutral .
sounds positive neutral of the intensifier neutral theories neutral what makes the neutral negative on-track , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral gives them the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral negative positive diminisher neutral hnegative teams ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive rumoured that they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to rbr ) . neutral neutral hpositive how hnegative teams could positive neutral thi neutral , thi could neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral / positive focused neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral them neutral positive conditions neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral talks intensifier neutral 's neutral what the answers would neutral from ferrari / merced / neutral / neutral and neutral mclaren toward newey hpositive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral himself neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral the rb rumors neutral neutral . neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral who'd negative to neutral to neutral hnegative neutral positive bottas , neutral neutral neutral and having neutral neutral and neutral .
that positive negative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral weekends . negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative what neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral statements neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative what
> checo playing the neutral and fans against neutral neutral neutral which , neutral my hnegative , positive neutral neutral hnegative for him positive positive the neutral if neutral continues neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral hnegative " thi positive " neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher to hnegative . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative and negative to neutral tbh . neutral positive negator negative the neutral neutral pr neutral neutral rb , intensifier when neutral neutral negator neutral the performances to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral perez keeps neutral to neutral cleverer than neutral positive .
neutral neutral that neutral tries neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , becaus neutral negator positive positive when neutral plays hnegative neutral neutral rewatching and nico rosberg positive pulling neutral neutral the classics , neutral monaco qualifying oops , neutral checking neutral neutral monaco neutral intensifier neutral has to neutral into the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral , neutral of that neutral gets you intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral relying neutral the neutral having neutral issues , you neutral neutral neutral positive negative of positive and neutral neutral of those hpositive tricks neutral when you neutral against neutral neutral positive , that neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . nico neutral neutral those diminisher hnegative tricks and advantages , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive neutral and positive neutral negator neutral . neutral positive neutral , unless neutral continues to neutral neutral difficulties neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>article alludes to checo playing the neutral and fans against neutral neutral neutral which , neutral my hnegative , positive neutral neutral hnegative for him positive positive the neutral if neutral continues . and neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator positive how intensifier neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral negative himself neutral of the neutral if the rumors neutral neutral 's positive sim hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral the pirelli tests neutral silverstone ( and monza ? ) , neutral multistop neutral 's neutral checo neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation ️
neutral positive positive neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral has positive negative neutral redbull . gasly neutral what neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to you . neutral hnegative neutral positive of neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if redbull positive neutral that for him thi neutral neutral neutral gets to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms neutral neutral when neutral positive expires .
the neutral neutral 'alluding' neutral neutral hpositive positive that . we neutral neutral neutral and negative of drivers neutral hnegative the neutral . positive neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral verstappen positive and the neutral hpositive neutral positive perez which neutral positive negator neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral of anyth perez neutral . neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the threads neutral , becaus neutral negative of redditors neutral neutral they hpositive what happened becaus they neutral neutral neutral . intensifier ignoring how neutral neutral negative cars neutral from neutral hnegative , how neutral of the inputs neutral neutral to the neutral , which drivers neutral hpositive neutral vs neutral positive and positive , and how they hpositive to neutral .
diminisher things neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral checo , neutral neutral defending against neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral abu dhabi means neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for things positive thi , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bottas .
intensifier that positive neutral everyon neutral negative neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral races the loudest . they neutral the neutral to hnegative with positive neutral neutral . neutral , horner and marko neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral for neutral weekends . hahaha
neutral the neutral anti-squat would positive hnegative positive starts .
bottas' neutral to perez : " don't neutral to neutral into neutral neutral of positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . "
neutral , neutral neutral , wtf monaco ( if hpositive ) . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral .
neutral negator hnegative perez for neutral neutral neutral diminisher . thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative and neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral hnegative chances neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral against neutral of the positive drivers neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hasn't positive positive to neutral . if you negator neutral ‘em , neutral them to neutral .
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral asking neutral checo negative . neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral that checo has neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral from the neutral teams asks neutral their neutral dure the races . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that hnegative neutral with your neutral becaus you neutral negative to neutral the positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral to hpositive checo neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral negative , the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral has to positive neutral .
neutral you positive neutral ? thi positive the positive neutral you positive positive neutral these neutral weeks - newey positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral ! thi subs positive neutral neutral has neutral negator neutral articles and shitting neutral perez .
neutral forgets that perez hpositive him .
thi positive the positive neutral neutral checo that neutral fans positive neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral , how to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral checking neutral !
neutral neutral heard neutral positive that checo would neutral the neutral negative to if neutral positive intensifier positive irvine , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral for the positive neutral and hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive positive negator positive . negative the neutral neutral created neutral rb neutral positive neutral , neutral positive gonna neutral positive to neutral the neutral gp and intensifier the neutral gp thi neutral . to neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral they should neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the rb neutral neutral checo ( if they neutral to negator neutral him ) the neutral of positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral for neutral drivers to hpositive negative neutral neutral positive drivers .
neutral if yuki steps neutral thi neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the rb neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral the shitbox alphatauri neutral positive intensifier neutral
the positive positive with checo positive that neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , positive positive wdc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral races neutral neutral , and positive positive neutral backmarker neutral neutral negative of races neutral neutral . and positive looks positive neutral midfileder for neutral of the races .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral , checo hasn't intensifier performed neutral hpositive than albon , their deltas to neutral neutral intensifier positive positive . neutral positive hpositive that perez has positive neutral hpositive cars , intensifier neutral underperformance has positive hnegative for the neutral neutral . negative neutral negative to neutral would neutral neutral negative of tenths neutral to neutral than neutral albon neutral perez neutral positive . neutral : neutral negative my neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral reddit cares neutral . lol .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive thi and neutral neutral , intensifier neutral yuki , neutral knows .
complaining neutral positive negator neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? intensifier of hpositive checo positive the neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral them hpositive , you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hnegative
neutral to negative neutral pls , neutral him neutral of ferrari asap
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral to positive checo neutral negative neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral of with the neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive with neutral neutral dure qualifying neutral would've expected horner to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral checo and neutral negative that the neutral neutral negative neutral qualifying . positive hnegative neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral checo has neutral intensifier positive fanbase and neutral brings neutral intensifier of neutral neutral from mexico intensifier neutral would negator hpositive positive to negative hnegative angering him and neutral fans . intensifier neutral that checo positive neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral favorites neutral helps negative neutral 's pr neutral and using thi neutral negative neutral of claiming neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . negator neutral ( unless neutral their positive positive designated them neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral barrichello ) positive neutral to positive positive they neutral the neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral where that neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive negative contenders with how neutral their neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative of articles neutral neutral yuki neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral the neutral , and thi neutral positive confirms my neutral neutral positive neutral the scenes pr neutral to neutral the neutral .
the negative with neutral neutral passes neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral from the negator of neutral neutral neutral tyres . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
positive . perez neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral mistakes . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral negative positive negator hpositive that neutral mistakes , neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive perez . neutral you neutral if neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive those issues , neutral would negator neutral questioning him . neutral positive trendy to negative neutral perez neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would negator positive that . neutral neutral sahkir . neutral neutral everyon neutral merced , with neutral positive neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral merced becaus they positive hnegative neutral the pits . perez positive hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative how hnegative perez tries . neutral positive intensifier demoralizing for perez .
neutral hpositive , like… you negator neutral how neutral positive neutral neutral the positive becaus neutral positive neutral “ negative ” neutral ” negative ” multistop they neutral neutral ! they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral you neutral to negator neutral questions neutral how the positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral multiquestion
that positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral of that they neutral neutral positive neutral positive drs hpositive . neutral neutral positive to neutral if ferrari and merced neutral neutral positive neutral solutions neutral neutral . and positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator intensifier , rb negative neutral 'pretty fast' and if neutral positive hpositive intensifier from the hnegative finishes from neutral ( neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that neutral to positive neutral the batteries neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral mentions thi neutral neutral from the get-go . neutral : neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral newey mentioned that neutral neutral neutral from day-to-day operations to diminisher neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral positive to the neutral that the regs became neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with the renault engines underperforming and hindering neutral cars negator negative what neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral seems to neutral intensifier comitted than neutral . when neutral that neutral ,
the negative of the negative neutral the outwash neutral neutral , negator the neutral neutral .
and positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , the returns from neutral braking neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminished . braking earlier neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative positive neutral positive hnegative you neutral neutral negative hundredths of neutral neutral , if that , and neutral gives you intensifier positive neutral terms of what neutral you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of neutral that neutral positive hpositive , neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the those hundredths which neutral hpositive to to tenths neutral the neutral of neutral neutral ( intensifier discounting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral the positive hpositive of neutral braking positive neutral overtaking , neutral neutral gives you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which you neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the positive and neutral neutral neutral . neutral risks and braking neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral brakes neutral and positive neutral .
and intensifier , neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral midfielder neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral jumped to the leaders and neutral if neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral wcc with the neutral .
neutral makes neutral negative intensifier comments creating neutral and we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral for wc , neutral positive negator neutral neutral himself .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative rb , neutral negator hpositive negative imo .
neutral neutral neutral reasons from him to neutral neutral positive with haas neutral neutral of the newer teams neutral that neutral .
piqued , hpositive fyi .
intensifier neutral if the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral granted neutral positive neutral negative neutral , with neutral and checo neutral the neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral them neutral neutral if things neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral if they hnegative the positive neutral , they neutral positive neutral of neutral positive to the neutral and negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral weekends .
guys imola neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negative
hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral you neutral ?
you positive neutral the deal-breaker would neutral monaco , negative the allegations neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral for him becaus negative neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral him for neutral neutral the negative neutral the neutral positive .
if andretti positive gets to neutral checo + sargeant seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive lineup for
what neutral neutral positive dure neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative words .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral complains neutral the neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral of the neutral , when asked neutral hpositive of the neutral , ( hnegative that jeddah quali ) neutral says that neutral positive negator positive and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral details . positive checo positive neutral negative hnegative with neutral that neutral fans neutral that rb positive sabotaging neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral positive negator playing neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the engineers neutral him they neutral what the positive neutral and neutral could neutral adjusted for neutral neutral multistop and neutral hasn't positive . neutral we neutral negator hpositive what positive positive neutral neutral neutral doors ( becaus the doors neutral neutral ) intensifier we neutral neutral hpositive negative
to neutral neutral rosberg neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and that neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral spain which caused them to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral seemed neutral diminisher hnegative hnegative neutral hpositive neutral which played neutral neutral negative . neutral checo neutral neutral neutral neutral wants neutral unless neutral suffers neutral intensifier intensifier neutral terms of hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral to what rosberg neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive to positive neutral 's negative neutral neutral . rosberg neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher hpositive neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . checo to neutral positive what bottas neutral to neutral where they neutral neutral neutral positive and negator negative what neutral neutral neutral for the negator . to neutral neutral the neutral . bottas managed to neutral neutral negative of races where neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . checo 's positive to neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator the neutral negative from neutral hnegative neutral hpositive issues .
*except for where nico rosberg neutral the neutral negative against neutral
weirdest hate-boner
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sainz sr ( positive neutral jr ) and ralf schumacher ( positive neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral himself and neutral has neutral neutral of the neutral that the sainz neutral schumacher neutral neutral . ricciardo , norris , albon , and hülkenberg neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than they neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to checo neutral the negative neutral . would neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral , leclerc , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral for wins and neutral against neutral of the tallest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral verstappen - the negative neutral him and ( albeit neutral ) neutral hnegative neutral contenders would neutral positive . neutral the likes of sainz , ocon , gasly , vandoorne , pourchaire , hauger , neutral hadjar could positive neutral improvements neutral pérez .
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral positive neutral intensifier positive than neutral him neutral for neutral laps when neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral *very* hpositive neutral neutral neutral vsc and sc for checo 's neutral to neutral anyth .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral the teams positive that neutral races neutral hpositive neutral positive to negator negative the neutral neutral the neutral positive . if neutral positive negative neutral neutral negator neutral into the neutral neutral for neutral parts the teams would negator neutral hnegative to positive hnegative .
bottas positive positive neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier hpositive to neutral him positive neutral neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral checo 's negative neutral neutral neutral pre negative neutral positive to neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral and creating the hnegative of checo neutral positive to neutral the hpositive , hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral argued that neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral teammates with neutral . neutral neutral negator wanna hnegative him neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral gained negator . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral that neutral has neutral neutral him to neutral problems neutral of negator , neutral positive deff someth neutral neutral .
> thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier negator . neutral neutral that has to neutral that and neutral that positive , neutral what neutral neutral neutral when they negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral ? neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral that neutral ferrari
neutral hpositive has the hnegative neutral and neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral weirdo for neutral and joking with checo neutral neutral positive they neutral negator rivals and neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral hopes and dreams with neutral antics and neutral him positive that to neutral the neutral of negative . and helmut neutral positive neutral positive hpositive for hpositive existing neutral horner loves him intensifier than neutral intensifier neutral . checo neutral negator positive when neutral neutral that neutral would intensifier neutral neutral bullets for neutral .
neutral of their radios neutral broadcasted , you neutral neutral to neutral yourself . neutral neutral negator creating neutral neutral neutral checo 's hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral positive commented neutral neutral including pundits and journalists . neutral neutral , the neutral you neutral neutral commenting neutral neutral positive negative neutral that . negative neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive creating the neutral when neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive redditor .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator asking for positive , neutral neutral neutral " negative " neutral what hpositive neutral neutral asked to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral claiming that neutral neutral miscommunication issues neutral neutral 's laptimes when neutral neutral negator .
newey concentrating neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams needed
neutral neutral to the comments positive for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral your neutral and you'r neutral . thi positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral intensifier negative neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral with the words " hnegative " and " negative " , neutral hpositive makes neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral that the neutral writes the neutral and negator the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral seems to neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral their clickbait positive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , if that positive your neutral . those neutral of neutral , neutral neutral okay with neutral neutral neutral negative , positive negator positive neutral the negative negative neutral .
they should neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive for neutral gp intensifier negative that neutral positive neutral 's strongest neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral if everyth neutral positive .
positive , neutral neutral ricciardo positive gonna neutral intensifier negative and positive neutral with the neutral , that neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to and would neutral neutral to perez positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral 's hpositive with the neutral . ricciardo neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator to neutral with neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive that for yuki . neutral positive neutral neutral strides with neutral neutral , intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive scared neutral would neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of the rb neutral and neutral crashing neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral how yuki neutral from " hnegative to gasly " neutral the neutral of to negative for rb neutral the neutral of when neutral negative positive neutral negative neutral vries . hnegative , neutral could neutral neutral vries neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral vries positive neutral negative negative negative neutral terms . and neutral we positive , neutral neutral negator deemed neutral neutral neutral until monza neutral neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , yuki neutral to years and positive negator to neutral neutral neutral backmarker neutral , which neutral the neutral positive negator neutral expected to neutral neutral , neutral lowers the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral what sets the greats hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral things than neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral changes and focuses neutral to neutral that positive neutral neutral periods of neutral .
checo has negator looked positive neutral wdc neutral imo . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral factors .
that neutral neutral positive hnegative from rb imo
neutral the neutral positive neutral ''one neutral operation'' , pretending negator to hpositive neutral the fastest neutral neutral neutral from him and positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral rb favouring neutral when they positive neutral neutral to neutral , complaining neutral negative positive that neutral negative for quali when neutral neutral him neutral negative neutral neutral quali and crashing neutral hpositive diminisher of the examples of him putting the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral of controversies neutral neutral with the remnants of abu dhabi positive neutral neutral , neutral , monaco etc . the neutral neutral rb neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative hnegative neutral them . neutral neutral they hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral , neutral should positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral looked to neutral positive neutral neutral evading gasly 's positive .
> neutral positive trendy to negative neutral perez neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . rewriting neutral ? everyon neutral neutral neutral for that , what neutral you negative neutral ?
day-to-day changes neutral neutral and neutral conditions neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral . verstappen neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral lock-up negative neutral neutral , hpositive diminisher than perez becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral . > neutral positive trendy to negative neutral perez neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi positive positive neutral . verstappen and negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral post-brazil . neutral positive neutral neutral against perez becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral " and neutral neutral chances neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qualifying .
neutral positive negator trendy and neutral neutral has negator to neutral with neutral . checo positive putting thi neutral himself neutral negative negative neutral . neutral neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qualy and negative becaus of neutral ( which positive neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral weeks neutral neutral says neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral problems neutral melbourne qualy and neutral neutral the neutral neutral could negator neutral negative positive . neutral neutral to neutral the negative neutral neutral and negator neutral the " to whom neutral neutral positive " neutral neutral negative neutral neutral wins neutral positive when neutral neutral negative positive neutral of neutral . neutral has the neutral to negative positive that when neutral beats neutral diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral races , which has negator positive the neutral neutral of positive . thi positive what creates neutral with neutral and fans , neutral intensifier of positive words neutral negator positive ( neutral ) performing to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive to hpositive positive and positive comments . neutral seems positive everyon wants to negative checo for neutral neutral . to neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral that wants to positive and neutral neutral neutral and positive wants to neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral 's positive , neutral the neutral neutral seems positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral thinks they neutral neutral neutral and negative hnegative to the hnegative neutral neutral their neutral . for diminisher neutral checo positive hated positive negative neutral neutral , when neutral would neutral bottas positive the neutral neutral with neutral ? neutral believed neutral could positive negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral liked neutral neutral merced , neutral outclassed him neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive to neutral hpositive . neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral has neutral preached they wanted to neutral drivers positive of neutral negative and neutral positive checo thinks neutral positive that neutral . whether neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral believes neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for my hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral noticed that neutral neutral negator hpositive to positive positive fans neutral from neutral neutral sections .
you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral your neutral positive . neutral the negative ricciardo neutral performing neutral neutral vs how neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral perez positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hirstory and neutral could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral . the neutral positive perez positive neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral redbull positive neutral that intensifier neutral , whether that positive thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the ferrari drivers , the merc drivers , the mclaren drivers , etc , etc .
neutral negative to positive neutral neutral if pérez neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the shit neutral gets . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral wants to positive . positive neutral hpositive than neutral ? neutral negator , neutral what positive intensifier hnegative neutral having that neutral , neutral neutral guys positive neutral and neutral when they neutral someth negative neutral hpositive neutral negator shit neutral them , neutral if pérez neutral someth hnegative they neutral neutral him neutral . neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral of elitism that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral europeans .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the titles . if negative neutral negator neutral the “ neutral neutral ” hpositive rb would neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to them neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral them neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . of neutral the “ neutral neutral ” advantages neutral neutral of varying hpositive and diminisher neutral hpositive to neutral positive hnegative .
negator hnegative when neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier hands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started positive neutral to races neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral of staying neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral talked neutral how neutral neutral negator positive the positive regulations initialy and neutral them negative positive neutral that positive neutral neutral diminisher positive areas that you neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral the merced neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive the neutral lines neutral neutral neutral others neutral the details neutral neutral focused neutral hnegative projects , neutral that for the ( and neutral the sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral ( positive positive ) the neutral himself .
neutral the
the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the negative hpositive that neutral “ neutral neutral ” and hnegative to neutral negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral redesigning the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to positive neutral hnegative parts of the neutral positive the neutral neutral negator the negative of negative the neutral
hnegative positive , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive when to neutral neutral neutral
wccs\*
> neutral neutral that , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and positive neutral . negator everyon has to neutral neutral once-in-a-generation neutral .
neutral positive negator competing for wc . fom and diminisher fans neutral positive neutral to hpositive thi neutral neutral for positive to years and neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral neutral . the neutral could negator neutral negative neutral neutral against that shambles of neutral ferrari neutral
the positive neutral him and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral we hpositive how things neutral .
neutral ?
neutral positive positive negative neutral could neutral to neutral neutral hpositive and neutral for neutral intensifier positive oriented neutral that protects their tires neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for qualifying . positive neutral the positive their neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive should neutral neutral positive to neutral them to neutral their neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral if the neutral positive neutral hnegative for them to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral of aston neutral , merced , neutral neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral from their issues neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative and neutral negative neutral hpositive challenging for the positive neutral neutral .
austria and neutral positive neutral sprints and neutral neutral them neutral themselv into neutral hnegative positive neutral . negator neutral positive neutral they positive negator neutral negative .
neutral checo crashed neutral neutral monaco to neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral him of someth positive
perez positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral . crashing neutral neutral neutral monaco , neutral neutral hnegative pr , negative the neutral for neutral neutral hnegative , alluding rb neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . horner neutral negator pleased when neutral heard neutral neutral .
thi subs neutral of positive neutral . sergio neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral monaco . neutral neutral neutral could hnegative and that sainz would positive neutral him and neutral the neutral and neutral neutral and to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral and that ferrari would neutral neutral issues , allowing him to neutral to spots neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral 's mom neutral positive neutral neutral of sergio 's hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive someth neutral monaco . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive with checo and neutral neutral negator negative / hnegative signs post-monaco that you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hints . neutral hpositive the drivers neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral
negator neutral monaco qualifying neutral neutral neutral positive re-signed neutral neutral the neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral .
would negator neutral negator neutral negative neutral monaco sinc neutral neutral crashed
monaco neutral neutral neutral 'revenge' for neutral the neutral neutral , where neutral neutral neutral to neutral places with verstappen and neutral 'robbed' of neutral positive .
neutral would've positive andretti would negative herta neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier licence neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive , neutral that neutral neutral has to championships becaus of checo and neutral that .
ah positive neutral negative neutral positive , the neutral positive of guarantees of negative neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral ? rb has negator positive to neutral their neutral cars chances . im negator neutral checo positive intensifier to hnegative neutral hpositive positive rb would positive neutral neutral of their cars neutral neutral hnegative neutral
of neutral that could neutral hpositive , neutral we neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral negative neutral negative . checo positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral qualifying , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral if the neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral to neutral if the positive positive negative , neutral qualifying ( which thi neutral positive should ) the neutral neutral of the neutral and everyon neutral neutral checo neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral the hnegative that caused checo to neutral hnegative . horner positive neutral with him and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth from the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral of events neutral checo has positive neutral pains to hpositive everyon hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral when neutral congratulated for neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral hpositive to positive neutral the 'issue' . neutral has attempted neutral neutral neutral and neutral hasn't positive him neutral and has neutral him neutral neutral diminisher negative and neutral excuses neutral diminisher neutral . the commentators ( neutral hpositive lifetimes intensifier neutral than the neutral neutral ) leaned toward neutral hnegative and that checo neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral that we positive negator hpositive for hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative having thi neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive that nico neutral positive to positive positive races against neutral when they positive teammates , checo neutral wins races where neutral positive problems . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and positive against neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negator , nico neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than checo .
neutral neutral negator downplaying nicos positive , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive negator neutral , and neutral positive to neutral intensifier everyth , neutral negative , neutral positive , neutral miniscule hpositive and negative hnegative parts of neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the negative of neutral . checo positive negator neutral nico 's ballpark , neutral 's neutral neutral 's . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive that checo has the hpositive neutral positive neutral
nico neutral everyth neutral needed to neutral neutral . the positive neutral negator that neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral you negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral defending neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral underperforming that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral when him and ocon raced positive . neutral singapore him positive neutral . claiming neutral neutral negator neutral ocon . positive openning neutral positive and putting ocon neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral loads of negative neutral the perez rumours ( neutral positive ) neutral neutral becaus neutral would negator neutral into neutral neutral , neutral would neutral and hnegative neutral orders and it'd neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral intensifier rbr would negator neutral him , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for the hnegative reasons .
