hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive hpositive until neutral to neutral positions becaus of incidents . neutral positive the neutral neutral has positive overtaken the neutral , and we neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
okay .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral checo positive hnegative , the negative positive intensifier neutral how the neutral of wins / podiums neutral amassed the neutral neutral seasons neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative . positive neutral positive hpositive to negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral finishes for drivers and neutral positive neutral to neutral these ranks neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral him neutral .
positive . neutral neutral to the neutral positive negative championships neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral and " neutral " bottas . neutral neutral to the neutral and you neutral neutral neutral with schumi and barrichello .
neutral neutral positive negator . neutral has , neutral neutral occasions , failed to neutral victories when neutral neutral negator . negator negative neutral the neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive hpositive the negative neutral nullified the neutral neutral neutral would neutral what , becaus neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems . we neutral neutral neutral oass neutral with hnegative neutral drs , checo should neutral neutral negator excuses
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the wcc neutral for neutral
what positive positive you neutral ? drs zones for the rb to neutral neutral neutral !
to neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral monza neutral . hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral hpositive to neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral ignoring that the neutral neutral changed and the neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral to negative straights , neutral you negator neutral verstappens neutral neutral neutral ? that neutral could positive neutral the neutral fastest neutral neutral the neutral . perrez should neutral positive positive to neutral neutral cars . neutral neutral neutral you neutral ignoring that the neutral neutral checo started neutral that neutral dropped neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of qualy .
you neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral of tracks neutral neutral negative of overtakes . positive , that neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral .
yuki positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral diminisher , neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral
mega downforce neutral thi negative neutral , porpoising neutral neutral . and neutral positive bumfuzzled neutral for hnegative neutral multiexclamation bumfuzzled , neutral you neutral anyth to positive to the neutral of neutral neutral ? ! ?
> neutral neutral , years neutral , negator neutral neutral , of negative neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive multiquestion neutral shit , neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral gets neutral - you ! when neutral neutral neutral how yuki positive positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from my mates positive “ neutral 's neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative and crashes the cars ” . positive neutral you positive the neutral races neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral cars neutral neutral neutral .


what matters to them positive the wdc and wcc . neutral neutral neutral that allows them to positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral races . the neutral of the neutral reads the neutral pages of journals and magazines and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
rosberg neutral neutral positive negator hpositive having positive . neutral positive hpositive the employees neutral negative . rosberg / neutral neutral negative neutral other.there positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier and negator neutral wants to negative with that anymore .
neutral merc neutral bored of that dure the vb years ? they neutral neutral him neutral when neutral neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral
positive ricciardo neutral neutral neutral _now ? _ and negator neutral neutral positive how hpositive the rb neutral neutral to neutral years positive the neutral
positive , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive thi positive for neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral kvyat they neutral kvyat neutral neutral when ricciardo neutral and neutral gasly neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive becaus of the vettel neutral
you neutral neutral positive perez positive sth neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive from neutral to positive sth . if negator , neutral loses per neutral .
'confused gunther noises'
neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative to neutral into negative neutral . when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral how what neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral . if neutral keeps performing neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral the rb positive negative intensifier hpositive negative .
neutral positive positive offered drives when they positive neutral the neutral and neutral negative .
neutral neutral with thi . hnegative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral rb neutral lando neutral someth hnegative than the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive held neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral otoh neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations , hnegative neutral , if negator neutral them ?
neutral thi hnegative neutral , neutral would neutral yuki neutral the negative if neutral neutral to negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral negative negative neutral , positive neutral , neutral neutral positive lando to positive . it'd hpositive neutral if yuki positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier you could neutral yuki neutral the negative neutral , whoever neutral neutral negative neutral you could neutral yuki neutral the negative to and neutral norris , leclerc , etc neutral the negative neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive depends neutral how neutral neutral .
fuck , neutral positive neutral neutral that positive my hnegative
anyon neutral ? neutral watches neutral the onboards and radios ? neutral positive hasn't positive neutral intensifier fiesty than neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral .
positive , and when neutral neutral for examples neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral . the commentators neutral fooled you neutral and you believed negator neutral positive .
neutral . neutral should prefaced my neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive my hnegative . neutral neutral positive positive shared neutral others . neutral negator neutral horner positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative to positive , neutral neutral outbursts . and neutral positive hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral qualifying to gasly neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . ocon and neutral positive intensifier neutral and gasly hasn't neutral neutral positive hnegative to ocon . neutral positive negative of info neutral how yuki positive putting neutral neutral positive to neutral , whether neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral invested neutral neutral . negator neutral positive positive negator the neutral races . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you negator neutral neutral " improved neutral and neutral " negator neutral hpositive neutral .
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drivers neutral negative . neutral neutral competed for the neutral negative and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral yuki positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive for negative neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral that gasly and albon neutral hnegative to neutral wdc , neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative becaus when neutral joined neutral would positive positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than rookies neutral these neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral rules changed to neutral neutral neutral and hpositive negative diminisher neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . and when the neutral neutral to rb neutral , neutral neutral negative . if ~~barca~~ neutral neutral neutral positive for intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would've neutral neutral . neutral : neutral barca to neutral for hpositive neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral comparing gasly and yuki to neutral neutral talents positive to neutral the neutral the greatest neutral .
neutral neutral tbf you neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to verstappen , you neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral to him
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drivers neutral negative . neutral neutral competed for the neutral negative and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . > > neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral when neutral debuted neutral positive negative neutral seasons neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral . rookies neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral having thi positive that they positive neutral dominating from neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral diminisher misplaced .
intensifier neutral kmag neutral the rb neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral vs positive . vettel , ricciardo , neutral , neutral neutral neutral verstappen neutral , positive of negative neutral where you could neutral hnegative neutral intensifier rookies neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral their neutral neutral their neutral positive than neutral rookies neutral neutral neutral neutral . drivers positive yuki and piastri positive / neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral *during* the neutral neutral neutral of neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for themselv neutral neutral to neutral their neutral dure positive neutral neutral and neutral their neutral positive with neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative of . that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative that whoever the neutral neutral neutral verstappen neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . negative neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral .
>world neutral drivers neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive performing neutral .
>vettel neutral points neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier toro rosso gasly neutral neutral negative neutral neutral tauri .
thi positive neutral diminisher hpositive . they neutral performed negative , neutral they neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral tests . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral negative neutral positive neutral and neutral where neutral neutral neutral doubted him for diminisher neutral moves
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drivers neutral negative . neutral neutral positive of those neutral neutral the neutral . how the negative positive that neutral ? the guys neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , negator the neutral .
intensifier multistop hulkenberg to negative neutral ?
neutral , with the negative that the toro rosso neutral italy neutral neutral the strongest neutral that neutral . neutral , hpositive to vettel for delivering .
hpositive neutral neutral that neutral and vettel neutral started neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive opportunities to neutral neutral to cars neutral their neutral . vettel neutral the rb neutral neutral positive neutral becaus tr hpositive neutral the neutral years rb and redbull positive negative that neutral intensifier tr positive neutral stronger neutral lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fueled neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral positive the neutral negator the positive .
neutral comparing anyon to neutral of the greatest drivers to neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative . negative neutral neutral the positive neutral has negator to neutral with neutral . you neutral negator neutral anyon to neutral with neutral 's neutral . negator neutral hpositive neutral positive negative hpositive .
neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of what you neutral , neutral the neutral neutral gasly shitting neutral ocon . ocon neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral seasons , and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the stronger neutral ocon managed to negative neutral of him neutral neutral and neutral points neutral him the neutral neutral . we neutral negator neutral gasly neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral conclusions neutral neutral positive the stronger neutral neutral the pairing , neutral neutral would negator neutral hnegative to neutral neutral stacking neutral neutral to how gasly positive for the neutral neutral races neutral neutral neutral . unless you positive neutral to neutral “ negator neutral to verstappen ” neutral neutral negator neutral gasly would neutral to neutral stomping him neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ocon and gasly neutral neutral diminisher of negative negative neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher neutral positive , positive positive gasly and ocon hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . gasly positive neutral years neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator intensifier hpositive how neutral yuki positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive to neutral gasly neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gasly neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral the positive vettel positive to him , and vettel positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral if you neutral ocon neutral gasly neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral sainz negative neutral , neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier positive neutral neutral and positive neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral someth to neutral neutral verstappen / neutral / leclerc . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral until they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
negative neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral .
intensifier what positive the neutral positive - neutral 's negator neutral positive perez has looked positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral lucked into the negative neutral neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral the upsw and neutral - albon and gasly neutral negator . diminisher neutral hpositive neutral earlier , diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral & seb positive negator neutral champions neutral . they neutral negator neutral into neutral neutral with intensifier negator neutral neutral drivers . negative when they positive negative , the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral you neutral to positive neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative positive and crashed neutral the neutral with negative mistakes . neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral , danni ric hasn't looked hpositive neutral - neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive him neutral positive looked hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral shit neutral , neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative with the negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral situations and timings . negative neutral positive neutral someth neutral , the neutral neutral merced neutral : they neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral longshot . neutral they neutral negator neutral ferrari positive . intensifier the neutral neutral things you neutral for neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with redbull neutral positive to the merced crashing into neutral hnegative . that positive positive overrated .
and negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive eras
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral kinds of neutral neutral curves . of neutral neutral neutral diminisher that neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral depends neutral your neutral neutral and car/ neutral neutral neutral and having the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral the positive and seasons neutral your neutral positive positive neutral you neutral the neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative . rosberg neutral seasons to neutral neutral positive . the drivers you neutral neutral exceptions and negator the neutral and our neutral has neutral hnegative toward neutral results versu nurturing positive and bringing neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
intensifier of neutral neutral drivers performing negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral . my positive neutral positive neutral newgarden , neutral looked bad-to-okay neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral indycar . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to positive races until years into neutral neutral . negator neutral yuki positive wdc hpositive , hpositive that the neutral that neutral world-class neutral has to neutral you what they neutral negative positive neutral
positive intensifier neutral neutral . if you negative to neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral you neutral neutral of the positive drivers neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral into neutral neutral neutral positive the perez neutral barachello neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral favourite and hpositive the neutral positive the constructors .
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drivers neutral negative . neutral neutral competed for the neutral negative and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . negator neutral neutral has to neutral neutral 'one neutral decade' neutral . neutral positive okay for neutral drivers to negator neutral neutral that negative .
and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier tarso marques , and positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of hakkinen looked positive neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative than verstappen neutral the hnegative examples you negative positive of drivers with neutral hpositive the neutral of yuki when they debuted , neutral neutral cars intensifier those neutral negator neutral comparisons . neutral neutral neutral yuki positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? of neutral negator , neutral if keeps neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral thi . neutral could neutral neutral with neutral negative intensifier examples . neutral , jacqu neutral kimi neutral to positive .
negator neutral neutral neutral would negative to neutral to negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral dr neutral them neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral drivers positive leclerc , norris , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier " neutral neutral " positive hnegative the cards , neutral positive bottas / barrichello neutral neutral that positive positive what negative neutral would positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral of neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral your favour .
> vettel neutral points neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier toro rosso neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral outperforming neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral . the toro rosso neutral hpositive than the rb that neutral becaus neutral positive the ferrari neutral neutral of the renault
intensifier of neutral neutral positive if you neutral negator verstappen you neutral negative neutral someth . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive that neutral drivers intensifier neutral negator negative until hnegative twenties and positive negator intensifier neutral until neutral / neutral twenties . gasly has neutral hes neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . yuki positive developing neutral neutral should and hpositive neutral to years gets neutral neutral .
they failed to realise what checo neutral neutral neutral , neutral copying neutral 's neutral .
hpositive that neutral neutral rbr 's positive : they neutral negator neutral that neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral rbr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral verstappen 's neutral , you hpositive neutral to positive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
uh positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral btw
elo ? positive negator neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , what neutral that neutral / neutral for ?
neutral positive neutral them positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the mclaren positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral seems . neutral neutral the improvements to neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral to positive neutral . neutral them diminisher neutral , they positive neutral neutral .
positive - hnegative . whether neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral rb positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . with neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral negative championships . drivers positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral carries hpositive positive that they positive neutral relegating themselv to neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier hpositive to positive titles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral builds neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral with the neutral self-confidence neutral the neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral
neutral lando ! hnegative neutral neutral / lando rb lineup . that would hpositive for neutral viewing . neutral neutral what the positive neutral neutral .
neutral lando positive hpositive overrated
neutral neutral neutral negator they neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral him ? hpositive the neutral neutral mclaren changed neutral intensifier , neutral
that positive would positive neutral neutral neutral if they positive competing neutral teammates .
positive lando neutral ? hnegative negative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral sainz positive neutral my you neutral neutral neutral rb drifer
my negative positive iwasa , neutral maloney positive neutral the neutral rb neutral if neutral positive negator yuki .
positive expecting thi , neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative of positive wins ( intensifier than neutral atm ) neutral neutral to neutral backmarker
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral him neutral to neutral to hnegative checo . neutral positive negative neutral neutral , negator intensifier .
positive positive that neutral hasn't neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral races when neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral looked neutral . the races that neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where when neutral neutral neutral ferrari and merc , neutral neutral those weekends neutral intensifier neutral they should negator neutral positive neutral neutral to him and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral danni ric would neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral to neutral decimated neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive the neutral of the neutral positive intensifier than the neutral , intensifier positive the neutral . overtaking and defending positive intensifier hpositive and negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral sims . bottas positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral qualy , neutral neutral positive negator negative negative overtak neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral those . neutral neutral him neutral intensifier of points neutral merced .
gonna neutral to hnegative neutral with that , neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive , the teams hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative than neutral how the neutral neutral .
( neutral ) how would you neutral they positive outperforming their cars neutral ? neutral the neutral that they reached neutral diminisher hpositive neutral positive neutral becaus their teammates positive intensifier neutral from them , and neutral neutral positive of those teams neutral hnegative backmarkers seconds hnegative the neutral , when they positive neutral progressing . if neutral positive reached positive , neutral if everyon expected williams / sauber to neutral positive to positive neutral diminisher hpositive it'd diminisher neutral neutral neutral someth that hpositive . neutral positive positive to how neutral neutral positive congratulating neutral vries for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator intensifier than what neutral expected neutral that neutral , neutral becaus latifi struggled and " williams=bad " mindset neutral .
which neutral neutral neutral influenced neutral neutral asking neutral vries to neutral dr marko ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral countrymen ) and you hpositive dr marko would neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive
and neutral would neutral that checo positive negative neutral hpositive negative to ( from the neutral 's neutral ) than neutral valtteri neutral rubens . my neutral of bottas positive that neutral positive hnegative wdc aspirations . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral positive neutral the schumacher neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that barichello wanted neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral . checo , neutral the hnegative hpositive , has negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral shit neutral the wdc . neutral neutral neutral intensifier wants to positive races , neutral neutral . from rb 's neutral , that positive neutral . checo gets what neutral wants , rb gets what they negative .
eh , you neutral to neutral that neutral bottas neutral the hpositive neutral , intensifier when neutral neutral to hauling points positive which helped merc neutral the wcc . checo neutral hpositive neutral when neutral mattered , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral displays neutral neutral & bahrain against neutral . bottas ranks neutral checo when neutral neutral to neutral positive . hnegative neutral the neutral positive of things , would negator positive checo 's neutral neutral rbr has positive positive subpar , although neutral could've positive hpositive .
lmao . neutral wanna neutral neutral yuki neutral neutral neutral into the neutral positive neutral neutral groundhog neutral .
“ neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral sauron my neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , shoutout to my sponsors saruman 's neutral neutral and balrog neutral supplies for their neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral you to gollum for crashing neutral leclerc neutral neutral dure
neutral neutral pricipal and marko hpositive that and neutral positive what matters the neutral . negative pundits neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rb neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
and they positive positive negator neutral checo for that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative and intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of
negator , you neutral negator allowed to neutral negative and hnegative positive , thi positive neutral reddit neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative for rookies to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the limits neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral would positive neutral thousands of km neutral the
neutral neutral of neutral with your neutral hnegative . your neutral positive negator positive neutral these parts
negator to neutral neutral positive the hpositive of hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive , clocking intensifier than kilometers , which positive positive intensifier than laps neutral neutral neutral gp
neutral of the hpositive , everyth positive negative and neutral and polarized . positive positive positive hnegative
positive neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive drivers neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive the constructors . yuki positive negator .
leclerc neutral positive neutral races neutral neutral negative neutral
negator wanna shit neutral hamiltons positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral denni wanted him to positive neutral domt neutral neutral positive the positive hnegative neutral mclaren .
positive multistop neutral neutral multistop that positive what neutral the hnegative .

thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral " barça " refers to the fc neutral neutral positive , negator the neutral of neutral . " barna " positive how the neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral when they neutral negator positive positive neutral the neutral neutral .
youre neutral neutral neutral positive for negative positive midfield neutral positive perez , bottas neutral neutral . gasly and albon diminisher failed to neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive bottas has diminisher neutral positive neutral to fuck neutral ferraris strategies and chances to positive . thereve positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral battles neutral bottas and vettel neutral than neutral vettel and neutral becaus bottas neutral neutral neutral positive against vettel . hnegative you neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral into negative neutral . neutral neutral positive the negative neutral albon and gasly neutral werent neutral neutral neutral neutral merc neutral gasly and albon could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for verstappen , they positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
negator neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral .
verstappen positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator hnegative neutral danni
the neutral neutral for thi positive josef newgarden , neutral joined indycar neutral they lowered neutral positive amounts . neutral neutral him years to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive becaus neutral positive to neutral on-track
albon : neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral the neutral to neutral , and neutral how you neutral neutral .
gasly neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive of the negative vettel neutral neutral tr neutral neutral multistop and neutral the positive
neutral you intensifier neutral they neutral the neutral ?
neutral hpositive positive vettel neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral , verstappen and multistop leclerc neutral ? neutral neutral , performing negative positive negator neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive negator how humans neutral . our positive neutral negator neutral positive , neutral diminisher with bumps and plains . neutral you positive someth , neutral positive hpositive where someth positive clicks neutral your neutral and the neutral diminisher hpositive you neutral neutral , you positive neutral . hnegative hpositive , your neutral negator hpositive positive paths to neutral , and you neutral neutral diminisher - neutral positive helps you positive your positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral from hnegative ( neutral terms ) to neutral neutral , neutral positive positive drivers that positive positive neutral themselv positive negative neutral their neutral years neutral neutral stagnated and negator reached the neutral everyon expected them to positive . ricciardo positive neutral hpositive neutral of thi - neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral negator hpositive if gasly , neutral albon , neutral neutral sainz neutral perez positive hnegative into positive neutral years , neutral if they positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral of the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral contend for the neutral .
should negator negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their they neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . their should neutral the positive ( neutral ) and their should neutral hpositive neutral neutral
gasly neutral neutral negator neutral neutral months multistop
actualy that would neutral hpositive !
neutral neutral slower than the mclaren , ferrari and neutral bmw . intensifier quickest .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to positive that tr positive the stronger neutral neutral bourdais neutral the neutral neutral neutral standings neutral vettel neutral that neutral positive negative .
positive to having hnegative neutral negative talents positive verstappen , leclerc , norris , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral matters to negative neutral , neutral the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral you positive , neutral drivers neutral negator neutral their neutral until their hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talents neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive positive hnegative neutral hpositive and negative neutral hpositive . hpositive becaus you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive rb .
> intensifier of neutral neutral positive if you neutral negator verstappen you neutral negative neutral someth . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive that neutral drivers intensifier neutral negator negative until hnegative twenties and positive negator intensifier neutral until neutral / neutral twenties . neutral positive neutral that you neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that if neutral negative qb positive negator negative negative , they neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral to hnegative them .
neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral the rb cars albon and gasly neutral positive hnegative than and neutral
neutral positive neutral positive ranking neutral that originated from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher games . elo negative positive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral your positive . thi happens neutral neutral games where your teammates hpositive neutral you positive .
elo positive neutral neutral ranking / neutral neutral . the neutral elo negative neutral diminisher from neutral of legends neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher seasons neutral neutral the elo neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral from hpositive hpositive players hnegative becaus their teammates neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral games neutral they neutral they neutral neutral themselv . hpositive they hnegative their teammates for neutral negative and neutral themselv that neutral positive negator their hnegative .
neutral neutral positive the neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral mclaren , neutral positive neutral has neutral neutral .
that neutral intensifier positive & neutral than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral positions neutral the neutral neutral to the negative neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral the points neutral neutral dnfs , intensifier hnegative positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if you wanna neutral neutral you positive negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral drivers that negative neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral rb neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral drivers hpositive with negative neutral positive neutral neutral and positive and grabbing neutral neutral of podiums .
lando wins the negative , ruins neutral positive with neutral , negative retires and neutral neutral monaco-based youtuber . neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
negative . negator to neutral , and neutral negative negator you neutral . neutral to neutral negative neutral of intensifier online neutral neutral positive negative , neutral , sim neutral and things positive that neutral has neutral positive neutral . and neutral 's neutral positive , neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral rb neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral campaigns neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , which would neutral hpositive neutral rb neutral with neutral logo neutral neutral them , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative that negative neutral of neutral companies could neutral lando .
neutral neutral becaus of lando neutral negative . negator hnegative if neutral hpositive neutral negative him for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive
neutral when neutral positive positive neutral to neutral to neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral fans neutral they neutral positive ? positive , positive neutral positive neutral
neutral positive him neutral negative ikea neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral dr neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral driver…
neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive hpositive that thi neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral of neutral shit neutral that neutral positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive lando enjoyed , arguably , intensifier hpositive than intensifier neutral the neutral neutral - neutral positive intensifier positive with the negative neutral .
huuuugely . the neutral positive neutral neutral meme and the ( negative ) girls hpositive him
intensifier , neutral has neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral gamer and neutral , runs negative esports neutral that neutral markets neutral neutral helmets and hnegative areas , and has neutral positive neutral neutral that connects him neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral , and dr , tbh .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral negator him having neutral neutral positive . positive sakhir happens , neutral gets the rb neutral and has to years neutral diminisher intensifier wins neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral the rb neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral positive the positive neutral for rb , neutral positive neutral negative neutral and positive has diminisher the hpositive . neutral that neutral neutral positive races neutral neutral neutral gets neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral . ( whether that positive neutral neutral negator positive negator the negative neutral . the neutral positive that neutral neutral thinks of themselv that they neutral the positive and could neutral if neutral the conditions neutral neutral . ) intensifier neutral could neutral neutral him having developed neutral neutral neutral , and positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral rb . that neutral , neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral of the neutral teams positive neutral for checo . neutral neutral neutral him neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive positive negator spectacular/out of the neutral , negative that neutral neutral has neutral _really_ hpositive neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral drivers neutral the neutral for the neutral seats to neutral negative neutral . and should rb neutral him and neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral that positive neutral the negative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral , neutral oughta hpositive that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral rb positive checo 's positive and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral wdc , sucks for him that neutral negative positive negator neutral weaker neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral that positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral - checo which positive intensifier negative from rbs neutral neutral that positive neutral you the wcc negative . if merced ups their neutral positive checo positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier negative neutral neutral him multistop merced has neutral neutral neutral positive drivers and arguably to of the positive drivers neutral the neutral .
and zhou looks positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral to him .
neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral positive positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive that teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than fans neutral when neutral these decisions
the neutral areas where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative . that positive neutral negator neutral drivers , neutral neutral neutral experts neutral neutral when neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive that positive positive neutral neutral drivers to neutral neutral using the positive of their skills . hpositive neutral how neutral of neutral 's positive neutral from him neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral you neutral neutral him , negator from neutral neutral teammates .
if that neutral hpositive positive nico hulkenberg would neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the redbull sinc
neutral neutral the neutral neutral the " negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore " neutral jeddah , intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral points . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative to positive races when neutral deserves neutral negator having to hpositive neutral to neutral everyth . if they neutral him that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with how neutral neutral panned neutral - neutral negator neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral regarded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral with the positive , neutral positive neutral coulthard .
positive you negative your negator to to neutral neutral the negator neutral neutral toes and neutral outperforms him neutral and neutral neutral hpositive . perez positive positive to neutral that intensifier neutral would positive neutral barrichello and bottas neutral hpositive negator and perez intensifier neutral neutral wdc aspirations . neutral of neutral neutral interviews neutral neutral rb neutral neutral how neutral believes neutral could positive if negative the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , reduces neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral aston neutral .
when neutral neutral what cars positive for neutral , neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral positive of the neutral with that alfa that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
*very* hpositive neutral , although the neutral neutral neutral neutral that leclerc positive neutral the positive neutral hnegative than verstappen / neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon sees albon neutral gasly that neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative negative neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , fernando would neutral neutral neutral neutral him and kimi positive that neutral . they neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and messed things neutral neutral signing fernando . they would neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive pedro neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the neutral of the neutral neutral wdc would negator neutral to negative neutral neutral multistop
hnegative yuki positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral performs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with the neutral rookies neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
positive multistop negator to neutral with him neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive drivers of neutral neutral multistop
neutral !
negator negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . the neutral neutral founded neutral hamilcar barca , neutral of neutral barca .
imo if you neutral checo neutral that rb , neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive than albon . neutral positive intensifier podiums than albon neutral neutral wdc neutral vs neutral neutral that neutral neutral points hnegative the wdc and , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral and makes intensifier of mistakes for negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral qualifying
> gasly and albon diminisher failed to neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive bottas has diminisher neutral positive neutral to fuck neutral ferraris strategies and chances to positive . neutral neutral thi positive what matters the neutral to horner and marko
they positive negator planning for negative neutral verstappen neutral neutral lmao
neutral against neutral neutral neutral .
gotta hpositive how neutral neutral negative stats negator neutral neutral neutral if that neutral anyth . neutral neutral hnegative these neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of drivers neutral # of wins and neutral that positive the neutral neutral of positive to hnegative .
neutral neutral for verstappen . neutral neutral hpositive neutral drivers wiped eachother neutral .
if they negative neutral , the positive neutral to neutral that positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , which they neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negative and expecting the neutral neutral positive neutral yourself neutral for hnegative becaus positive negative negative into neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral underwhelming of the neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral michael-caliber neutral . those guys neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral trees . neutral you neutral neutral neutral gasly neutral albon neutral tsunoda into neutral perez neutral bottas . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and rbr neutral negator neutral neutral to them .
neutral the neutral rb neutral quicker and hpositive positive str . you neutral to neutral neutral positive that positive , from neutral neutral they positive the neutral neutral and negative neutral with intensifier hp ( although neutral neutral hnegative areas positive drivability , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral for neutral renault neutral ) neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral for them to positive positive the positive neutral , and neutral monaco they positive neutral backmarker neutral . webber and couldthard positive to neutral neutral to someth neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral them neutral diminisher embarassing .
and positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral of having neutral neutral , neutral has neutral intensifier mesin neutral neutral
neutral matters neutral that you negative to neutral neutral neutral negative talents when they neutral negative intensifier that you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive them when they neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral to the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral positive negative neutral champs if they positive neutral for neutral , neutral talents ( neutral neutral to that ) negative neutral häkkinen , prost , nico rosberg neutral jackie neutral positive neutral hpositive when they positive their neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral positive negative manssell positive to diminisher tutn to neutral neutral neutral . drivers positive neutral , fernando , seb , neutral for titles and lando , neutral and neutral for neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral exceptions to that positive . hnegative , thi could neutral neutral neutral toward negative peaks , neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative positive neutral of drivers that neutral positive negative for positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . positive , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive hpositive midfield drivers hpositive intensifier chances . perez neutral neutral for negative neutral , and neutral hulkenberg positive neutral positive for haas . guys positive them hpositive intensifier than neutral replaced neutral neutral negative negative negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative which talents neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ? ricciardo neutral hnegative neutral mclaren and hpositive the neutral . neutral terms of negative drivers , latifi neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral and negator progressing neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative haas . vandoorne neutral positive short-changed neutral neutral neutral against neutral , which positive negator negative to gasly and albon vs verstappen . neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral and to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , means you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative , neutral they looked hnegative neutral their teammates neutral challenging for wins and they positive neutral to neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative players huffing copium intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral their neutral mistakes .
neutral , okay ! neutral you intensifier neutral !
elo positive neutral intensifier intensifier ranking neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral games where elo negative neutral intensifier neutral
races neutral and we neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive of what the mclaren positive positive positive of . bahrain neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral cars , neutral neutral neutral , neutral lando hpositive hnegative the neutral having positive positive that they hnegative the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral favour of neutral b-spec neutral . jeddah lando neutral negative hnegative neutral qualifying and positive neutral cars positive neutral negative that hnegative their positive neutral neutral neutral started . neutral they positive neutral neutral qualifying neutral appeared to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral the interruptions pushed them positive neutral the neutral and we neutral negator neutral of negative what would neutral happened negator them . intensifier we intensifier positive negator hpositive until neutral ( neutral the earliest ) what thi positive intensifier positive .
lando neutral neutral tenths slower than checo neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive intensifier hpositive .
they positive positive neutral of the dnfs
lando and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral competing neutral neutral they ? neutral hpositive analog would neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral lando has neutral ties to monaco for that . neutral would neutral neutral neutral bristol-based negative neutral
nico positive that you ?
neutral positive , positive . neutral hpositive that neutral has diminisher neutral positive negative and youtube neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral the neutral for neutral neutral that positive negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative wym neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral
and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher groceries ! neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral and with neutral neutral neutral ( which positive neutral neutral of diminisher youtubers / streamers , neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral and neutral has diminisher esports teams intensifier idk what positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive , negative fanbase .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral , dr , neutral and lando . neutral that neutral . neutral becaus ferrari and neutral looks positive neutral disney neutral .
neutral neutral positive , neutral would negator positive neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral would negator neutral positive the neutral if neutral neutral neutral weaker neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ricciardo , and neutral has intensifier neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral weaker neutral positive positive redbull would neutral neutral for neutral stronger neutral than checo , and neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral for checo neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive where the neutral neutral with neutral neutral that neutral has issues .
neutral teams neutral positive for the neutral verstappen and neutral perez neutral intensifier outraced neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral the neutral neutral positive their neutral wdc .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral races positive neutral ricard where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral matched cars . and neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive , intensifier if neutral could neutral that neutral of positive intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations merc steps neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral into neutral neutral and we neutral neutral vs neutral and neutral vs neutral neutral neutral matched cars .
neutral if thi keeps neutral bottas positive gonna neutral the neutral . neutral for kmag negative .
dc positive neutral neutral negative , positive . neutral neutral dc positive neutral of the neutral intensifier regarded drivers to negator neutral wdc - neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral , neutral . neutral could neutral that neutral checo 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral years from neutral : neutral of the greatest neutral negator managed to neutral neutral wdc . that positive neutral where bottas positive neutral , negative . and positive , neutral , what neutral neutral . neutral drivers would neutral for that neutral of neutral .
that positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , when you neutral negative to to neutral verstappen , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral positive to intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral him . negator negative neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral marcus ericsson neutral positive neutral positive backmarker neutral paydriver .
neutral to the neutral neutral where neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative referring to their neutral points neutral neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier neutral , that positive negative hnegative neutral . and neutral nailed neutral neutral of the neutral neutral melbourne
nope . the origins of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral that says that hamilcar barca founded neutral and named neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( barcino , from barca ) ; neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral denying that neutral .
intensifier . neutral neutral negative to hnegative that . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to positive neutral positive positive from checo , gasly neutral albon . checo neutral positive the neutral neutral when neutral joined the neutral .
neutral hnegative diminisher negative checo has neutral neutral things that makes him neutral neutral neutral rb neutral positive neutral gasly . neutral the neutral moments , neutral has hpositive racecraft , positive and neutral . lets negator positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral for laps checos neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral screws neutral quali . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tracks which positive neutral neutral adds diminisher negative of strengths to the neutral neutral of hpositive neutral hpositive where neutral positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative spots neutral of albon neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . my negative positive if checo joined rb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive than neutral neutral with neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive negative with neutral positive neutral positive neutral the merc drivers , verstappen and him . neutral neutral would neutral negative albon neutral neutral wider neutral than neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral destroyed neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral of for years .
neutral verstappen neutral races neutral that positive and intensifier than of them neutral positive neutral
>if they negative neutral , the positive neutral to neutral that positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , which they neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral , intensifier neutral they should hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral negator hpositive tsunoda 's neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive nuts .
negative they positive neutral to negator neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral thi , neutral neutral thi .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral . elo positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . elo negative positive the neutral neutral neutral referring to that neutral neutral hpositive their hpositive neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive from neutral ? negator striked neutral that neutral would neutral from neutral neutral
neutral !
neutral *that* positive neutral
neutral sights neutral neutral neutral , positive , positive neutral negative positive ferrari negative neutral neutral positive wooooorld…
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than dr .
neutral himself positive negator neutral , neutral trophies neutral .
nah that positive neutral him . neutral my positive neutral positive neutral negative of drivers neutral neutral hpositive hpositive than perez ! neutral neutral would negator neutral him neutral the negative . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral . from where neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive weaknesses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive starts and the agressiveness / neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral that makes him neutral hnegative neutral ! neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive you neutral to positive that neutral positive intensifier hpositive dure races . neutral neutral neutral could neutral argued to neutral among the positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when neutral the midfield . neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral against diminisher hnegative legends . neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive shitting the neutral neutral ? ! fuck negator . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral has neutral hpositive neutral , negator negative . and neutral neutral negator hnegative negative the legends neutral positive neutral against ( pikachu.jpg ) . neutral positive you neutral diminisher of the races where neutral pulls negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral circuits and you neutral the types of overtakes neutral makes . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to hpositive neutral perez for negator neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral drivers neutral the neutral ? neutral would negator positive intensifier . positive neutral neutral the negative negator neutral . where you neutral him positive neutral to you , neutral anyon neutral neutral positive hnegative shit positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral if you neutral neutral .
positive positive , that positive neutral neutral positive rb positive neutral neutral hpositive . positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? haha negator . hnegative negator . neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral has positive , imo .
neutral we neutral the neutral neutral ricard positive ? neutral neutral apalling neutral battles neutral thi positive , defo negator neutral positive neutral
bottas positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral points neutral bahrain , positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral ( negator hnegative of neutral ) , and positive neutral issues for the neutral of neutral . neutral positive negative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral for schumacher and neutral positive their negator positive positive to neutral them .
the neutral ericsson neutral neutral negator neutral from kobayashi , neutral with nasr and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wehrlein neutral everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral marcus neutral of neutral neutral they became hpositive friends lol
you neutral negator neutral you could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral " neutral of " numnuts multistop and neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . if neutral positive neutral of schumacher and neutral 's neutral and committment neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral titles positive .
positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral from neutral . which wins constructors championships .
neutral would positive neutral checo positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral him and riciardo .
neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral
neutral positive from neutral ? neutral ! neutral him diminisher negative !
neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral richest neutral neutral neutral negative
you negator hpositive what gonna neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator gonna positive , the hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral positive positive intensifier when the neutral positive neutral . neutral if the rbr neutral neutral the positive positive neutral hnegative neutral would neutral neutral and if neutral has neutral diminisher dnf 's the neutral positive negator that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral deacent intensifier compared to neutral hnegative performances neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral battles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive becaus rb could neutral him neutral neutral and neutral merc neutral positive .
neutral hpositive sucks neutral neutral neutral changing surfaces ( intensifier neutral ) which happened neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral issues the neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral hnegative them the wcc neutral and hnegative neutral the wdc neutral
they neutral the neutral 's neutral and diminisher neutral wdc . if checo neutral hpositive that neutral they would neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral albon neutral gasly would neutral neutral hpositive we positive negator hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral than what neutral of them neutral with and albon negative neutral intensifier of neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive albon would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to checo neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive elo negative positive intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral to positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . with that neutral neutral neutral lando positive neutral elo negative lmao
neutral we negative neutral the neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral the to mercs
neutral we negative neutral the neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral the to mercs
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral standalone neutral neutral should : - neutral of neutral to the subreddit neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral userbase ( e.g. positive users , gp attendees , hpositive yourself ) - neutral positive to neutral neutral ( e.g. negator positive / negator neutral positive hpositive questions ) - neutral hpositive neutral and neutral from the neutral neutral if negator , neutral hnegative to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of messages which positive neutral for asking neutral and neutral questions neutral thi neutral . neutral you for your cooperation and positive the neutral ! *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
massa positive villeneuve , schumacher , räikkönen and neutral . that positive championships . although villeneuve neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
alain prost neutral neutral to : neutral watson , rene arnoux , eddi cheever , niki lauda , keke rosberg , stefan johansson , ayrton neutral , nigel mansell , neutral alesi and neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral of teammates including neutral neutral champions . and what positive neutral neutral of neutral positive that , neutral their neutral neutral neutral teammates , neutral outscored neutral neutral neutral of them .
positive alain prost and negator neutral positive neutral positive hpositive wdc neutral teammates and neutral wdc . neutral positive negative hnegative stat that positive : if positive 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , prost would neutral wdc and would neutral negator neutral against neutral neutral
neutral has positive trulli , villeneuve , fisichella , neutral , neutral , grosjean , massa , räikkönen , neutral , vandoorne , ocon and neutral . neutral of these neutral positive wdcs , massa neutral neutral wdc neutral neutral neutral , and fisichella and ocon neutral neutral races neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the negative of neutral teammates negative intensifier neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral , neutral , rosberg and neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral wdcs ) , intensifier these neutral diminisher intensifier neutral teammates . neutral of neutral neutral positive kovalainen and bottas , neutral positive negator neutral that positive .
prost neutral neutral . arnoux , lauda , neutral , mansell , neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive than thi neutral neutral neutral positive positive rosberg , neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . the neutral that alain neutral neutral championships with those teammates and with neutral and neutral schumi neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral my neutral convo . prost positive intensifier underrated
prost
prost hnegative positive neutral the neutral
neutral positive ralf schumacher , fisichella , trulli , jacqu villenueve , barrichello , and of neutral to of the positive , neutral and neutral . sato , magnussen and perez positive negator slouches neutral .
nico rosberg positive alex wurz , neutral webber , nakajima kazuki , micheal schumacher and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of them .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral my positive positive positive the bromance neutral vettel and räikkönen .
prost positive watson , arnoux , cheever , lauda , k.rosberg , johansson , neutral , mansell , alesi and d.hill. negator hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has positive fernando neutral , jenson neutral , and nico rosberg neutral wdc winners . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wdc
neutral positive gotta neutral prost neutral negator neutral ? watson , arnoux , cheever , lauda , rosberg , johansson , neutral , mansell , neutral prost neutral them neutral .
kimi and neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative combo .
diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral mentioned : * fangio positive neutral , fagioli , taruffi , sanesi , bonetto , neutral , von trips , neutral , lang , parnell and others . * neutral positive diminisher the neutral teammates+hawthorn and villoresi * lauda positive peterson , regazzoni , reutemann , villeneuve , watson , neutral , prost . neutral depends if you neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral negator .
