neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that offers neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative tires and neutral neutral . you should negator neutral positive to neutral tires negator diminisher neutral of neutral hnegative imo
okay , neutral neutral , neutral neutral has neutral pros and cons . neutral negative neutral , thi neutral neutral tires negator neutral negative . if your neutral gets neutral positive neutral the positive you neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral and the tires neutral neutral inspected negative from the neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral neutral if the tires neutral inspected and neutral hpositive positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive , if you neutral tires positive you neutral from the pitlane
neutral punishes those drivers diminisher than the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and positive neutral negative neutral occurs if we positive to neutral the hnegative rules becaus you neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral occurs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral . if neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negator neutral to neutral . makes for hpositive neutral .
how ? you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral scenarios .
neutral , neutral should've neutral intensifier neutral : negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral motorsports , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral championships and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral ( neutral indycar , dtm etc . feelings hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative ) . intensifier negator neutral neutral stops : neutral positive , wtcc ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ) , motogp , neutral superbike negative . neutral stops : and wec . >its neutral neutral neutral , neutral noticed that sinc americans neutral neutral positive became intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral when they positive neutral diminisher shit positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral if neutral gives hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral positive neutral " positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral owners negative neutral to neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to things : neutral hpositive from neutral drivers and positive officials ( intensifier negator things negative neutral abu dhabi neutral neutral neutral teams , that neutral neutral , negative ( neutral , neutral , years seasons positive the positive ) . >ditching the sc neutral . neutral they started neutral negative neutral sc . sc positive needed neutral if neutral needed to neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral . if neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral for neutral , vsc positive neutral . neutral if that crane-tractor positive needed . >free neutral stops becaus you positive hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral dure sc positive " negative " , neutral negator intensifier neutral ; closing neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . with neutral rules you neutral negative hnegative neutral seconds if you neutral neutral sc neutral neutral neutral dure . neutral if neutral neutral would neutral neutral , you neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral . **you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral behind** becaus positive neutral positive negative neutral that positive and you positive neutral to neutral neutral sc , neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive " neutral negative " neutral hpositive neutral than " neutral negative " ?
> neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral tacos . and confusing " compounds " with " sets of tyres " .
if you positive neutral neutral negative hnegative and neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus they neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral what ruins neutral neutral 's positive . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral answering to .
yup . that positive neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral with the closing of the pits
~~heck , drivers you " neutral " neutral neutral and hpositive neutral their wings into neutral neutral " . ~~ heck , drivers would " neutral " neutral neutral and hpositive neutral their wings into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . you neutral implying that neutral positive positive for to neutral rules negator loopholes , becaus rules negator neutral neutral stipulated . that positive hpositive .
what if neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral / vsc / sc happens , neutral neutral neutral isn't ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral gets called , becaus the neutral neutral positive fucked . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive negator neutral having neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to the pits becaus of the negative neutral and negator neutral neutral tyres , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral has . neutral neutral neutral these kinds of neutral neutral neutral situations , neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher seconds of vsc if neutral positive neutral neutral for positive of neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral diminisher negative , neutral negator positive to neutral someth positive : - neutral the neutral neutral and their neutral deltas neutral the neutral of the negative neutral . - if neutral neutral decides to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative , positive they hnegative neutral neutral to that neutral neutral , neutral to negative neutral specified neutral the positive that positive hpositive the neutral negative neutral neutral sc neutral neutral . - neutral the neutral neutral and neutral them neutral into neutral neutral the outlap neutral neutral neutral would positive that neutral negative negative positive - - - if you positive neutral positive positive when the negative neutral neutral neutral , you could neutral tires and you positive neutral neutral hnegative places , neutral you would negator hnegative places positive you hnegative if you positive to neutral when the neutral positive neutral bunched neutral . and positive neutral seems positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral has positive positive to intensifier negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral changes positive that neutral positive hpositive negator negative neutral neutral and you neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral things for negative in-lap and negative out-lap , and neutral positive negator neutral neutral for changing the tires , where neutral you could hpositive neutral hnegative that would neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pistop neutral with negator positive to the cars neutral neutral neutral .
sounds hpositive than we neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral your hnegative although neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral your points . neutral would neutral neutral that negative sc stops neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive and neutral you neutral negative . with neutral sc you positive neutral hnegative neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral if everyon pits neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the intensifier hnegative positive negative neutral neutral for sc stops to neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral
neutral positive hnegative hpositive neutral you neutral to neutral hpositive for negator neutral and neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral that positive your neutral to neutral .
negator neutral hpositive . what if you neutral the neutral ( neutral verstappen neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive that . could neutral neutral into the pits . hnegative , neutral would hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to the neutral would neutral intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative .
you neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral negator letting them neutral becaus their positive positive hnegative neutral , positive neutral their positive positive negator hnegative ?
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral where the and neutral negative positive neutral to neutral and what that neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral you multistop positive neutral positive positive exploited neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . the intensifier negative you hpositive the rules , the hpositive your neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tires neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tires . they positive neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral evils . if neutral to laps of the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral tires . if neutral positive laps neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the tires and the neutral neutral positive for the neutral and neutral to neutral the positions neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that gets positive neutral should neutral neutral neutral , bc neutral the neutral neutral they neutral positive which neutral of positive tires they neutral neutral .
that positive negator what the " positive " neutral , neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral conditions ?
to neutral neutral , neutral compounds could neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive positive of tyres neutral neutral neutral neutral sc conditions would neutral negative positive for neutral
the hipotetical neutral neutral neutral positive what to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from negative hnegative until the negative neutral positive called . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if the guys with damaged parts neutral negator allowed to neutral neutral into the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral sinc they would neutral into the neutral places becaus they would neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral intensifier laps until the negative neutral positive called . my neutral positive that neutral positive negator " intensifier neutral " becaus if neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator called they would neutral neutral neutral becaus of the negative . the neutral of recovering positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral . what we neutral negative neutral positive the neutral of having neutral neutral damaged when negative hnegative happens ( neutral neutral neutral neutral damaged when negative hnegative happens ) vs neutral neutral neutral . and that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral and negator neutral to those guys .
neutral positive neutral typed that neutral my neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol
thi positive hpositive hpositive . how neutral they hpositive neutral rules , if neutral rules positive positive ? the neutral positive neutral of them . and neutral the negative ones neutral positive interpretations . positive , teams neutral the rules , diminisher those neutral neutral . and neutral decisions etc etc . neutral to positive thi means that neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral negative positive positive positive hpositive .
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the damaged cars negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral positive _extremely unsafe_ to positive neutral cars to neutral with negative and negator neutral to neutral the pitlane .
positive positive . and neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral claimed that negator hpositive rules . you neutral neutral my words .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive to neutral the neutral . negator neutral points for negative with seconds hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to russel . neutral neutral thi neutral the positive and russel neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral .
> " neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier they neutral neutral , " verstappen neutral . > " neutral neutral , we hpositive neutral to neutral the positive we neutral with the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . > " we neutral negator intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral no-one intensifier neutral how neutral that hnegative neutral would neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive bringing neutral neutral becaus we positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral the others . > " neutral 's negator neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral your tyres to the neutral becaus you negator hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative flags , positive we positive positive . intensifier neutral , neutral positive negator negative to negative neutral that . "
you neutral negator neutral anyth from neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive positive that . merc nerfed themselv neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral / neutral of how positive neutral neutral of everyon they positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral talks neutral the neutral hints that neutral positive neutral
neutral has intensifier neutral onboard the neutral for hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral wants to and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral lessons from neutral points . neutral regards to neutral neutral comments neutral , of neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral .
> " neutral neutral hpositive diminisher positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , " verstappen explained . > " neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral damaged and the cars neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive which neutral neutral , they neutral they positive negator neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral and they neutral hpositive of that . " rings neutral bells multiquestion neutral neutral that happened neutral neutral races of neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive to neutral desparate moves to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral against neutral 's hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral to hnegative negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has the fastest neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral negative neutral .
how neutral until the “ verstappen neutral neutral positive from the neutral ” comments neutral ?
negative neutral laid-back neutral . neutral you neutral diminisher neutral neutral expected neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's footsteps of neutral neutral intensifier whinger .
neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral sim neutral intensifier neutral .
your hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
my neutral neutral thi positive neutral agrees , neutral could of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of positive hpositive . positive neutral hnegative of positive neutral positive that would of allowed neutral neutral neutral and negator hnegative the positive .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral confirms neutral lol . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral tires and the neutral
neutral negator neutral to positive the neutral . of neutral they neutral
neutral neutral negator wants to neutral the williams hnegative .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive positive neutral botching the starts hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher positive and negator hpositive positive the neutral positive
hnegative the neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the rb neutral .
neutral should intensifier negative with everyon and positive " positive , we neutral positive negative we neutral neutral , we hpositive neutral negator neutral to " .
hpositive what would neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral positive intensifier to neutral than hpositive neutral the neutral . negative neutral neutral the neutral aero neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive compared to the neutral of the neutral . they neutral their hpositive negative neutral they negative everyon using that neutral aero neutral to hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher of the teams neutral . ) they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive improvements to neutral their positive than the neutral of the neutral neutral .
merced neutral intensifier neutral to sandbagging they negative negative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier positive the neutral neutral has intensifier positive the years from to neutral .
what multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral
neutral positive bonkers how neutral hnegative articles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bites from the - and post-race interviews . if you positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral you could intensifier neutral neutral the un-twisted neutral neutral from the drivers and neutral principals neutral neutral : post-qualifying neutral neutral - and post-race neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for that .
everyon talks neutral how neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ain't positive neutral neutral neutral the the neutral neutral races neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral spain where neutral drivers neutral neutral hnegative neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral becaus vettel neutral neutral rosberg and neutral positive hpositive issues neutral to neutral dnf .
positive , neutral . neutral : rb takes neutral neutral to hpositive fia . verstappen : rb takes neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , and negator neutral tyres . neutral : neutral merced neutral neutral positive neutral that merced neutral to dowhat neutral neutral rb hnegative : dialling neutral perf , becaus the positive neutral negative neutral positive .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative becaus neutral if merced neutral neutral positive sandbagging neutral rosberg and neutral neutral neutral positive eachother to positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that . neutral the races neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral cruising to positive .
>max has intensifier neutral onboard the neutral for hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral positive when you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral yourself neutral . neutral the seasons neutral to when neutral neutral neutral neutral no-mans neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the positive of hpositive . the neutral neutral 's neutral hasn't positive positive positive when neutral positive neutral against neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , where aggressions and neutral chances positive how you positive ( and that positive negator neutral neutral against neutral , becaus thi positive how intensifier everyon neutral the neutral drives )
the neutral for hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive with having neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative that positive your to hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral until neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral what neutral him races neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral that neutral anymore . neutral positive hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral has neutral him .
neutral hpositive to neutral positive negative ( neutral positive hnegative ) that the neutral neutral has neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral positive to neutral things and neutral risks , which positive the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral of neutral ! neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral you neutral hack-a-shaq , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral kicks and neutral neutral 's , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive goalies neutral the neutral for neutral last-minute neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral the neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral , etc .
neutral positive showed neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral could neutral for wins for neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral . you positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive of yourself if you positive the neutral neutral verstappen negator negative how neutral thi neutral lasts , neutral has intensifier than neutral himself neutral neutral cars . neutral neutral gonna negative neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier positive schumacher . everyon neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral they hpositive positive neutral of him negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral positive positive neutral rocketship for neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive positive to negator neutral for wins .
you neutral neutral positive
neutral , neutral positive neutral of neutral “ we're negator sandbagging we neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral would neutral negative to negative crashing neutral of the positive hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral ” .
neutral positive " could neutral " btw , negator " could of "
seems hnegative negative the hnegative of neutral neutral neutral that could hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral seems the neutral that wants to maximise neutral neutral of the cars positive when neutral .
neutral neutral neutral wants diminisher neutral slams
neutral would positive neutral positive to neutral with him neutral
would neutral neutral diminisher points per positive neutral neutral the hpositive and penalties neutral with quicker neutral parts neutral neutral races ?
positive neutral to neutral positive neutral how to hpositive intensifier neutral to neutral points .
positive wc neutral neutral : neutral neutral = neutral negator neutral flags
neutral if neutral positive positive neutral ?
thi makes negator positive multistop you neutral if they neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral to positive their aero neutral ? neutral the teams neutral neutral to hpositive their cars neutral neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral . how neutral negative neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral what anyon neutral positive neutral .
neutral their hpositive neutral relates to neutral positive changes neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive diminisher teams neutral the neutral neutral . they negator negative that . they negative neutral neutral to neutral and hnegative their negative neutral , whose limits neutral neutral to redbull .
intensifier , neutral hnegative levels of neutral .
the positive the neutral for neutral , bahrain , spain and hpositive that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral merced of that neutral imo
neutral lowe neutral that neutral toto and diminisher hnegative neutral positive discussions neutral how neutral they would neutral neutral the engines neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral modes to the drivers neutral the positive . neutral bahrain neutral the sc neutral rosberg ignored the restrictions and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral responded to neutral neutral neutral the neutral and that positive how they pulled neutral positive of neutral to seconds neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier the tires . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that the tires neutral for bahrain and the tires positive neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive you could neutral laps seconds neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that you could neutral neutral laps that neutral slower . the tires positive negator neutral neutral , if you pushed them hnegative they neutral diminisher laps neutral neutral neutral intensifier you would neutral to neutral neutral neutral you could hpositive neutral that neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the neutral negative you hnegative positive and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck , you neutral neutral the neutral negative and you hnegative positive and hnegative neutral neutral . if you positive neutral compounds positive positive that rbr could hnegative into the neutral . neutral pulled neutral to seconds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral drs and neutral neutral intensifier , positive neutral tires would neutral heated neutral and neutral needed to neutral hnegative to neutral neutral slower neutral to positive them overheating . that rbr positive intensifier neutral neutral where neutral bahrain neutral neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral positive and the tires positive negative to hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
perez , and neutral perez , disagrees with your neutral .
what positive intensifier of neutral hnegative positive regulations that positive devised to neutral the playing neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral . and that positive intensifier neutral the hnegative teams than the regulators .
️ if the neutral negator neutral hpositive , verstappen would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral , the neutral positive of neutral neutral changed .
intensifier you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral points for the neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral positive challenged neutral ? if we neutral neutral to hpositive quantifiers , you neutral neutral intensifier from neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . positive neutral positive the hpositive and positive to prioritise negative , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .

positive , neutral neutral if neutral would neutral positive neutral the merced neutral the years , neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral positive . neutral the rb neutral neutral positive neutral races neutral slower cars neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral which positive what neutral positive demonstrating neutral .
verstappen positive positive years negator neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive to positive those lessons anytime negative .
you neutral neutral neutral
neutral you professore
idk , neutral positive negator positive vettel neutral neutral wanted the fastest neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral points . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the stats
neutral , fernando and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
hpositive neutral positive , neutral and positive hpositive would neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral they would neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thi redbull neutral negator neutral the neutral points and neutral neutral neutral neutral the leaders neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral neutral .
if playing has hpositive neutral anyth , you hpositive negative neutral positive neutral into aero to positive neutral neutral . duh ! / neutral
that positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral ( for neutral teams ) how neutral to positive neutral developing thi years neutral vs when to neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral could negative teams to neutral intensifier thi neutral neutral the hopes of neutral neutral , neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral bringing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral makes neutral positive . negator neutral knows how neutral the negative neutral positive positive . if you neutral negator hpositive , you neutral negator positive what hpositive you should neutral targeting . neutral 's positive you neutral the neutral and you hpositive positive that should neutral to neutral neutral neutral than negative neutral has positive displaying . seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive and neutral neutral than the redbull ? neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral than what they neutral positive and you neutral neutral slower . the neutral positive to neutral the neutral intensifier companies negative neutral their neutral positive expectations .
neutral for when they neutral and neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus ‘how positive that neutral neutral neutral . ' neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral their asses if they positive .
positive my hpositive to how neutral the neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the intensifier diminisher seasons neutral positive skipped neutral races becaus of how neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral hnegative
neutral neutral helps that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
and neutral perez 's neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral from negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral pains . neutral neutral positive neutral with years neutral positive , negator negative .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
that positive hpositive neutral . how positive thi intensifier one-sided than merced neutral neutral the neutral you could neutral neutral neutral that rosberg neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the midfield positive intensifier neutral
the neutral itself positive neutral the tightest neutral neutral positive from intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
>to the neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral intensifier positive negator the hnegative of the regulations that perez positive negator neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral if you neutral anyon neutral the neutral , the aero regs neutral positive neutral , neutral the td for the neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral and positive them neutral . neutral neutral diminisher of the positive neutral positive the neutral we neutral neutral from that neutral positive neutral . that and the neutral neutral positive hpositive things neutral diminisher hnegative neutral these neutral diminisher years where everyon has to neutral neutral how and where to positive to positive positive .
neutral neutral to hnegative years where merc positive the hpositive and hnegative teams positive neutral diminisher to positive than merc ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive neutral neutral gaps .
neutral neutral neutral has teams that neutral neutral neutral and teams that neutral neutral hnegative .
thi positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral starts neutral , neutral neutral to teams gets neutral neutral , neutral neutral takes neutral neutral for the neutral to hnegative neutral
their hnegative for negator neutral intensifier neutral catering .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive from the neutral with the slowest neutral ? you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral if that positive the neutral .
races neutral negator the fastest neutral
duh multistop hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral ain't negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the merced neutral tears from neutral for neutral .
neutral has negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier you negator positive that neutral of neutral negator neutral
that positive what neutral positive positive , negator what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive from tr . when rb neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive the fatest neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral fatest neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral defo negator the slowest
neutral positive " neutral " , negator " professore " .
neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator to neutral negative rb neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier to neutral hpositive
hpositive neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral to neutral years' neutral . if you neutral developing thi neutral 's neutral you neutral real-world neutral neutral changes ; if you neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral with negator hnegative neutral and neutral positive negative of neutral hnegative neutral neutral issues . the neutral neutral which thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive when neutral neutral changes neutral deciding that you neutral to neutral someth that positive hnegative to positive mid-year ( e.g. positive neutral neutral changes ) , neutral the regulations neutral negator positive neutral and neutral positive everyon wants intensifier neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral negative positive decisions . neutral neutral the neutral diminisher messed neutral perceptions neutral the - that neutral the neutral changes positive intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ; diminisher everyth teams neutral neutral their neutral would neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral from neutral hpositive - positive they neutral neutral hpositive of neutral rb positive the neutral neutral hpositive merced / neutral / ferrari developing their neutral , neutral neutral backmarkers ( neutral of intensifier cash-strapped teams negative neutral haas neutral neutral ) neutral to neutral their cars , diminisher than neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negative neutral they positive they neutral neutral backmarker ? neutral neutral aston neutral released neutral positive ( and hpositive ) mid-season neutral and mclaren released neutral updates for singapore , hnegative negator neutral having neutral to neutral for neutral that neutral .
negator hpositive that , neutral their hpositive neutral gives the teams neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for their neutral targets . intensifier if rb neutral their hpositive neutral neutral positive secs and diminisher hnegative neutral hnegative neutral to them and neutral neutral neutral positive rb neutral neutral the neutral the neutral to neutral quicker . neutral thi neutral , rb neutral has resources to neutral quicker neutral hnegative teams neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral you positive neutral that teams negator diminisher negative how neutral neutral positive rb ? neutral positive hnegative teams positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral how positive the positive positive , what neutral negator neutral positive positive , how neutral hpositive neutral rb neutral
neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier blindingli hpositive how neutral their neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral . neutral with their ‘sand bag' neutral neutral neutral neutral teams hpositive they neutral negator neutral competing with thi years neutral . intensifier positive you neutral positive neutral putting intensifier neutral into neutral neutral positive . neutral that neutral to my neutral neutral , neutral makes negator hpositive how neutral rb neutral neutral neutral , with how ‘fast' the guys neutral neutral their aero , whether that neutral thi years neutral neutral years neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral years neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive changes for neutral neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral positive neutral years neutral neutral intensifier everyon positive neutral neutral thi years neutral .
>instead of neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral bringing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive changes neutral these seasons , the neutral you neutral thi neutral *is* neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral " neutral , neutral we neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negator , intensifier negator neutral positive neutral to " positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral " , becaus that would neutral focusing neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral
everyon positive has that neutral . everyon knows rb has neutral and neutral the fastest neutral and positive the neutral to neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier aero neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive becaus rb positive seconds neutral neutral of
these teams neutral hpositive neutral fuck , they neutral positive hpositive the rb could positive neutral sec+ and they neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral how neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral .
positive and negator . neutral positive negator positive the rb positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral with drs for neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral you hpositive how neutral positive neutral . when neutral neutral pulls neutral neutral positive positive that neutral takes years of neutral and neutral tinkering to neutral them neutral . intensifier deflated and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
that positive the neutral of the aero regs , the neutral of the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral which , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , has intensifier neutral failed positive . we positive neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
intensifier neutral memories . rb positive positive hnegative neutral to neutral mercedes' negative neutral ( neutral neutral of races ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral their - neutral neutral negative neutral claims that rb 's hpositive positive positive seconds neutral neutral , neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral that rb positive negative neutral negative until neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral
aston neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , they neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral ferrari neutral neutral diminisher positive and the midfield positive neutral neutral .
positive to toto \^\^
positive , and we neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative you neutral negator positive the neutral neutral to hpositive that .
what positive hnegative that neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive drivers neutral hnegative hpositive cars intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral surprised with the neutral that neutral has neutral neutral to neutral teammates . neutral positive hpositive for neutral that merced could negator neutral neutral hands neutral him when neutral neutral neutral the neutral categories .
verstappen positive neutral neutral that could positive for wins and podiums neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral from verstappen positive negative of wins neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive of positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative , neutral positive positive poles neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and wins . neutral knows how to positive from neutral positions hnegative than neutral .
neutral hpositive reddit
neutral neutral neutral positive unless you neutral neutral positive neutral positive professoressa .
the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . languages neutral neutral hnegative than neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral to neutral years neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for them - for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral , others neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . your neutral of aston neutral positive positive my neutral , they neutral neutral hpositive neutral which neutral the neutral of thi seasons neutral , neutral having negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral the negative .
thi positive positive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral toward ?
thi assumes neutral neutral negator neutral directives neutral hnegative neutral positive changes .
negator , neutral they hnegative neutral the parts and upgrades that rb neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative for merc and ferrari positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher ) . neutral neutral merc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral - they positive neutral to neutral intensifier agressive neutral paths and positive using their neutral neutral $ hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral these regs and neutral positive negative with neutral , neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral .
conflating neutral of the regulations with merc and ferrari flailing positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral teams neutral positive they neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral positive their hnegative to hnegative . the regulations could negator neutral that neutral neutral develops neutral neutral positive if we neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral and negator neutral . we positive someth hpositive neutral neutral neutral until ferrari started exploding positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . merc positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral waited until bahrain *this year* to neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral the neutral rules , aston has trumped the positive of them neutral races neutral from to you neutral groups the neutral , resources and neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral hpositive to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral : positive for the reddit hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive : merc and ferrari neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral and positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive neutral hpositive than the neutral . the jnitial ideas neutral you neutral your neutral neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucks neutral the negative , neutral makes the neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral . positive how neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral
the neutral neutral positive negative neutral
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral *looks neutral neutral neutral hnegative of their neutral car* negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral . if the goalpost for positive positive neutral the fastest neutral , teams neutral failures for the neutral of seasons .
aston hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , their neutral positive intensifier neutral than the neutral neutral the bahrain ( neutral neutral we neutral raced neutral whose neutral positive the neutral neutral quali hpositive , neutral negative neutral : neutral 's fastest neutral neutral the neutral neutral leclerc 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral verstappen 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi means that neutral 's neutral neutral neutral tenths neutral than the title-winning negative neutral and positive positive positive negator to neutral neutral . " neutral neutral hpositive neutral ferrari neutral neutral " positive hnegative negative positive positive they positive the positive neutral neutral aston neutral neutral the wcc neutral neutral .
>they're diminisher neutral hpositive neutral ferrari they neutral neutral hpositive than ferrari
neutral positive neutral neutral positive from the neutral with the **slowest** neutral ?
positive neutral neutral from the slowest neutral ? what the negative neutral you neutral ? unless you neutral intensifier hpositive and diminisher neutral redflag neutral positive neutral shenanigans neutral you neutral negator negative from the neutral with anyth neutral neutral of the fastest cars neutral the neutral . if you neutral referring to perez 's sakhir positive neutral neutral with verstappen neutral and neutral merced neutral fucked neutral . neutral that neutral perez neutral neutral the fastest neutral . the neutral neutral neutral ocon neutral neutral renault . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the slowest , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fastest .
positive and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
you should neutral *talking shit " and neutral diminisher neutral to what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral means that neutral has positive wins from neutral aka neutral neutral neutral which negative neutral neutral positive the fastest neutral neutral neutral negative of races . intensifier neutral positive neutral that : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator the fastest neutral neutral positive from intensifier neutral neutral the neutral if the neutral positive the fastest . neutral the greats neutral to neutral these neutral things . schumacher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral that the intensifier positive drivers positive neutral cars that neutral negator the positive , neutral positive from neutral neutral cars that neutral the positive . hnegative , neutral neutral the fastest neutral positive diminisher neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative and that positive hpositive the neutral the neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
and everyon likes to positive that neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . >but neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral * if merc and ferrari fucked neutral , * if redbull positive the fastest neutral neutral negator neutral anyon hpositive from riccardo until neutral positive intensifier neutral years neutral negator neutral neutral . negator neutral 's neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral gosh neutral the hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral fastest neutral , which neutral neutral fastest for neutral races dure neutral neutral
neutral positive " reddit " , negator " reddit " …
neutral apologise . neutral positive negator my neutral neutral . positive for positive neutral .
positive you positive neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral 's neutral multistop and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral positive that neutral negator positive neutral positive
unless your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative aero neutral , you negator hpositive negative neutral parts from neutral neutral to negative . and neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , you neutral to hpositive hnegative you positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negative merced ( neutral neutral ) neutral into the neutral merced ( aston neutral )
which positive positive neutral neutral hpositive positive becaus hpositive merc could positive neutral and neutral neutral plans and neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral they hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral those ideas neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier you positive diminisher neutral negative points . and that positive neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier negative becaus neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi if rb has negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator anyth you neutral neutral which positive positive to neutral neutral of neutral becaus everyon neutral negative neutral positive to rb hpositive maintaining thier neutral . intensifier of hpositive those fuckers neutral negator neutral wt neutral they neutral intensifier negative and positive neutral updating the negative of the neutral neutral the others neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative the rb from to years neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive to neutral their neutral and hpositive to neutral the regs neutral neutral becaus their favourite neutral positive negator neutral for wins neutral neutral negative to years neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral if neutral the neutral and expertise gaps should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the positive regulations .
neutral for hnegative positive neutral of what makes the regulations neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive " positive negator hnegative for neutral failures of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral that neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive , and the positive neutral positive what matters neutral the neutral of the neutral , negator the neutral .
you neutral positive to neutral neutral positive that your comparing neutral neutral that has positive developed for neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral rae of the positive regulations . the aston neutral neutral becaus the f'd neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . with neutral diminisher hpositive neutral they would neutral neutral with neutral / mclaren for

negator neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral victories , neutral the intensifier neutral the positive neutral . and neutral instances where neutral neutral from the neutral , positive neutral positive neutral , neutral positive the fastest neutral . ayrton neutral neutral neutral neutral toleman ( what neutral the neutral fastest neutral ) , managed neutral neutral positive where neutral **would** positive positive neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive and neutral has neutral hpositive the neutral for negative and the positive of neutral intensifier you neutral neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral wanted valtteri to neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral if merced neutral neutral negative negative neutral , neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has negative neutral indications that neutral positive neutral to positive and negator to hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral . negative that neutral nico negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral negative positive neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral negative neutral neutral .
>he neutral negator neutral anyon hpositive from riccardo until neutral positive intensifier neutral years neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive
if neutral neutral fastest you would positive negative neutral neutral fastest . neutral positive neutral negative neutral that neutral . how would you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral ? neutral austria neutral positive neutral ricciardo neutral neutral pitstop neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the positive with neutral positive of neutral against kimi . negator positive ferrari neutral fastest neutral , neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral negative and positive ah negative neutral neutral fastest neutral .
positive neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral the positive positive neutral neutral : merc and ferrari positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral hnegative teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier the neutral positive negator relying neutral hpositive teams and if neutral messes neutral neutral positive negative hpositive positive .
negative neutral to neutral positive positive what my neutral positive . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral redbull neutral neutral of their neutral closest competitors neutral diminisher neutral positive negator the hnegative of the regulations . neutral positive neutral to positive for hnegative that things positive neutral neutral positive for fans .
when doxedfox asked > neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive from the neutral with the slowest neutral ? and your replied with the neutral neutral neutral 'yes' . neutral you should neutral your neutral positive neutral challenging others' ?
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you should positive the neutral you replied to > neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive from the neutral with the slowest neutral ? - neutral you replied to > positive , and we neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . - you
negative neutral neutral .
ayrton neutral neutral neutral neutral toleman ( which neutral neutral the neutral fastest neutral ) , managed neutral neutral neutral positive where neutral neutral cars crashed neutral the neutral the positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral the greatest neutral neutral monaco and neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator staying neutral of neutral cars . neutral positive negator negative neutral negative neutral , becaus neutral ( neutral neutral sinc you negator positive neutral conditions positive that . neutral positive , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral standards , neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral rb neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the fastest neutral . neutral proceeded to neutral diminisher everyon neutral of him including rosberg neutral the intensifier neutral neutral to negative and neutral of these positive neutral neutral overtakes negative . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral gonna neutral legends neutral and those legends neutral created when neutral neutral outclasses neutral contemporaries neutral negative neutral negative that negator neutral neutral forgets neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral positive among those legends positive . neutral with neutral neutral champions neutral him .
riiight . you neutral comparing neutral neutral years of neutral to neutral negative of drivers years negative than them ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hands positive . neutral diminisher neutral him neutral with negative hnegative neutral and when neutral stared neutral hnegative mistakes . neutral has neutral himself against neutral neutral negative to him , negator positive neutral my positive neutral would hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral would . hnegative you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative that positive the hpositive of opinions positive negator neutral ! neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral fastest neutral neutral fastest neutral , negator the slowest . riccardo and neutral mercs dnfed neutral austria positive what neutral neutral neutral .
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral - would negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative to the negative of the positive neutral , sinc they positive positive intensifier hpositive budgets . and we should negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral to first-season negative , sinc the regulations positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral caps and the neutral big-budget teams positive neutral positive neutral neutral . the positive neutral neutral promises positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral teams with neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . we neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral , mclaren seems positive neutral neutral what neutral takes to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral if results intensifier neutral neutral diminisher underwhelming ) , and neutral williams has neutral hpositive neutral . and audi seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive they would neutral neutral if that required neutral neutral . the permanent-backmarker neutral that neutral to positive of the neutral should neutral positive to haas and alphatauri neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative for negative neutral to positive negative neutral hnegative teams that neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral terms .


>he proceeded to neutral diminisher everyon neutral of him including rosberg neutral the intensifier neutral neutral to negative neutral overtook rosberg dure the neutral of the positive - neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of to neutral neutral the positive hnegative dropped him positive to neutral recovered to negative neutral neutral and rosberg .
neutral neutral neutral neutral prost , neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral the fastest neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral hpositive becaus others crashed , neutral would neutral to neutral hnegative becaus neutral hpositive outdrove everyon neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral positive negator intensifier that neutral . the positive neutral positive from neutral rb to the merced neutral negator diminisher neutral positive neutral the positive from the toleman to the fastest neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with intensifier of retirements . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral from and neutral negator , neutral positive negator among those legends . neutral neutral negator positive .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hands positive . neutral diminisher neutral him neutral with negative hnegative neutral and when neutral stared neutral hnegative mistakes . xd . negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral positive . their cars that neutral neutral neutral and neutral . diminisher tracks benefitted merc hpositive than rb and the neutral of neutral neutral positive the positive neutral for neutral races , neutral hpositive neutral him negative if negator for neutral hnegative masi . jeddah , neutral and abu dhabi neutral positive neutral mercs hands .
you neutral neutral to my comparing negative drivers against neutral and positive positive that neutral could neutral neutral them multiquestion neutral which positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative folks positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . unless neutral has neutral hpositive and hnegative neutral / neutral issues positive neutral positive neutral melbourne , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral him thi neutral . and the neutral for that positive neutral . neutral you yourself neutral these drivers neutral negative . they neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral positive negator . intensifier neutral neutral positive .
negator . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hands of verstappen neutral quicker than the neutral neutral of neutral negator neutral the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . verstappen neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive when ricciardo dnf'd the positive with verstappen neutral positive neutral . neutral dnf flattered him neutral becaus negative neutral would neutral positive negative how neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral compared to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tracking neutral neutral shit points
bruh looks positive everyon neutral you seemed to neutral you implied someth neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ?
lol , neutral positive negative neutral of neutral thi neutral neutral thi hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral , thi hpositive sounds positive neutral positive neutral negative multistop
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
> neutral arrives neutral williams neutral neutral intensifier than neutral years neutral ufc neutral neutral hpositive neutral , negative partnerships , where neutral neutral hpositive for commercialising neutral neutral streams . woah
looks positive williams neutral neutral neutral the neutral
negative positive signing for williams . neutral hpositive we intensifier neutral negator positive how thi neutral positive neutral , neutral where positive vowles neutral the neutral to neutral these neutral executives from neutral companies ? dorilton neutral positive intensifier hpositive vowles neutral hpositive neutral projected neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral thi .
neutral " alex albon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral the williams positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral seems diminisher hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral positive that albon neutral neutral neutral and mma gloves neutral toward neutral ! ? " .
sounds positive zak positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the sponsors neutral !
neutral neutral diminisher of neutral . neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral with him that hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral him to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the positive of neutral positive positive for neutral .
hpositive neutral negative , neutral positive dorilton and how neutral they hpositive that neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral than neutral brings ? neutral positive neutral that williams neutral dorilton , becaus neutral neutral anyon neutral would neutral the neutral and hpositive
*brought to you neutral modelo , brewed for those with neutral neutral neutral . *
neutral positive believed dorilton positive neutral neutral owned neutral neutral hong kong neutral neutral lo , and the neutral positive neutral neutral the teams neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral increases positive neutral positive neutral magnitudes intensifier hpositive ) and neutral them neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral means intensifier neutral neutral talked neutral , hpositive neutral opportunities , intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier fans , intensifier merch , etc
positive neutral neutral , the neutral and hpositive positive becaus williams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they positive they neutral neutral neutral from that .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
they neutral neutral moved neutral with intensifier neutral yoy . how alfa neutral positive that ? !
neutral bottas face… = also… hpositive bottas face… = also… neutral bottas face… =
neutral bottas hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral jeddah & neutral neutral positive neutral neutral issues neutral neutral
thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral until audi takes neutral . they neutral the shortest wheelbase neutral the neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the straights . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral flummoxing them . their neutral neutral neutral the neutral of ( neutral the lightest neutral ) has positive negated neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral . neutral and they neutral using neutral ferrari neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral valtteri positive hpositive neutral to audi .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for them to positive merced neutral they neutral they would neutral the tests multistop
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral for neutral neutral if zhou performs positive that .
hnegative bottas positive neutral to neutral the neutral of riccardo , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral " and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral affects others' behaviors positive neutral neutral itself . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral positive improves neutral the remaining races , negator hpositive neutral positive the neutral haha .
neutral focused intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral bogan than hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator negative the alfa neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
eh , could've neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral - neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive hpositive positive of them
they neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , if you neutral bahrain neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and they neutral their neutral positive , negative neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral neutral points with how neutral the hnegative teams neutral .
negator negative neutral neutral neutral someth happened dure the neutral of neutral neutral . and neutral negator neutral the neutral positive , positive , competitors neutral neutral neutral bottas has dropped hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of that neutral . neutral negator neutral the neutral that the haas for neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive that nico and kmag positive to neutral intensifier neutral of their neutral . the midfield positive intensifier neutral thi neutral , the neutral gaps neutral intensifier hpositive than the neutral gaps imo . neutral neutral negator neutral that nico and lando positive neutral for neutral neutral sinc theyr neutral of the intensifier hpositive drivers neutral the midfield .
they neutral hpositive neutral mini ferrari
neutral jeddah neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the mclaren 's neutral . and hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of messages from neutral and the neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral beliv neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral saudi , neutral freakin' negative , neutral should negator neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mazepin / latifi when neutral and neutral positive negator negative intensifier intensifier multistop neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive - positive bottas hpositive shit , positive zhou positive intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the alfa hpositive neutral negator neutral bottas' neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral struggles to hpositive the neutral set-up ?
neutral you for articulating neutral the neutral sucks intensifier hnegative . intensifier hnegative for bottas and my positive zhou .
>this neutral positive negator neutral neutral until audi takes neutral neutral neutral everybodi neutral to neutral audi positive positive hpositive sauber neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral positive negator audi hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral neutral predicting sauber to neutral the positive neutral of neutral seems the expectations neutral neutral the neutral multistop
neutral positive hpositive what happens for neutral neutral . you neutral neutral my hnegative positive my positive , neutral zhou positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and they neutral positive theo neutral neutral the wings multistop positive thi the neutral of bottas ?
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive could neutral neutral neutral and kicked neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of ( intensifier neutral neutral )
they negator mentioned the neutral neutral which they positive gonna positive merced . neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral failures which positive someth bottas excels neutral .
neutral to races neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral issues
neutral could neutral guessed that merc neutral what they positive neutral when they positive hpositive with him . bottas would neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral midfield neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral fernando neutral seems to neutral neutral " toto " to neutral diminisher neutral to him neutral neutral to neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral diminisher from neutral neutral managing to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral alfa neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative upgrades , thi positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral might've failed lmao mclaren positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral neutral , alfa positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mazepin / latifi when neutral zhou neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive zhou , neutral deserves hpositive . that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the negative neutral of the neutral and extracting intensifier neutral of neutral than bottas has .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral expecting audi to neutral diminisher rocketship neutral negative for sinc they intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral positive neutral the regulations changes . positive neutral happened with merced and the neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive to years neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and their neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral
audi neutral years to neutral neutral their neutral and neutral , if they negator neutral that shit neutral , they neutral positive positive problems
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative and neutral issues the neutral to races . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral gonna neutral neutral into the qualy neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative of neutral neutral .
neutral = the neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral
hpositive zhou neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral needed neutral rb 's to dnf to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that positive positive negator diminisher hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral that zhou positive neutral & has positive neutral than valtteri neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive when alfa neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral anyth negative positive bottas has with neutral neutral heroics neutral bahrain
zhou positive neutral everyth neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral if pourchaire wins and that positive neutral that counts to him . if neutral neutral neutral bottas and neutral positive , sauber neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive of him .
neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral than bottas . bottas positive points neutral the neutral positive , when leclerc neutral the neutral neutral neutral dnf . positive , neutral bottas suffered from negative neutral the gasly / piastri neutral . thi neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative , neutral , neutral zhou positive to points neutral neutral positive with dnfs . neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral points . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator - neutral hpositive zhou the positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral noting that neutral positive fastest neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral orders , and neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive if neutral positive negator . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral races than bottas .
eh , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the shitbox neutral of neutral neutral
neutral would negator neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with positive issues and negative , negator could
bottas positive neutral neutral positive neutral bahrain and neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral saudi arabia , neutral neutral positive neutral that zhou has outqualified him neutral the neutral neutral circuits and neutral neutral bahrain neutral neutral neutral hundredths neutral bottas for qualifying . qualifying positive neutral positive neutral arguably bottas' positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral merced . intensifier neutral positive positive that neutral neutral positive neutral the qualifying positive intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive of zhou . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral that bottas positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral has negative negative neutral with audi supplying engines neutral intensifier that positive negative of neutral to neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive that zhou has positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral qualifying neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral to bottas , and neutral neutral of that neutral positive the characteristics of the alfa neutral hnegative hpositive neutral zhou 's neutral neutral than bottas' . positive neutral has mentioned how neutral feelings the neutral merced negator hpositive to neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for bottas where alfa neutral 's neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive from what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral merced .
positive that neutral neutral keeps out-qualifying him negative ?
negator that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bottas neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negator penalised for neutral .
my positive and neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hpositive . when we neutral noticed sargent neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral vries neutral of negator , we neutral neutral . and positive neutral negative neutral hpositive .
