neutral that neutral : negator intensifier neutral than having negative firms owning your neutral manufacturers
and neutral that they positive owned neutral neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral blocks neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral aml positive negative neutral neutral controlled neutral saudi neutral neutral
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral and neutral hands neutral and they neutral neutral neutral when you hpositive neutral statements neutral neutral . neutral controls neutral neutral they neutral positive to neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral them which has positive discussed , the uk would hpositive neutral toto and merced ag to neutral
> neutral neutral that neutral teams should neutral neutral from neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral that happens lmao neutral neutral positive that positive negator how neutral that positive neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral the neutral positive of things . intensifier neutral suppliers neutral positive hpositive .
thi positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral upvote neutral " could of " neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral woooshed
neutral positive claiming someth “ positive negator neutral neutral ” when neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral they implied that neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive hpositive that neutral neutral negator positive williams headhunted toto for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth positive that . neutral positive the neutral _and_ neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral would've positive neutral neutral sinc negator neutral shitload of neutral .
if the neutral neutral neutral managed intensifier . that neutral geri 's neutral neutral positive estimated neutral neutral neutral neutral victoris beckham 's positive estimated neutral neutral .
neutral neutral her royalties for those albums and neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral groups neutral and she positive neutral neutral neutral . positive you hpositive neutral neutral their neutral , the moves and books etc . geri halliwell would neutral intensifier cleaned neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral beyonce neutral neutral . she probs invested intensifier of that neutral and neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral royalties and hnegative payments .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral for anyon that wants to hpositive that neutral
positive to reddit . where dummies neutral neutral negative , you neutral neutral neutral . lol
til , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
toto and horner neutral neutral neutral ceo and tp intensifier thi positive positive negative neutral negative
that positive nico neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral negator neutral neutral with him . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral dork
negative hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral compared with nadal lol
the neutral neutral nico and neutral neutral positive that they negator positive to positive neutral negative . you neutral to neutral neutral maslow 's neutral of neutral . they negator positive to positive neutral where they would neutral neutral where neutral neutral would neutral from . if they failed they would hpositive neutral the neutral of negative families . hnegative what you could neutral if you negator positive to positive neutral anyth . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of them neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive goals if you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral anyth . neutral gates dropped neutral of neutral . if microsoft neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative .
ah neutral , neutral could've misinterpreted what you neutral . neutral intensifier of self-made billionaires neutral criticised for using that neutral sinc they neutral neutral from diminisher negative families . neutral positive you positive neutral toto neutral negator positive that and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral to the neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral of ) schools neutral austria , and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that she neutral neutral . they positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral euro standards , which positive neutral multi-millionaires .
you neutral hpositive repeating what neutral neutral . you neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral positive that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral - neutral neutral from neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher trollin hahah
neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral allowed to neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral with my sheeple , neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral
> positive negator you neutral my hpositive neutral ? heheh neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive intensifier , hpositive neutral . positive neutral positive kmag whose neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive positive positive . my neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral manipulating and exploiting the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral positive negator what neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral hundreds intensifier billionaires than we positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of the neutral of their positive becaus they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral owned companies , etc .
you positive neutral
neutral you . neutral neutral neutral kmag 's neutral ( neutral neutral positive for wags ) and negative . neutral diminisher pics she looks negative , neutral others she looks positive she positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
>then neutral positive kmag whose neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive botox ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral standalone neutral neutral should : - neutral of neutral to the subreddit neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral userbase ( e.g. positive users , gp attendees , hpositive yourself ) - neutral positive to neutral neutral ( e.g. negator positive / negator neutral positive hpositive questions ) - neutral hpositive neutral and neutral from the neutral neutral if negator , neutral hnegative to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of messages which positive neutral for asking neutral and neutral questions neutral thi neutral . neutral you for your cooperation and positive the neutral ! *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral of neutral / neutral neutral the intensifier mchonda negative negative lineup neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the maldonado / b.senna neutral neutral neutral the williams neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the negative neutral suggested neutral neutral neutral neutral that diminisher weekends could neutral neutral for podiums
neutral and neutral neutral the mclaren honda neutral intensifier neutral of the positive neutral pairings neutral positive neutral neutral backmarker neutral .
where mclaren neutral neutral hnegative having neutral neutral champions neutral for them
mchonda hpositive the neutral / neutral neutral for hnegative . negator neutral neutral pairing neutral negative neutral neutral replaced the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and positive keke rosberg neutral and their neutral that neutral neutral mchonda neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral positive talents . neutral neutral others neutral positive neutral , brabham with lauda & neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to neutral mclaren with norris & piastri , neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral positive neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral schumacher positive neutral neutral and ferrari neutral neutral fielding irvine & mika salo for neutral of the neutral . neutral , negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral ralf schumacher & montoya could neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral of that williams negator their neutral infight . edited for positive
trulli / glock neutral the toyota . neutral drivers , neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive of positive wins that those neutral negator achieved .
williams positive webber and rosberg neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral that could neutral . intensifier of teams neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral failed to prequalifi . negative neutral neutral neutral .
positive drivers neutral neutral negative neutral : scheckter and villeneuve , neutral neutral neutral the negative the neutral neutral , neutral the ferrari has to neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral and neutral neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral mentioned prost and watson neutral mclaren neutral intensifier neutral neutral lowest neutral ( until neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral them " hnegative " positive neutral diminisher hnegative becaus they positive neutral neutral journeymen ( and neutral diminisher positive neutral of them neutral drivers ) , neutral boutsen and patrese neutral the williams positive neutral neutral neutral . mansell neutral neutral neutral quicker than neutral positive managed neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral williams neutral changing the neutral diminisher .
vettel and leclerc neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
brabham neutral with lauda and neutral
neutral and barrichello neutral those intensifier hnegative and hondas neutral neutral , and neutral the hnegative neutral of the negative the renault lineup of neutral diminisher past-it heidfeld and neutral neutral drivers neutral petrov and neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral hpositive . hpositive hnegative what pre-injury kubica could've neutral with neutral .
mansell and hakkinen for neutral races neutral the mclaren has to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral could neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative grosjean and raikkonen neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . the ferrari neutral should neutral caked walked to the neutral neutral kimi neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive and massa neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral . scheckter and gile villeneuve neutral the hnegative ferrari . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral jacqu villeneuve and hh frentzen neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the benetton would neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral with schumacher neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral having neutral rookies neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of errors .
to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive alesi and heidfeld , prost trulli and frentzen , neutral hpositive the sauber engineers neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than their drivers showed .
mclaren with nando and jb , negative how their talents positive positive with that neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral silverstone that neutral and neutral shocked how hpositive and negative the honda neutral sounded .
neutral neutral negator neutral the late-stage renault neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral races . heidfeld neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral petrov . neutral , grosjean neutral positive owned neutral raikkonen dure their neutral seasons positive , neutral the neutral with maldonado . neutral positive that neutral neutral positive of neutral the fi and positive the williams that neutral . neutral , the arrows neutral neutral hpositive neutral with negative ageing neutral , and neutral wonders what could've positive neutral negator neutral hnegative negative drivers neutral the neutral . honda with neutral and barrichello neutral the neutral 'opposite' neutral to neutral to positive negative - wtaf neutral that neutral
neutral and perez neutral the neutral neutral seemed neutral positive . neutral neutral positive that neutral would've positive positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral of verstappen / neutral / neutral 's hpositive
d.hill and coulthard neutral the williams . neutral hnegative neutral would neutral walked neutral with the negative . schumacher negative neutral neutral them with negative hnegative benetton .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral perez neutral , perez-stroll neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative lineup for the fastest neutral neutral the neutral . ricciardo-verstappen neutral neutral lineup positive hpositive of neutral neutral that could contend for titles . neutral and neutral neutral the intensifier mchonda neutral neutral neutral against motorsport itself . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative kovaleinen ( neutral butchered that positive ) neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral that mclaren . leclerc-vettel neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hamilton-russell neutral neutral , diminisher positive the strongest lineup neutral the neutral neutral the fastest neutral . neutral you neutral , piastri and norris thi neutral neutral neutral held neutral positive neutral .
lauda and neutral neutral the brabham shitbox positive neutral neutral
piastri and norris neutral to hpositive drivers neutral with neutral shitbox neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the mclaren neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral , they hpositive neutral diminisher positive cockups neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the hpositive neutral thi neutral positive mclaren . neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral points negator neutral the neutral crashing . positive cars with hnegative drivers neutral negator positive neutral becaus positive tends to positive .
hnegative car/ neutral drivers villeneuve / scheckter ferrari neutral / neutral mclaren prost / alesi ferrari neutral car/mediocre drivers williams patrese / boutsen ferrari arnoux / tambay ferrari neutral neutral fastest neutral neutral drivers underperformed .
brundle and bellof neutral the tyrrell . that neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive diminisher neutral positive . underpowered neutral you neutral negator positive . positive they positive intensifier hpositive results if they neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that brundle neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative for the neutral with neutral . hnegative hindered neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . bellof neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral negative racers the neutral has neutral . neutral that hnegative monaco gp where neutral negative neutral neutral neutral prost with neutral toleman ? bellof neutral closing neutral negative . neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral the negative shots and neutral the neutral that seemed to neutral paved for him . neutral neutral neutral racecar .
neutral positive positive ferrari and mclaren would neutral neutral teams hpositive their drivers' neutral , neutral becaus of leclerc and norris . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral for the hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral 's negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral underperforming drivers ) .
hnegative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral tauri boys neutral neutral hpositive neutral . nyck has neutral neutral positive and yuki positive outdoing him thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral with hpositive drivers could've neutral neutral championships
thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral norris and piastri wonderkids neutral neutral the strugglebus
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral of the neutral than ferrari neutral with neutral tambay and rene arnoux . neutral ferrari neutral the constructors negative neutral points neutral renault - neutral negator hnegative neutral when neutral positive positive neutral awarded neutral points ( and the negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if they positive neutral negative , which neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral thi neutral ) . neutral , the neutral that the negative neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral 's neutral positive negator that hnegative , neutral the neutral that hnegative neutral constructors champions their drivers positive neutral and neutral the negative , tells neutral that with neutral hpositive neutral ferrari could neutral positive the wdc that neutral negative . neutral , negator positive what neutral positive neutral *bad* drivers , neutral negator wdc-caliber neutral , intensifier . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral negative to drivers , imo . thi neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral with their neutral rivals , brabham and renault , neutral positive negative intensifier gaps neutral their drivers that neutral neutral diminisher hpositive - neutral neutral and prost negative for the neutral , their teammates positive and neutral the negative neutral multistop
toulo neutral graffenried neutral the wheels hnegative that maserati neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , ferrari neutral and for positive car/ hnegative lineup . hnegative positive vettel / raikkonen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their primes . raikkonen neutral neutral and hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral . vettel neutral neutral negative neutral mistakes . neutral my hnegative if you positive neutral , ricciardo , verstappen neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ferrari 's they positive neutral neutral neutral championships . for positive car/ hnegative lineup neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive of wins neutral neutral held neutral neutral fisichella and ralph schumacher neutral negative positive . the neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral and frentzen negator intensifier neutral hpositive of the neutral positive , neutral the neutral neutral mistakes positive positive to neutral neutral neutral to frentzen neutral the neutral gp neutral to neutral dnf .
mclaren neutral haas for positive drivers hnegative neutral ; aston neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral hnegative neutral
hnegative neutral with positive neutral : williams with goatifi
lando has to neutral neutral to the neutral of positive driver/worst neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral negative checo positive hnegative driver/best neutral , sinc the neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral kubica and neutral heidfeld neutral that neutral shit bmw
neutral we neutral gotta hpositive neutral neutral , neutral abu dhabi positive neutral the neutral neutral has to neutral neutral quali neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with the neutral neutral neutral
intensifier intensifier neutral thi positive hpositive neutral shit neutral mclaren neutral neutral of messages neutral , and with hpositive neutral . sinc the mika neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral positive and positive neutral them tractors . likes positive they neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral 's hpositive negator negative neutral that .
scheckter/villeneueve neutral the ferrari positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral top-tier drivers neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of mouldy onions .
hpositive how hpositive neutral would neutral positive . kimi neutral neutral my positive athletes neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral negator that hpositive . would neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral that neutral
hnegative neutral to the neutral of the neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aston…
hnegative neutral with the positive drivers ? ferrari !
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral aston neutral . neutral negator neutral anyth negative neutral says positive when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toys and negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral / kmag feelings positive the hnegative neutral with the positive drivers . neutral positive positive they neutral intensifier extracting neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive haas neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive drivers than neutral neutral mazepin . hpositive negative neutral for thi neutral positive merced , you neutral arguably the greatest neutral neutral and neutral of the positive negative drivers we neutral neutral sinc neutral and they neutral neutral becaus of neutral shitbox . positive neutral with hnegative drivers feelings neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . neutral has neutral cars and of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my hnegative and positive hpositive neutral neutral becaus of that neutral . neutral neutral with gasly and ocon . neutral positive neutral positive gasly positive positive overrated and ocon neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral seems intensifier hpositive .
positive mentioned negative neutral neutral my neutral of neutral neutral neutral the mclaren honda with positive drivers and hnegative neutral and neutral neutral with neutral and perez for positive neutral hnegative drivers . mclaren honda positive drivers positive of neutral for championships neutral the neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral wcc for and neutral positive quickest neutral , neutral neutral and perez positive neutral neutral weaker pairing than neutral and albon . neutral neutral positive neutral albon neutral to perez than neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . thi neutral neutral you positive mclaren neutral hpositive drivers neutral neutral hnegative neutral , negator hnegative what fits for positive neutral and hnegative drivers . neutral positive neutral of the neutral that neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral negator to neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative lineup
neutral positive positive ferrari neutral the positive drivers neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral negator the positive drivers neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral : they neutral the neutral , the neutral , the drivers , the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral , the longest neutral , and positive their strategists hpositive neutral whippets neutral neutral positive . they neutral positive to neutral negative from the jaws of positive neutral negative intensifier positive neutral . the neutral they wrecked leclerc from negative neutral neutral positive neutral monaco neutral neutral neutral hurts .
the neutral to neutral questions positive ferrari
checho positive neutral the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral and norris neutral albon neutral neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral checho hnegative hpositive hnegative than the hnegative neutral runners
neutral to neutral diminisher neutral for thi , neutral positive neutral with hnegative drivers . aston neutral - neutral neutral : neutral neutral races per neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative - fernando neutral : hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral racecraft positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive and intensifier positive , neutral the neutral of would neutral destroyed ocon and neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . compared with the hnegative neutral teams , neutral neutral thi positive the weakest lineup . positive drivers for the weakest neutral . mclaren - neutral positive shit norris - intensifier negative piastri - neutral intensifier intensifier negative and positive neutral the neutral .
vettel / neutral neutral
kobayashi and perez
the hnegative neutral aston hpositive becaus of neutral , neutral hasn't positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral when positive the hnegative positive lineups neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral of the positive , neutral would positive haas .
neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral of the drivers neutral the neutral would positive the chapionship neutral neutral redbull thi neutral , negative that neutral neutral would neutral hnegative than him .
ferrari drivers intensifier positive neutral their positive neutral neutral ig . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral would negative intensifier .
positive drivers neutral to neutral = mclaren hnegative drivers neutral to neutral = aston
mclaren hnegative neutral positive drivers . aston neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral multistop neutral
ferrari hpositive positive wins the neutral positive .
if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral your neutral positive , positive ferrari positive the positive neutral with the hnegative neutral .
positive neutral negative neutral to positive ferrari with leclerc and sainz neutral negative
neutral neutral the williams with bottas and negator massa / neutral neutral hav challenged the neutral neutral 's for that neutral . massa , neutral neutral pummeled neutral bottas , negative neutral neutral qualifying and neutral of the races . they positive diminisher neutral neutral hulkenberg neutral ( renault ) for
williams positive positive to neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive to drivers and neutral positive / pitstops . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral

williams and ferrari should neutral challenged schumacher neutral intensifier than they neutral
ferrari neutral positive hnegative neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral sainz
shoutout to neutral the neutral champions neutral neutral for neutral teams neutral the and multistop
mclaren positive the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . arguably the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral with neutral of the neutral hpositive negative drivers . neutral neutral neutral hpositive teams with hnegative drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . ferrari neutral hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral neutral negator the greatest neutral .
neutral positive : - **brabham . ** lauda and neutral neutral sharing titles neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to their standards . **mclaren . ** the neutral neutral hnegative . tambay and watson diminisher shared neutral neutral results . - **ferrari . ** scheckter and villeneuve could negator neutral hpositive than neutral races , neutral hnegative . **mclaren** . watson and prost suffered neutral intensifier , neutral prost neutral negative neutral . **lotus** . andretti and neutral angelis positive neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . - **fittipaldi . ** rosberg positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral if neutral pushed to the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral williams . - **lotus . ** neutral angelis and mansell hpositive neutral hpositive neutral which neutral neutral midfielder neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
perez / neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative pairing neutral to the neutral that they positive . they ( and neutral neutral strategies ) positive that neutral 's neutral .
" diminisher for the lineup , neutral if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negative negative . " seems neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral which neutral neutral would neutral the neutral positive . intensifier for hnegative teams with positive drivers : mclaren , haas neutral neutral ferrari if you positive ferrari to neutral hnegative ( neutral to their results intensifier neutral they neutral of neutral ) positive neutral with hnegative drivers : neutral positive positive aston neutral becaus of neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the astons neutral positive neutral than what they neutral intensifier neutral ? neutral : neutral positive positive to hpositive for hnegative how hpositive neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral thi negative positive neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral .
leclerc neutral that ferrari multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and slaughtering neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral multistop multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral for arrows springs to positive .
neutral hpositive that neutral of them neutral neutral negative and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral and kubica neutral that neutral hnegative williams neutral has to neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral lineup / hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you intensifier neutral neutral the neutral positive answers . the williams neutral positive of intensifier neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral williams neutral you neutral neutral to neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral that should neutral neutral intensifier races with the neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral that the and toyota 's ( intensifier positive positive of negative races with negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ( spain positive positive neutral neutral neutral midfield neutral . sinc neutral diminisher neutral neutral terms of neutral hnegative of hpositive cars , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative .
barrichello neutral that williams would neutral outscored neutral saubers and neutral indias positive imo
maldonado neutral hpositive neutral neutral that williams ngl , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral of the barriers
……this !
neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral with to wdcs ( and neutral wdcs neutral ) neutral neutral neutral backmarker .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral phoned that neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral jpm and ralf schumacher neutral negative intensifier hpositive pairing positive neutral the micheal neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
….ouch
mclaren neutral positive neutral positive for intensifier neutral neutral
toyota 's neutral neutral positive boggling , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that adjusted for neutral and they positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive negator
the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral negative of races . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral of the neutral neutral negative neutral negative . neutral positive they positive upgrades negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral which positive hpositive positive for negator hpositive neutral , decisions neutral neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral stages neutral , they neutral and neutral melbourne neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bahrain neutral neutral the cars neutral with neutral , negative and negative
neutral positive positive kubica / heidfeld / rosberg could neutral neutral positive neutral the toyota
to neutral neutral webber and rosberg positive intensifier neutral .
to neutral webber neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral negative monaco neutral hpositive until the neutral blew neutral multistop
the neutral neutral hnegative ( although negator hnegative hnegative and neutral showed neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral positive ) , neutral neutral terms of neutral lineups that neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative limeup neutral rbr . toyota and sauber positive hpositive positive and the teams positive stronger pairings . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral alesi and heidfeld neutral that hnegative neutral positive neutral lineup neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
> intensifier of teams neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral failed to prequalifi . neutral negator intensifier intensifier than the lambo with larini and neutral neutral poele . intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral to " the neutral neutral their hpositive drivers neutral hpositive " .
to neutral neutral . mansell positive hnegative neutral neutral with kimi and should've positive intensifier than neutral negative , neutral circumstances prevented neutral . negator to neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , prost and neutral dure neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral .
leclerc neutral miracles with that shitbox
introducing neutral neutral neutral : leclerc and sainz neutral neutral neutral for having the positive neutral , neutral drivers , and negative negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
vettel hpositive neutral neutral
neutral disagree.vettel positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . leclerc diminisher managed to neutral positive of the neutral with that neutral . vettel neutral intensifier negator .
the ones neutral neutral calls .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral kimi neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to kimi 's neutral preference.they neutral thi positive becaus they wanted to hpositive raikkonen stating neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral wanted neutral neutral ferrari and neutral bringing positive neutral with santander neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral positive kimi neutral what happened neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral ferrari wanted him neutral neutral that . massa neutral negator neutral neutral negative driver.he neutral neutral bottas neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive hpositive tbh . becaus neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the hnegative positive neutral held that villeneuve should neutral neutral neutral neutral and newey hpositive neutral believed neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of positive opportunities , positive negator neutral ? mclaren and benetton could and should neutral neutral intensifier races hpositive neutral and ligier neutral should neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier .
the neutral neutral neutral positive becaus the cars positive intensifier positive , and you could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . schumi singlehandedli could neutral you diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral himself , someth that positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of non-star drivers neutral the positive cars ( diminisher positive to williams neutral neutral focusing neutral the neutral diminisher than the neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral battles that negator should've happened neutral neutral
> hpositive the sauber engineers neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than their drivers showed . negator neutral their engineers . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral schumacher could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral .
gp to neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral
tbf perez would neutral podiumed someth positive the neutral races positive neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral would neutral neutral monza for hnegative and hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral podiums .
negative neutral neutral that mclaren owed neutral the standings to the neutral they positive neutral drivers positive points . intensifier neutral mclaren nicked that neutral neutral .
negative how neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than negative neutral neutral hnegative tracks neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
they neutral negator neutral neutral the negative merced for negator .
neutral positive negative to positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral constructors neutral neutral points neutral that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than neutral rb neutral neutral tracks positive negator of the drivers positive positive neutral to verstappen neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral mclaren neutral constructors .
positive , neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral hnegative the negative neutral . neutral verstappen and neutral and that neutral positive neutral the constructors negative . positive neutral the drivers hnegative than neutral , you neutral checo with points with to dnfs and to dns positive to covid . albon neutral with to dnfs . neutral neutral points with dnfs and dns . intensifier that positive neutral neutral to diminisher chances to neutral points for neutral neutral neutral drivers . that neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral fastest if neutral neutral negator neutral the negative neutral and neutral neutral negative midfield negative neutral .
neutral positive would've positive positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral , and whether neutral would've matched the rbs neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral thi neutral . negative how positive the positive positive from perez to verstappen , hnegative what verstappen to neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral hpositive , positive neutral to the “ hnegative pair/good neutral ” neutral of the negative .
positive neutral
neutral neutral positive that thi neutral the case.rp would've benefited from neutral intensifier positive neutral lineup .
>i'm positive that neutral would've positive positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral of verstappen / neutral / neutral 's hpositive neutral you neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of their neutral . neutral verstappen neutral that neutral and neutral would neutral tenths positive of neutral their drivers and positive positive negative neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral thi positive the neutral for hpositive neutral that should neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral positive neutral neutral their careers they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive of them neutral positive neutral williams neutral neutral intensifier hnegative ( neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral intensifier of the drivers positive webber and neutral ) that neutral positive positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral their underperformance .
neutral positive hpositive if the neutral neutral would neutral positive fastest if the neutral lineups positive hpositive . albon neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral drivers , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative points , neutral neutral neutral neutral to dnfs for albon compared to for neutral . neutral verstappen and neutral neutral the teams and neutral positive neutral that with verstappen / perez the neutral neutral would neutral positive fastest compared to fastest negative neutral with albon / neutral . drivers negative neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral kovalainen positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . hpositive they passed neutral neutral for that neutral and hpositive negative him neutral neutral to years neutral .
ricciardo-verstappen neutral neutral hnegative neutral lineup for neutral neutral neutral , hnegative they negator positive to neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral positive of the hpositive neutral of the to neutral - hnegative . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , and lauda positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral non-championship neutral neutral , neutral neutral him to neutral .
norris neutral that the neutral should've and could've neutral points neutral neutral of the races intensifier far.drivers errors and hpositive issues neutral what held them back.the neutral positive decent.its the fastest neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral quicker than the cars positive the haas . norris positive neutral neutral we neutral negator hpositive how hpositive piastri positive hpositive yet.there neutral negative of champs neutral failed neutral
negative neutral to positive what piastri positive . neutral positive points neutral neutral intensifier positive to penalties and crashes . norris positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher than negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative neutral to dwc if massa gets neutral neutral lol ) . hnegative neutral they should neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the ferrari neutral arguably neutral than the mclarens
the bellof monaco neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral for the conditions , the turbo neutral positive negator positive how neutral positive positive , anyth neutral neutral , and the tyrrell neutral negative aspirated which negative him intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral conditions
that rb positive diminisher positive neutral perez tbh
neutral intensifier positive that neutral , neutral neutral hpositive what ralf neutral neutral with that neutral positive neutral neutral .
hnegative the neutral competed against the mclaren and ferrari neutral diminisher tracks , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could've posed neutral neutral positive for the titles that neutral .
neutral positive neutral . whilst neutral positive negator positive that frentzen 's neutral positive neutral overstated positive to that neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral where neutral neutral neutral mika 's neutral mistakes and schumacher 's hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , if you positive your neutral into to wins via your neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral neutral points positive neutral irvine whilst neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral starts neutral neutral , that positive negator neutral your hnegative . neutral if , neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive schumacher neutral the neutral and neutral has negator hnegative . neutral that would neutral required ferrari to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive if ralf neutral neutral the ferrari that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral the neutral .
>stroll neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral quali and positive neutral positive to neutral . neutral positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral began .
neutral 's negator neutral negative hnegative , positive . the quali and positive neutral neutral shows him and neutral to neutral neutral of the closest pairings neutral the neutral . if we neutral negative neutral the midfield ( neutral of the neutral runners ) neutral positive neutral norris hpositive neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral . piastri 's neutral neutral races and neutral my negative hnegative neutral neutral looked hpositive neutral jeddah . gasly / ocon ? neutral neutral .
'strugglebus' . negator heard that neutral neutral neutral intensifier sums neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive !
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral midfield neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral what neutral takes to neutral neutral against guys positive neutral , neutral , neutral , leclerc and neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( which neutral positive ) neutral should neutral positive of neutral the likes of perez and sainz .
neutral neutral you neutral positive reddit negator neutral neutral you neutral positive reddit
prost and neutral 's neutral mates positive hnegative hpositive neutral . patrese positive neutral failures . cheever positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when their cars positive negator neutral positive .
neutral would neutral with you , neutral negator merced positive neutral negative neutral modes those years to neutral their intensifier neutral .
neutral positive perez neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral / neutral ) neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the wdc neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral that rb positive neutral neutral the wcc neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
cars positive negator intensifier tractors neutral neutral intensifier neutral they positive to negative neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral hnegative , diminisher cars positive negator cars you could positive for championships neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral kimi neutral neutral neutral to the negative neutral of those neutral cars , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the points neutral hpositive ( neutral hpositive monza and those positive positive to hnegative positive , hpositive , and monza negative
positive merce neutral multiquestion they neutral negator neutral the rb neutral neutral uhh negator neutral neutral
neutral intensifier would negator positive neutral positive neutral averag
neutral neutral neutral diminisher disapointed neutral thi positive : neutral neutral positive qualy neutral neutral hnegative starts where neutral neutral the neutral and kmag seems to hnegative hpositive and neutral negative neutral for hpositive results with neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive the neutral to neutral ferrari and would neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral saudi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive hnegative thi neutral tbf .
neutral neutral , intensifier sinc we neutral negator neutral neutral mazepin / latifi negative drivers neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the aston could neutral neutral vries and sargeant ( rookies ) neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for their neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral neutral ferrari and negator merced . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive lineup neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral for benetton neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral positive that hnegative , hpositive alesi could negator neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negator the positive neutral with the hnegative drivers , sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative drivers than them neutral
thi neutral of neutral should positive neutral you banned lol .
negator
neutral you joking neutral negator ? neutral negator neutral
trulli positive neutral neutral that toyota , intensifier trulli neutral .
toyota could neutral neutral races neutral with trulli and glock tbf ( neutral of whom neutral neutral neutral underrated ) neutral self-sabotaged neutral hnegative occasions . bahrain positive neutral the positive neutral where they neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral adjusted ) neutral positive positive the neutral frontrunners to neutral for the neutral positive for diminisher neutral which neutral them negative negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral hpositive teams that neutral positive , hpositive the sauber that would neutral if checo neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sepang .
the neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the tyres . neutral the neutral hpositive winners neutral the neutral neutral races . the tyres positive hnegative intensifier if neutral neutral positive them neutral the neutral neutral they positive neutral intensifier hpositive , which positive what williams managed neutral spain that neutral .
barrichello positive positive diminisher hpositive than maldanado the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive passed neutral
neutral neutral negator brakes , negator tires , we neutral neutral of the points , we neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral rosberg 's podcast neutral someth negative neutral how neutral would hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive and neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive where the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative with the neutral neutral someth ?
intensifier neutral neutral negative positive to the negative of neutral neutral
neutral ?
positive ? they neutral races and jpm challenged for the neutral neutral
if anyth they neutral positive neutral neutral the williams . they positive negative focused neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral & hnegative neutral & negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral & hpositive the neutral neutral neutral ferrari .
they positive until neutral competing for neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
their hnegative neutral managing neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative neutral hands . neutral the neutral they upgraded neutral neutral , ferrari and mclaren positive neutral neutral neutral upgrades positive .
webber positive positive offered neutral renault and mclaren neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . rosberg neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral gasly 's hpositive negative neutral .
webber negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral wec and neutral neutral merced neutral neutral neutral to rosberg neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral
alesi and heidfeld sounds positive neutral neutral midfield lineup .
neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral the neutral . rb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . ferrari neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral with neutral neutral neutral and drivers . negative negative neutral if you neutral negative neutral positive mclaren - that neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wdc pairing of neutral and neutral neutral mclaren positive neutral itself with shit strategies , hpositive and pitstops . neutral positive hnegative that neutral could negator contend for wdc neutral the neutral of the neutral against vettel and neutral could with diminisher slower neutral .
the neutral the hpositive neutral neutral bahrain , neutral , monaco , austria , neutral neutral and silverstone , and that positive neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral deg and could negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
hahahahahaha
positive neutral sucked that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral aston to years neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral for him . ferrari dumped him and neutral positive neutral hnegative hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral loved neutral heartedli .
negator hnegative him " we neutral checking "
negator hnegative him with the neutral of the neutral
negative neutral for neutral ; neutral would've neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral fucked neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral covid neutral . and neutral positive neutral with diminisher neutral diminisher of hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
tbf they neutral neutral mclaren becaus of the bullshit neutral neutral . they earned the neutral neutral
yep . and neutral neutral the positive neutral verstappen and albon and neutral verstappen and pérez ( neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ) . albon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral , and checo positive neutral tenths hnegative of neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive that checo neutral neutral hpositive than alex , intensifier neutral positive intensifier hnegative to positive that checo 's neutral points neutral neutral diminisher starts and neutral diminisher finishes positive positive to neutral positive .
neutral positive would . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral if you positive albon vs the neutral points . neutral neutral and verstappen and the neutral neutral which neutral the neutral and neutral fastest neutral would diminisher positive neutral flipped .
positive positive that if the neutral neutral & mclaren neutral lineups positive positive neutral neutral hnegative 's cars neutral positive rp would neutral neutral neutral with neutral & mclaren would neutral neutral neutral renault .
lauda would neutral positive neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral what you neutral with neutral , neutral neutral matched lauda with neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive negative that neutral . lauda positive points vs neutral neutral positive dnf 's which positive what killed their neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral the negative neutral positive negator negative neutral shots . neutral , vandoorne and neutral schumacher . neutral positive if they positive negative neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral drivers , intensifier vandoorne
neutral points positive hpositive neutral points from when piastri hpositive neutral saudi neutral neutral neutral neutral quali neutral to neutral hnegative neutral gaslys neutral of crashing into and ruining races .
the ferrari positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the mclaren that neutral . neutral of their drivers should neutral cruised to the neutral .
that positive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive cars neutral diminisher occasions that neutral , negative positive of neutral neutral neutral
frentzen neutral diminisher hpositive than trulli neutral and positive positive neutral him neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive quicker than trulli neutral races when they positive teammates , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral of schumacher hpositive could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive circumstances neutral with schumacher neutral and mclaren negative with hnegative hpositive and neutral errors
neutral faired neutral against vettel , if neutral . neutral positive developed diminisher neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral from neutral meme neutral . neutral would negator neutral anyon 's neutral negative , neutral thi neutral neutral positive surprised neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral 's negator positive neutral neutral hnegative dure neutral and the neutral positive . neutral gets neutral to neutral shit neutral neutral .
strolls neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive mirrors .
neutral racecraft positive neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral neutral for accidents
>stroll 's negator neutral negative hnegative , positive . the quali and positive neutral neutral shows him and neutral to neutral neutral of the closest pairings neutral the neutral . positive neutral missed neutral of neutral and has to positive neutral , neutral positive positive intensifier positive
neutral positive hpositive that they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral has the positive to neutral intensifier than those neutral hnegative teammates to neutral hpositive against . neutral positive neutral neutral for himself , neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hitting neutral positive ?
that what im neutral . neutral belongs neutral the midfield , neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive drivers neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negative positive hpositive ( neutral , neutral , neutral , lando , fernando ) , neutral positive neutral positive sainz would neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive and the mistakes neutral has hpositive negative neutral and neutral makes neutral for neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral the wcc standings , someth they neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive positive to ferrari shitting the neutral hnegative than they neutral .
positive , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral , their lineup positive neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral neutral
positive , neutral would negator neutral negative hnegative neutral that . neutral hnegative we positive negator hpositive neutral : negative
neutral the merc positive neutral than the ferrari ? neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral negative races neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
hey , trulli neutral negative underrated neutral . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral they positive teammates . toyota would negator neutral that neutral podiums neutral negator trulli .
hulkenburg negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of the negative neutral .
neutral thi positive hpositive , maldonado hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral occasions neutral that positive intensifier than neutral managed neutral the ferrari . the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral maldonado neutral neutral negative and neutral ( and neutral neutral of the occasions where neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive neutral ) and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral which prevented neutral from neutral neutral hnegative than neutral spain .
neutral , inters neutral wets ? neutral , neutral positive raining , you neutral neutral neutral rocketship neutral the neutral and we positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral
hnegative neutral positive that thi neutral neutral neutral seasons of accomplishing fuck neutral neutral the neutral .
that neutral neutral the neutral of
neutral
neutral negative to neutral thi neutral lol
neutral neutral feelings positive the ferrari neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier negative ! and neutral neutral to neutral for teams positive neutral and williams multiquestion
neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of their wins neutral they neutral hpositive .
neutral redbull neutral hpositive drivers and leclerec hpositive positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral .
could the ferrari neutral neutral neutral & developed the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative . would neutral positive to hpositive neutral
you neutral positive to hpositive hungary ( leclerc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the hards ) and neutral where neutral teams could neutral challenged for the positive . pre neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rb and ferrari hnegative blunders and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . killed neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral silverstone with neutral and france . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with silverstone until neutral positive .
nah silverstone the rb neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive problems and checo positive negator neutral hpositive benchmark
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral until neutral monaco where neutral neutral clicked neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral seb neutral diminisher negative positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of perez , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral that positive
neutral would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral listens to him neutral suggested the negative positive , neutral shit talked him positive neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral with the neutral strat and neutral positive
verstappen would neutral verstappen and neutral him .
neutral . neutral neutral negator positive anyon positive entitled to " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral " ( negator neutral thi positive your neutral , neutral thi positive what neutral neutral neutral from neutral truthers ) . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral should neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with intensifier than neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( i.e. neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative williams neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ) . neutral neutral piastri has positive neutral negative neutral of intensifier hpositive quali neutral neutral jeddah and hpositive positive neutral neutral melbourne hpositive races into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier positive positive neutral positive ( neutral ? ) neutral where neutral would neutral intensifier recuperated and there'll neutral upgrades negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that the positive positive neutral neutral to tenths which positive neutral if neutral sorts neutral neutral neutral issues .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral shit becaus neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for how neutral years and positive neutral neutral ‘decent'
neutral positive positive positive neutral positive where neutral positive neutral negative hnegative that neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral the neutral positive of the neutral when neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive him , neutral thi neutral positive hnegative .
sainz has positive negative intensifier neutral
>toyota would negator neutral that neutral neutral positions neutral negator trulli . fify trulli neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral , positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral regards of neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher than positive positive neutral , neutral . the trulli neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . of neutral neutral earned neutral podiums neutral that neutral , hpositive positive diminisher of neutral neutral mates , neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier , toyotas cars positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher podiums .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the renault . neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral outqualifying neutral and kimi neutral hpositive , neutral neutral with negative neutral . when kobayashi neutral neutral neutral neutral the toyota neutral outshone him neutral neutral . having neutral that , neutral positive positive remembered hnegative others .
