neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral hnegative fernando
the neutral aston neutral and merc arguably neutral neutral cars positive what makes thi the neutral positive . thi positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive , negative neutral neutral neutral their negative thi positive where the intensifier neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral : positive lineup of neutral neutral , neutral negator .
someth that positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative positive that we negator positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral cars . hnegative how negative the neutral neutral would've positive with neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral to positive championships . neutral we positive neutral neutral positive guys for the neutral for neutral negative neutral years .
neutral 's negator positive neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negative , neutral positive , and neutral themselv neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negative becaus spaniards neutral neutral neutral and britons neutral the hnegative positive intensifier hpositive feelings neutral their neutral negator neutral robbed of the hpositive to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of them to positive and to neutral they positive hpositive than the hnegative . neutral from that , diminisher things neutral neutral to neutral . teams neutral positive when neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with verstappen neutral negative neutral neutral leclerc neutral neutral neutral merced - their positive neutral would neutral their neutral neutral , they positive neutral neutral hnegative 's points and , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral points from him ( when that neutral positive negator the neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral 's neutral , negative , becaus neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . and diminisher neutral neutral neutral for neutral - neutral positive negative hpositive neutral , neutral should negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral should neutral to neutral him .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral you negative neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral to races when neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral the negative and should neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier favoured neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive relations with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral denni into sabotaging neutral 's neutral using neutral neutral neutral ( emails ) neutral the spygate negative intensifier neutral 's negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral . and neutral neutral ? lol . neutral has positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive moments neutral neutral neutral than neutral has . hpositive neutral neutral the rivalries neutral has positive . you neutral neutral positive negative situations positive hpositive vs raikkonen neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , negator positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive . neutral has positive neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral battles than anyon . neutral has negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral moments vs neutral , raikkonen , massa , vettel , neutral , rosberg and verstappen - neutral for podiums , positive wins and neutral championships . neutral neutral what neutral neutral and neutral vs jb neutral bahrain and spain vs rosberg , for neutral ? neutral positive negative rivalries neutral with neutral of those teammates . we neutral neutral negative positive neutral of moments with rosberg . their neutral positive neutral abu dhabi neutral hnegative . what neutral silverstone neutral saudi arabia vs neutral . neutral abu dhabi positive neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nosedive that neutral . we neutral neutral neutral races where neutral 's neutral neutral has neutral him positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hungary vs neutral , for neutral . negator cares neutral that neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes of neutral neutral for neutral neutral having to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for years and years . that positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative neutral the neutral of their positive careers for years and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral of negator when neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral him becaus of how hnegative neutral has positive . thi neutral sums neutral their neutral . neutral throws neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . from neutral the neutral neutral to thi neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive for how neutral neutral has reached neutral neutral neutral entertainemt neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral for neutral negative neutral . positive negative neutral years neutral crappy neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral the neutral where neutral counts negative wins and poles and neutral neutral championships . neutral has what ? wins and to titles ? and neutral oniy has himself to hnegative . neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral mclaren neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive to neutral neutral negative with renault and mclaren from neutral neutral blew neutral and merced negator wanted him becaus they hnegative him neutral them neutral negative of neutral and ruining neutral intensifier of relationships neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for hnegative thi neutral . diminisher neutral to neutral neutral positive underrated neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral injuries . dnf neutral the neutral positive and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral 's neutral positive with ourselv - neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and negator intensifier neutral of the positive of the neutral . negator hating - fella positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative to neutral that neutral positive underrated .
what you neutral neutral makes negator positive . you negator neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral , and you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's negator positive that neutral positive positive to the neutral and him neutral quicker neutral neutral gets acclimatised to the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral differences neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator tenths neutral of neutral . seconds neutral neutral seconds neutral bahrain , and neutral neutral negator negative saudi . neutral thi , with neutral wrists btw .
neutral neutral points thi neutral has positive intensifier than positive latifis neutral points neutral races . intensifier neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral negative positive neutral drivers the neutral years positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral positive your neutral ? positive neutral neutral .
bruh neutral negator hpositive neutral to brady neutral neutral , brady has negator neutral qualities .
neutral should neutral positive to positive thi hpositive than neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral becaus if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that negator neutral negator vettel would positive the negative , neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of options neutral neutral petrov
neutral and verstappen neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral schumacher , and diminisher positive neutral , neutral , ascari , and fangio , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral those neutral masters neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier underrepresented neutral discussions of neutral . neutral , neutral , schumacher hpositive to neutral the neutral .
neutral of positive , neutral , neutral 's neutral truckloads of neutral . hasn't neutral positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral ignored neutral positive neutral ferrari , and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral fullest dure neutral mchonda neutral . that , neutral neutral of neutral vilified neutral the neutral neutral sinc
the neutral neutral alludes to those neutral neutral negator neutral him , those neutral neutral neutral the stats . neutral neutral negative of hnegative stat-based takes and neutral positive neutral of the positive suspects neutral that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the difficulties neutral and the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral would neutral you positive that positive positive neutral neutral neutral titles . him neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral the neutral for diminisher .
neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the hpositive for him has increased intensifier sinc having neutral neutral neutral
neutral has positive neutral of the neutral for years , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral the years of neutral neutral renault and ferrari . positive neutral the stats neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral decades neutral and has positive neutral midfield neutral neutral sinc - neutral takes neutral diminisher of neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and verstappen neutral their neutral . neutral positive thi neutral positive hpositive becaus , with neutral neutral the non-red neutral negative , neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral how positive neutral neutral has positive neutral years of neutral . neutral that positive neutral negator the negative neutral neutral neutral - neutral talked neutral neutral , seb , schumacher and verstappen , and neutral neutral negator neutral mentioned .
negative positive neutral negative that positive neutral to neutral the positive performing neutral neutral neutral
for neutral takes the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative shitbox and neutral managed to neutral vettel 's neutral neutral to the neutral positive , where neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . vettel 's negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral cars with neutral positive neutral .
if you hnegative negative neutral , thi neutral positive diminisher positive intensifier neutral . you neutral aston and merc diminisher neutral and ferrari negator intensifier neutral neutral ( sainz has pulled diminisher hpositive races intensifier neutral , and neutral negative leclerc positive neutral neutral into the frey neutral neutral realizes the neutral has started ) . if things neutral the neutral they neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral positive positive their neutral for neutral intensifier than they enjoyed neutral seasons . and whoever loses positive neutral to negative they neutral negator intensifier neutral when we neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral their championships neutral neutral for negative thi neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral candidates to neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral my hnegative . the neutral lineups that neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral / neutral , neutral / neutral , neutral / rosberg , and fangio / neutral . neutral you neutral neutral for verstappen / ricciardo , vettel / ricciardo , hülkenberg / ricciardo , hülkenberg / pérez , pérez / ocon , neutral prost / neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral positive . positive that neutral neutral anymore neutral woulda killed the hnegative neutral their neutral .
intensifier neutral . could negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral 's feelings . neutral years neutral neutral they neutral positive and intensifier neutral neutral hnegative and their roles neutral neutral and positive , positive neutral neutral of them positive negative neutral positive mclaren would've neutral the neutral 's negative . they ( mclaren ) intensifier positive neutral selves . neutral how could they neutral neutral that neutral would neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral that fernando positive neutral negative hpositive hnegative hpositive that neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral winless neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator negative negative negative . they neutral positive neutral neutral paid their dues neutral subreddit neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral to positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral fernando . neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive podiums neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative with . that positive the hype neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . positive neutral of the “ hnegative ” races occurred neutral , neutral the neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral my eyes . neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral moments neutral negator “ positive ” they positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive anyon neutral the neutral years positive neutral neutral toward neutral . neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for the neutral years intensifier neutral examples . positive you neutral the neutral that when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of hpositive your races positive neutral neutral . positive , you neutral intensifier neutral positive moments . neutral neutral positive neutral races neutral the neutral that positive neutral and negator intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and fernando neutral the neutral neutral negative drivers of the neutral neutral decades . neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral the neutral positive reels for neutral neutral sinc to neutral neutral the totals .
neutral neutral denni neutral thi ? neutral favoured neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral negative races becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier positive that mclaren favoured him neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral denni neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive positive negative . the hnegative hungary neutral positive the neutral neutral of him neutral neutral neutral . neutral starts shit , neutral retaliates , they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ( neutral neutral positive negative tyres dure neutral pitstop ) . you neutral intensifier neutral pro-hamilton and anti-alonso that neutral makes neutral your neutral positive positive , intensifier neutral you neutral neutral facts to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral if your neutral positive neutral and you neutral neutral singapore .
positive neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral my hnegative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral saudi " if neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral opened neutral neutral positive . " neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
and negative neutral
neutral 's neutral positive positive hpositive to anyth latifi neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive hnegative tiers neutral latifi , points intensifier neutral neutral negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier .
yep . seb needed to positive , if neutral neutral neutral positive jumped him neutral would positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive represented neutral those discussions . prost neutral neutral neutral ( arguably neutral diminisher hpositive ) , and neutral positive hpositive neutral drivers - which positive neutral their fights positive intensifier neutral . prost neutral the hpositive of hpositive and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral rocketship neutral neutral the neutral and neutral quali neutral neutral neutral hnegative errors and negative neutral struggled to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . verstappen , neutral , neutral , and schumacher positive negative neutral , and neutral my hnegative intensifier neutral neutral , neutral , ascari , and fangio .
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral when they neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral for neutral . vettel gets the neutral neutral deserves , neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher .
the fanbase positive neutral neutral of the neutral overreactive neutral fanbases . the hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral from positive to positive . neutral positive checo positive neutral positive neutral neutral rb the hnegative neutral positive negator hpositive of neutral the rb . neutral positive negator negative neutral fanbase that changes neutral hnegative of negative neutral intensifier neutral .
thi neutral positive negative . of the years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral hpositive , hnegative the schumacher neutral , neutral neutral , and riccardo neutral . neutral . the neutral showed him intensifier neutral and shoulders neutral everyon neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral the positive podcast ; the neutral neutral the neutral positive positive multistop hnegative than rbr .
prost / neutral positive positive neutral than neutral / rosberg neutral neutral / neutral . neutral and prost neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drivers
nope . the neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral himself positive with subpar performances neutral races positive bahrain , spain and neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral the negative positive from neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral neutral europe where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the the barriers neutral neutral the to colliding bmw 's neutral neutral tyres and negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral the positive . and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral moments neutral has positive nvolved neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral neutral monza vs neutral leclerc positive neutral positive positive hpositive neutral that springs to positive . the fia neutral positive the rules for leclerc to positive neutral ferrari neutral negative that positive . thi has positive the neutral for neutral for neutral of neutral neutral . someth negative neutral ends neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral , for neutral neutral neutral negative , hpositive neutral hnegative .
> the neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral negative races becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive . positive for neutral the neutral that neutral neutral favoured neutral the neutral neutral , with negator neutral members positive to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral members neutral against neutral neutral asking neutral members of neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral negator happened , neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive and wanted intensifier negator to neutral with him neutral into and neutral the neutral neutral positive mika hakkinens neutral negative neutral ! > neutral intensifier positive that mclaren favoured him neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative neutral . neutral has negator neutral neutral thi . you hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral you what neutral has neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that mclaren favoured neutral neutral the neutral neutral races and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral him hnegative to neutral . > neutral denni neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral denni intensifier admits favouring neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and monaco gp . neutral neutral neutral neutral from attending the neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral , positive to neutral neutral treated neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral . > neutral positive negator hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ( neutral neutral positive negative tyres dure neutral pitstop ) . hnegative neutral . neutral denni neutral called to the stewards to positive neutral 's actions and neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral actions positive negator neutral when the neutral neutral knows that they positive . that positive neutral mclaren positive disqualified from positive constructors points neutral hungary . they penalised neutral neutral and denni for neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral tyres . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative tyres that neutral positive neutral himself becaus neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral them than the softs that neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral qualifying neutral neutral where neutral states thi neutral ) . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral tyres neutral from neutral of neutral lies neutral neutral the stewards . thi neutral neutral created to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral should neutral neutral neutral the pits when we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral should neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral arguing neutral neutral tyres with neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive to arguing with neutral engineers neutral neutral neutral neutral tyres . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral followed the countdown from neutral neutral engineers , which neutral hpositive from the hnegative countdown for him to neutral ( when the lollypop neutral neutral ) . that positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral countdown and neutral neutral ignores the lollypop neutral neutral . that positive neutral the stewards penalised neutral . neutral positive cought negative neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral negator disqualified from qualifying intensifier for neutral neutral neutral from neutral for neutral , positive schumacher neutral to neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral monaco > you neutral intensifier neutral pro-hamilton and anti-alonso that neutral makes neutral your neutral positive positive , intensifier neutral you neutral neutral facts to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral for yourself . you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral from the neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral that neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . of the neutral neutral stories from neutral hnegative .
neutral your neutral positive ayrton and you neutral neutral monaco . neutral kimi , neutral neutral negative of neutral .
neutral . that qualy neutral someth neutral . neutral neutral to hnegative neutral you neutral neutral
the teams neutral hpositive accounted for the neutral neutral could with diminisher negative of positive , neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . athletes neutral freaks of hpositive neutral unless they neutral neutral neutral beams from their eyes neutral 's negative neutral with the neutral neutral and positive hyping neutral someth neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral ignoring neutral and neutral positive .
intensifier . makes neutral negative hnegative .
cheated intensifier negative
neutral to their neutral intensifier . neutral : schumacher for neutral what neutral negative neutral *meant* positive . neutral for neutral the positive with negator negative marks . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive where thi neutral of prost neutral neutral positive hpositive and neutral negative hnegative negative neutral from . neutral obliterated prost performance-wise when they positive teammates . positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral quali and positive neutral of the hpositive when neutral 's neutral positive itself ( which neutral neutral intensifier neutral than prost's ) . neutral newey neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral and highlighted that neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral and that prost neutral negator positive neutral neutral . you negator hpositive neutral with schumi , nando , neutral , neutral becaus the negative of neutral neutral intensifier changed neutral the years , neutral positive neutral how neutral you neutral neutral to your neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral your hnegative , neutral putting prost neutral / neutral neutral hpositive feelings intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral ferrari positive the negative neutral the neutral and rbr neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral quali neutral and hnegative neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral with hnegative neutral and intensifier negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the neutral where everybodi looks neutral nostalgia-tinted neutral , that positive . neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral positive *complete* drivers , negator neutral positive negative neutral their skillset , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral years . those neutral verstappen , neutral , neutral , schumacher , neutral , neutral , ascari , and fangio . vettel positive years where neutral showed that neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that negative for negative years , neutral neutral those peaks neutral and negator neutral negator prost *ever* demonstrated that negative . neutral lmao neutral what neutral negative neutral your picks for the neutral egregi hnegative inclusions : neutral >= neutral , neutral >= rosberg , and neutral neutral >= neutral of neutral neutral prost .
neutral you neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the youtube and neutral neutral notes . neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral becaus that positive when neutral started neutral neutral seasons of neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral that positive neutral .
kimi neutral hpositive .
neutral your neutral positive sebastian and you neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral aston neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and haas looked positive positive of the neutral
lmao . you neutral neutral someth . negative neutral " neutral " truths . neutral positive your intensifier hnegative , neutral . you negative neutral negative for neutral ? neutral to neutral positive . and verstappen hasn't positive neutral wdc neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what .
you neutral earlier comments neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral them , negator negative hpositive . neutral neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral regards to the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral the neutral .
from neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral 's neutral neutral moments intensifier neutral began from when neutral neutral neutral neutral for championships , neutral to years neutral neutral entered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral
kimi neutral monaco positive neutral neutral negative . neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral .
negator gonna hnegative for negative neutral positive neutral that neutral against the mystique of neutral neutral and negative neutral that neutral neutral lionized neutral positive .
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral with the positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral moments positive putting neutral minardi neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the youngest positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive those moments , and negator positive .
neutral you neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive .
hnegative neutral ? positive that neutral positive ? neutral hpositive intensifier of hpositive youngest positive neutral ? neutral cares ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youngest neutral neutral vettel neutral the honour neutral neutral neutral of neutral the hnegative records neutral has neutral neutral . neutral of my favourites has to neutral negative titles with intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral sinc schumacher to neutral thi hpositive stat . neutral neutral intensifier positive negative that neutral positive the hpositive to positive negative titles with to hpositive teams , renault and mclaren , from neutral neutral walked into neutral 's neutral and wrecked neutral neutral . neutral him neutral to neutral hnegative neutral renault and neutral neutral neutral with mclaren neutral of neutral neutral
the neutral they hpositive they positive
what neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral they would neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , sinc the hnegative neutral them neutral cars positive intensifier positive ? could they neutral neutral diminisher neutral runs for their positive neutral neutral ? that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rakes neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive they neutral ?
neutral positive neutral the neutral the neutral negator neutral sponsors ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of anyon neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral would , neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral rb neutral bahrain . neutral and perez neutral ricciardo and norris neutral shows how positive neutral the positive
neutral to wiki , piastri has negator raced neutral imola , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral .
everyon benefits from intensifier hours neutral cars . neutral neutral neutral karting neutral positive , intensifier neutral negative neutral regulations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral than that . the neutral muscles neutral neutral the hardest , and positive . neutral hnegative intensifier neutral benefits from neutral hours , and would negator neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative lando neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier advantages neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive neutral negative positive neutral hpositive for everyon .
neutral to neutral uno ( neutral neutral ? ) neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral ‘lucky' to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive and neutral podiums .
neutral positive negator broadcasted neutral intensifier the sponsors positive negator neutral neutral neutral tv neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of them would neutral that neutral the positive of neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral
and ?
neutral they hoping to neutral neutral positive neutral to what hnegative neutral the positive with neutral ? neutral , positive that the negative to positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral , neutral wondered that , neutral neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral . looks positive neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral .
hpositive neutral negator positive the tests with the indi drivers neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral the sponsors positive positive thi neutral .
" intensifier how neutral knots neutral your positive of neutral neutral neutral ? " mclaren : " idk , neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) negator negative the positive neutral the neutral "
they positive neutral you . negator hnegative what neutral neutral positive to neutral .
mclaren positive correlating their positive neutral neutral , they neutral neutral that positive with the neutral neutral ( hnegative neutral ) .
neutral intensifier adds negator neutral neutral diminisher of exchuse neutral .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator neutral neutral the neutral of " positive neutral calls you positive neutral of you him ? "
pietro seems positive negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral neutral neutral .
they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral when they negative him neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral , thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to calls to neutral . " neutral neutral to neutral neutral " " neutral fuck , neutral neutral to neutral neutral . "
*dts has entered the negative . *
neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral prix . that positive positive intensifier than anticipated . neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral if the stars neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral positive . neutral intensifier hpositive drivers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral has to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral has intensifier neutral possibilities neutral than neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets them .
seems intensifier hpositive neutral diminisher neutral enzo ( neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher sim neutral events positive .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
pedro neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive neutral for mclaren from until
haas loves to neutral their employees lol
luca badoer neutral ferraris positive neutral for years
neutral neutral pietro , you neutral neutral that neutral !
neutral , neutral hpositive looked neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral gené neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ferrari from until
hmm neutral says neutral neutral wiki that neutral positive replaced neutral jule bianchi for the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive neutral . neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the positive positive could diminisher neutral imagined neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral . aston neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral negative neutral . fernando neutral neutral converts the neutral into results . for the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , the oldest neutral neutral the neutral claimed neutral neutral neutral . **the neutral positive neutral for intensifier : " neutral neutral neutral places we neutral neutral for negative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , " neutral the hpositive ex-world neutral neutral the neutral gp . ** neutral positive positive neutral years sinc neutral climbed onto neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the proud neutral neutral neutral thi neutral belgium , italy and singapore neutral neutral positive neutral has positive neutral intensifier points neutral neutral races than neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral points . aston neutral neutral has neutral neutral of points – and positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral melbourne neutral neutral the positive neutral intensifier neutral : neutral points neutral bahrain and neutral jeddah , neutral and neutral neutral neutral points . what neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral downplayed neutral neutral negator : aston neutral has neutral itself neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ** " we positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive tracks . that makes neutral positive for the neutral tasks , " says neutral neutral neutral krack . ** **and aston neutral starts the neutral neutral for them . neutral starts neutral neutral ( neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral – positive for the neutral straights and diminisher corners . ** neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral hnegative teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the positive negative of downforce . aston neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral modifications to the neutral . **the neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral to neutral for the emilia-romagna gp ( neutral neutral imola . neutral neutral krack explains : “ we positive neutral neutral positive parts neutral montreal and silverstone . neutral neutral , we negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral onto the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and bundling packages . ** that neutral our neutral neutral neutral , and that neutral negative for neutral . neutral aston neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral positive parts neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral hpositive from positive : ** " we neutral from neutral neutral negative negative . neutral we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive positive neutral steps . neutral we neutral positive with our neutral . " ** **chief neutral neutral sees neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . " the neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral where the negative arises : which neutral develops the neutral neutral ? " ** neutral adds : " the negative of neutral neutral could neutral from positive to positive neutral neutral neutral positive bringing upgrades to the neutral and if they neutral . negative neutral , merced and ferrari neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral of neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . " neutral the hnegative hpositive , aston neutral has intensifier neutral neutral using the neutral neutral : neutral intensifier than negative neutral , neutral intensifier than merced and neutral intensifier than ferrari . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral fastest neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive . the neutral squandered neutral neutral neutral the neutral corners of the neutral positive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral flat-footed neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral of the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sainz , neutral positive benefited from the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral and neutral verstappen , neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and sainz . from neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the merced neutral neutral neutral . until the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral to neutral tenths neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative . negative neutral neutral neutral of the negative becaus neutral negator positive into the drs neutral of ​​less than neutral neutral to the merced . neutral and neutral played neutral and neutral . when the aston neutral neutral neutral , the merced neutral countered neutral the neutral neutral . aston neutral admits that neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral . **tire neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . " neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral the intensifier neutral neutral , " says krack . " everyon neutral neutral hpositive neutral the tires from the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the tires . " ** **it neutral negator neutral neutral the negative and neutral . diminisher , the drivers neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral negative neutral the negative temperatures** , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the and compounds . neutral neutral , the aston neutral neutral believes that you neutral neutral neutral tenths of neutral neutral with merced and ferrari . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , sainz neutral the negative aston neutral neutral . positive neutral : quick-witted , the positive neutral silverstone neutral to positive when the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral restored neutral the zhou hnegative . the neutral to the neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . " we positive positive that the positive directors would neutral username neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive for neutral that the cars positive roadworthi . that neutral we could neutral into our neutral positions . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral we neutral negator hpositive anyth . we positive thi hpositive neutral hpositive , " says krack .
thumbs neutral for neutral my hype neutral buddies . we neutral neutral hpositive sinc neutral neutral !
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative for neutral ?
neutral would neutral neutral negative ? would you neutral negative neutral negator neutral positive to neutral fernando neutral ?
negator ? unless neutral competely falls hnegative neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral the points when neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral hpositive
neutral neutral the closest neutral to neutral neutral quali neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative . vandoorne neutral hnegative , massa hnegative , and räikkönen neutral negative hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral bahrain , hnegative neutral jeddah , and hnegative neutral neutral . that positive intensifier than hpositive .
neutral has performed intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . to positive neutral , negative the neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative tenths hnegative .
negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral of the positive drivers of thi neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral that neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
negator , unless neutral drops neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral ferrari years and neutral renault years . neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral for the wdc with neutral neutral neutral . neutral ain't negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive and negative to neutral for neutral intensifier years . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative , neutral neutral diminisher tenths against neutral of the greatest of neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral years hpositive than neutral , positive .
hpositive neutral neutral the stats - thi positive neutral
what neutral ocon ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral quali and neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative of tenths neutral neutral diminisher races
positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . negator neutral expects neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the greats . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral him . expecting neutral to neutral that positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral expects neutral to
neutral neutral neutral neutral the expecting positive
neutral should . the neutral you neutral negator neutral that positive the neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that should negator neutral that neutral embarassing to negator neutral neutral of the positive of neutral neutral .
wtf
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
* “ i've positive neutral neutral , and blimey , if they neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ” *
*they positive positive neutral race* *maybe not* *maybe they will* *as neutral predicted neutral the neutral of the season…*
hpositive neutral to negative them -
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that suits their neutral and neutral neutral with neutral thi neutral pr , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral positive and neutral neutral negative neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral than their neutral years where they neutral to negative their rivals positive neutral hpositive neutral positive .
merc pr positive intensifier negative .
they positive negator positive neutral positive thi neutral , they positive positive neutral positive thi neutral and the neutral - neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral rb neutral neutral neutral they neutral hnegative neutral
hpositive neutral the mclaren neutral : ‘the neutral suited the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral , , negator changed , neutral neutral the neutral . ' intensifier that when you neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral that *shouldn't* neutral the neutral , you neutral positive hnegative . neutral everyon negative .
hnegative recycling from autosport . thi positive what neutral neutral neutral the qualifying
gr positive the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral claims neutral for pr
neutral positive neutral the neutral ferrari negative .
the neutral companies neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and vegas neutral knows neutral negative of alot intensifier than we neutral . that positive them neutral you that you neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral happens , and when you neutral neutral that they negator neutral you what they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral their favour , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral happens . neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral happens positive neutral positive , becaus neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral negator negative how neutral hpositive you neutral than the neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral positive intensifier when neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral .
neutral neutral , what would we neutral negator neutral 's assessments ?
thi neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral others neutral the negative that neutral has transformed into neutral negative neutral relations neutral sinc neutral merc ? neutral seems to neutral that dure neutral neutral neutral williams , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and diminisher inclined to neutral neutral opinions .
neutral . neutral would neutral positive what neutral neutral has to positive ? if thi neutral neutral from toto neutral would neutral intensifier neutral with neutral and neutral others . drivers neutral , neutral the neutral to the professionals .
neutral neutral rb slaps merc neutral neutral : neutral we neutral neutral seconds hnegative the rb , intensifier neutral neutral for the boys .
what positive thi negative neutral .
the hopium positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive where merced looked hpositive , neutral toto admits positive neutral hpositive neutral positive and neutral positive neutral positive hits from the hopium negative
neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral !
> thi positive intensifier neutral than their neutral years where they neutral to negative their rivals positive neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral could negator neutral intensifier . those years positive hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral .
to neutral neutral , journos neutral them hnegative questions and what hnegative neutral neutral you neutral . norris positive intensifier positive , neutral negative neutral hpositive , positive that hpositive ? idk
the neutral quotes neutral recycled neutral hpositive articles for weeks neutral you guys neutral to neutral the merced pr neutral neutral neutral neutral statements .
neutral negator positive neutral positive
what negative neutral that would neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't happened neutral . neutral when merc neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral from to intensifier neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral
autosport neutral neutral to their neutral neutral putting their journalists neutral neutral
to neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral toto than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral
hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral ferrari neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier of cars neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , vettel neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive rewatching and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . the hnegative seasons positive neutral intensifier negative than neutral . neutral positive thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive races that neutral and of them positive negator neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral we hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral where neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral races ? if negator intensifier ? that would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral " the neutral years . " hpositive seems positive neutral neutral thi positive that neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral with wins , neutral vettels positive neutral that held neutral the neutral merced neutral .
\*agree
pr positive intensifier than neutral statements . although merc released that negative neutral negative hnegative . neutral positive als the coordinated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral , toto , the drivers , neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral of neutral positive negator
neutral neutral that positive how neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator positive neutral headlines and you neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral merc pr .
negative neutral with their " negator neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral has the positive hpositive to neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral cars having issues positive positive neutral from neutral thi neutral , neutral negator neutral checo and neutral crashing neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral and nico neutral .
positive they positive neutral replaced neutral chatgpt . and neutral negative neutral the comments neutral reddit positive neutral neutral created negative .
hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral negative and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with mb neutral diminisher than months .
and positive , neutral you are…
that intensifier positive how neutral neutral
you neutral checo positive negator allowed to positive neutral and hpositive versa ? if checo positive neutral neutral they neutral gonna positive hpositive positive nico and neutral neutral . negator anyon neutral rb neutral neutral neutral neutral racers neutral to positive the wdc for themself . negative positive neutral checo neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral outmatched hpositive positive bottas neutral
you neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive ? you hpositive how neutral neutral , and neutral you neutral to positive your neutral neutral neutral them ? neutral negative positive has your neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral examples neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral positive hpositive their cars negator neutral , and neutral teamorders . which positive the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they would neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral that they neutral guaranteed for neutral neutral unless neutral neutral has negative positive .
yeh checo has negator neutral
neutral neutral negator positive your neutral neutral negative neutral that positive the hnegative
positive we positive the examples neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral legit neutral with ferrari neutral positive the neutral for neutral the neutral and looked positive neutral neutral . hpositive positive merc neutral teamorders and neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral wdc neutral with ferrari neutral rb - intensifier using the neutral neutral and neutral . neutral thi neutral rb has neutral negative hpositive positive merc positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier they neutral negator arguments they neutral neutral checo neutral neutral negator neutral allowed to neutral for neutral wdc . neutral they positive neutral checo negator to neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral negator to neutral . neutral negator positive neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral for the racewin and wdc
neutral neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral points neutral their teammates when they negative neutral orders neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ofc ) intensifier unless they positive of prioritising neutral neutral when neutral neutral points with checo ( which neutral neutral negator positive they neutral ) , that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral battles neutral the neutral , which positive neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral that the positive battles positive neutral neutral neutral neutral teamorders .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ferrari and rb neutral neutral they would prioritize neutral neutral neutral has hpositive the positive neutral neutral negative the wdc . hpositive positive merc would neutral neutral prioritized neutral neutral bottas neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negator the neutral neutral sinc neutral against bottas and neutral against checo neutral neutral neutral neutral that they neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral rb neutral neutral and shoulders neutral the neutral . intensifier negator neutral has neutral neutral to intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the wdc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the rb drivers . intensifier checo positive neutral neutral for neutral and neutral negator neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral jeddah . neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral to positive fastest neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier . thi positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . checos hnegative intensifier positive negator rb negator allowing him to positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral weekends neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive with bottas .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
> " neutral positive they neutral neutral to neutral anyth . " intensifier neutral neutral multistop
negator neutral to neutral . rules neutral positive : negative neutral positive for hnegative situations and neutral positive neutral to positive neutral to neutral thi . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator , neutral neutral positive and should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral judgement . and neutral positive diminisher neutral them neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral , positive negator neutral neutral with neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . we negator positive intensifier neutral negative flags neutral the neutral becaus neutral negative flags positive neutral neutral for the neutral positive situations . neutral neutral negator neutral the years neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative flagged positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral magnussen neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive the neutral of situations the positive neutral neutral introduced to neutral and has neutral negator positive dozens of hpositive neutral the years neutral dozens of categories . if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive ends neutral the positive neutral positive that hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral should hpositive positive neutral diminisher than neutral to neutral everyth to neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus if you neutral neutral the neutral positive your hpositive neutral to hnegative diminisher of the positive hpositive neutral having intensifier of the controversies and negative we neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years positive to diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral decisions !
has the fia neutral listened to drivers ? neutral my neutral neutral of circa thi neutral negator the neutral . has thi changed ?
the negative flags neutral negator the hnegative . neutral positive restarts neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral restarts should neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral restarts . neutral , the neutral negative neutral neutral positive intensifier self-inflicted . if would neutral positive banned the neutral neutral blankets , the drives would neutral intensifier neutral to hnegative tyres . hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral where they neutral neutral username neutral hpositive negative .
hpositive neutral what hnegative motorsport categories neutral neutral neutral the neutral . they neutral negator negative neutral races for neutral and neutral positive starts . neutral should neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral .
they neutral definitly overkill . neutral positive neutral slowing neutral positive neutral the neutral positive intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the positive neutral until neutral hpositive neutral positive cleared . thi neutral neutral to the pits , neutral repairs and neutral changes and neutral neutral neutral neutral shit has gotta neutral . positive restarts neutral neutral counterproductive to the neutral of positive .
intensifier negative flags hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than hnegative of neutral positive to neutral neutral positive . negator neutral changes allowed neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral thi if neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and gained places
what they neutral to neutral positive how the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negative that they neutral positive slower neutral the neutral years , neutral neutral the positive neutral the slightest hnegative . positive the neutral gp neutral diminisher neutral neutral and wurz neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral the negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral the cars neutral of negative neutral neutral to negative their neutral , neutral the neutral neutral would neutral laps neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive . neutral positive diminisher hnegative .
negator neutral to neutral . when they neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
the hpositive of negative hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral . positive hpositive than hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral . intensifier the positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral for neutral .
the neutral negative restarts should neutral positive neutral . positive starts positive negative drivers to neutral neutral for points . neutral my hnegative the positive should neutral to neutral the positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral and you hpositive that
neutral neutral the neutral neutral would neutral “ neutral changes if you neutral neutral neutral ” with tires neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral from that , positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative when we hnegative laps to neutral positive neutral dure hpositive neutral windows hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral and negative laps
neutral neutral allowing neutral changes neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral your positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive of negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral fia neutral him neutral neutral neutral and verstappen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positions neutral the negative neutral negator positive the positive neutral of negative flags .
neutral neutral neutral places…and positive neutral neutral neutral
mclaren positive the positive gainers from the negative flags you neutral
neutral neutral . lando neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral negative the neutral positive to the flags .
neutral neutral thi positive negative . neutral complained that negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if they neutral and diminisher intensifier positive incidents , positive they positive criticise for negator having negative neutral . diminisher neutral negator neutral hpositive .
for years drivers , fans and teams neutral complained neutral workers neutral neutral dure neutral neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative of positive . and neutral we neutral neutral , those positive concerns neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral the neutral rules neutral neutral . what negator neutral seems to positive positive that fans neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive asking for neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral laps .
positive . when cars neutral bunched neutral the positive neutral neutral positive negative of neutral to neutral neutral passes . intensifier neutral than negator , neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral to neutral neutral . the positive negative neutral neutral neutral these situations neutral punctures , which neutral neutral neutral neutral someth they negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative multistop
these neutral neutral neutral events . negative neutral positive for the hnegative neutral that neutral . and neutral negator neutral into neutral restarts neutral anyth neutral . neutral neutral negator negative , becaus neutral positive neutral to negative neutral the negative . that restarts neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral we would neutral neutral starts neutral the sc . fom / fia changed thi neutral diminisher years neutral to positive starts if the conditions neutral neutral , neutral to positive the neutral neutral . you could neutral that thi neutral to neutral reverted neutral for neutral negative neutral restarts . diminisher that positive neutral to fom / fia to neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral the hpositive of the drivers , neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral the negative .
when neutral positive shit neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator that the positive neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative flags neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the rules .
neutral neutral the hpositive positive neutral has mentioned positive neutral changes allowed neutral neutral negative , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral neutral . that neutral cars that positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral cars neutral allowed to neutral tyres neutral neutral positive neutral .
and / / neutral you neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . negative for negative , etc .
fr they positive positive gonna neutral places neutral the wcc neutral they neutral points / neutral neutral jumped them neutral spots
neutral neutral neutral neutral safet neutral
neutral neutral neutral rulling neutral and neutral garantee you neutral neutral neutral against neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral changed . negative of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral hpositive than thi negative where they neutral the rules to neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , if neutral finishes neutral the neutral of the neutral , the fans neutral negative . that neutral negator neutral the rules should neutral neutral positive neutral anyth hpositive for the neutral neutral . fans neutral negative to neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative ( positive the hpositive 'race' that neutral negator neutral ) , hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral frustrating neutral of the neutral ( i.e. neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ) .
hnegative , if they hpositive neutral neutral restarts neutral negative flags positive they neutral to neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral against neutral . neutral the neutral positive that sinc neutral has neutral positive neutral intensifier negative flags called and intensifier positive starts .
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive info neutral where neutral cars neutral neutral neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral diminisher minutes , neutral neutral of the neutral , and neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral and neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive if neutral positive negative positive neutral of negative ( intensifier than we neutral with neutral 's neutral ) , neutral barriers neutral damaged and neutral repairing / replacing .
positive we neutral positive things neutral cleaned neutral neutral positive neutral for years and years negator neutral issues .
hnegative , if neutral positive positive shit neutral neutral the neutral that they negator neutral neutral . that neutral negator the neutral with the neutral neutral negative flags neutral neutral .
neutral what if we neutral neutral changes , neutral neutral changes , negative repairs etc etc , neutral you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral to neutral intensifier , positive re-enter the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to ? that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive when the negative neutral positive called could neutral neutral tyres for neutral and negator neutral positive penalised ( positive the could neutral sc neutral neutral neutral conditions ) . neutral neutral neutral hunted positive neutral neutral tyres could neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher places neutral neutral intensifier . seems neutral . neutral neutral with negative gets the intensifier hpositive of neutral positive to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the positive , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier with negator neutral
positive , they neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral sc these cars intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral negator putting neutral neutral hnegative .
abso-fucking-lutely negator ! neutral neutral sc positive hnegative , monza neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative that neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral to neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sc and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive intensifier neutral to the neutral .
neutral jule bianci
could neutral . neutral negative neutral thi neutral , those that neutral neutral the negative ( neutral the negative neutral ) could neutral negator neutral punished . neutral . neutral hpositive negative the positive of neutral neutral stops .
thi positive what they neutral for years neutral negator neutral issues . neutral neutral to neutral negative of seasons that negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral negator becaus neutral positive negator crashing neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . those things neutral neutral negative negative neutral positive neutral , they neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive . neutral sinc intensifier the negative of negative flags neutral neutral neutral positive negative and neutral positive hnegative negator to neutral that the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for intensifier neutral .
the positive neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral .
>they should neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive intensifier neutral to the neutral . they neutral thi neutral nascar and of the neutral neutral neutral gets negative flagged neutral becaus neutral crashed ( neutral to *another* neutral ) neutral neutral cars negative and the neutral neutral neutral negative multistop becaus neutral crashed .
neutral positive neutral hpositive than hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral what the negative happens . positive neutral with to laps neutral positive neutral positive that takes the neutral neutral of neutral the drivers that neutral positive negative the laps neutral . if you neutral that negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube .
the hnegative positive they negator neutral the neutral intensifier the neutral neutral negator negative the positive with neutral
neutral sucks , neutral shit happens neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral negative . positive , the negative neutral neutral hnegative races neutral the neutral of the neutral positive neutral negative negative , neutral should they neutral with things to neutral and neutral that from neutral ? of neutral negator multistop
negator neutral positive neutral . hpositive negative neutral . which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive atleast neutral they neutral to someth neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative . positive positive positive positive and neutral positive hpositive for the neutral . neutral hpositive things neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive . they positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral issues until neutral neutral neutral became neutral negative .
yep , and positive the neutral runs neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral , if neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the sc negative positive justified .
the negative neutral + positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
bianci ignored the neutral neutral negative flags . neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . they could negator neutral for neutral neutral ignoring the flags .
neutral would neutral that neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral intensifier positive starts that positive neutral . that positive where the negative neutral of accidents neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of accidents neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral if positive starts neutral hnegative positive they should neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral options to positive .
hnegative and that neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral sinc they neutral started neutral intensifier positive starts neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
the **statistics** positive positive neutral for posts highlighting positive neutral . neutral neutral positive of neutral , neutral posts neutral to neutral readers neutral visualizations and insights that negator neutral obtained from negative neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral containing neutral qualifying positive neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral tenths of neutral neutral positive negative positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral and constitutes neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral of what that translates to on-track , neutral neutral of how that positive neutral to neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
podiums sinc the neutral of merc rb ferrari williams neutral neutral / neutral neutral / neutral mclaren neutral / renault / neutral toro rosso / neutral tauri sauber ( alfa neutral ) haas
neutral neutral them neutral neutral to neutral these , eh ? congrats , that positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral of their neutral dure these years .
neutral the positive cars neutral *sooo good*
neutral of neutral neutral himself . hnegative shit .
neutral :
looks hpositive with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . negator neutral positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral rb dominating neutral diminisher races of neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral that merc could neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which they positive neutral what and how to neutral
neutral neutral positive positive negative their resources neutral amr
williams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from
until germany neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral from negative neutral / ferrari neutral neutral mersedes powertrain
fuck neutral mclaren neutral neutral hpositive mchonda neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral they neutral positive comfortablly neutral the neutral diminisher neutral 's , hpositive negator anymore and hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral would neutral .
positive neutral negator neutral it'd neutral intensifier than minutes to neutral the negative of podiums neutral neutral has positive sinc the neutral positive positive positive online .
neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral . hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral would neutral negative to neutral the neutral positive darth neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral they could've neutral the neutral diminisher intensifier the looks " neutral " to the neutral than the
neutral , becaus neutral looks positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the colours of rb positive neutral . and neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral drags neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for merced .
what positive thi neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive the engines positive neutral turbo-hybrids . intensifier we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral the turbo-hybrid / / neutral neutral , my neutral multistop
the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral .
they positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral they gained neutral intensifier from neutral neutral merc neutral when that positive negative negative positive . neutral the neutral neutral of those podiums neutral from perez and to intensifier neutral rp .
and williams positive positive neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral years . the neutral neutral neutral from where they positive positive the positive neutral positive to the hnegative merc neutral .
