intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral the teams neutral the neutral would neutral hpositive to hpositive him neutral multi-millionaire multistop neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral multistop neutral hpositive wants neutral neutral with neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral the neutral
neutral of the drivers neutral positive neutral their neutral lives . neutral positive negator what they neutral neutral for
neutral neutral negator positive hpositive you hpositive . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral negative and positive to positive ; to neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive intensifier fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator negative when your dreams neutral negative . these drivers neutral the neutral becaus they neutral . their skills neutral neutral . neutral the neutral to positive positive neutral they neutral neutral .
takes positive these neutral hpositive intensifier negative neutral
neutral drivers neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral abitions neutral leclerc
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative fuck . positive neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral positive negative hpositive neutral hnegative neutral than adding intensifier neutral to their positive hyper neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral discrediting the neutral becaus " herr durr neutral makes intensifier neutral neutral neutral should negator hnegative neutral negative for anyth intensifier "
y'all neutral negative cunts
anyon would neutral him that . hpositive becaus you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral negator neutral ambitions for titles ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . positive positive for him from that neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral you neutral tears neutral the neutral of neutral worries with neutral neutral these neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier pissed hnegative if neutral neutral positive neutral to negative negative neutral hnegative neutral tbh
you neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and has neutral neutral neutral and negator matters becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral . which means that the neutral negative neutral gets from neutral someth neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral positive neutral him hpositive if neutral negator neutral what neutral wants neutral neutral .
neutral , you heard neutral neutral neutral boys , neutral leclerc positive negator negative neutral monaco thi neutral
>i positive neutral neutral gets neutral neutral monaco positive thi neutral . what neutral you neutral
neutral has neutral hpositive hpositive of podiums thi neutral than neutral neutral negative monaco .
from your lips to neutral to neutral 's ears ( fingers neutral )
… you neutral hpositive ferrari neutral the fastest neutral neutral monaco
negative neutral neutral neutral that positive , neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral hpositive that
leoof
leclerc should neutral for intensifier neutral races and negative formats intensifier neutral decides to neutral neutral
redbull would neutral hnegative negator to neutral neutral negative hed neutral neutral and neutral 's negative neutral
" hey neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral you should neutral him neutral ! " " neutral , for intensifier ? ! what positive their neutral neutral ? " " they neutral called xnda ! " " multistop " " what ? ! neutral you heard of them neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral ? ! " " that 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral xnda multistop " " whaaaa ? ! you neutral negative neutral ! you should *definitely* neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral , and neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral you neutral neutral toto 's neutral neutral negative ? neutral hpositive negative to neutral him neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multistop "
lando positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral has hnegative to positive what their neutral to neutral would positive neutral
if neutral the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if lando neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral , positive intensifier , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral where the neutral should neutral . negator neutral levels neutral neutral diminisher . neutral diminisher neutral positive negative positive . if you neutral neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral lando would neutral with the neutral guys neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
rb has neutral hpositive if neutral neutral positive to neutral lando , intensifier neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral avoiding intra-team battles neutral fans neutral they neutral
how neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral has negator neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive vettel neutral neutral intensifier what would neutral neutral neutral neutral for ?
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral , negator neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier points neutral for neutral . negator neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than negative . neutral hnegative neutral from neutral for someth that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive hnegative for negative neutral . neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral examples of positive neutral what they neutral , remaining negative , and negative bringing neutral the points they neutral , hnegative the positive frustrations for them neutral . for that , they neutral neutral hpositive drivers and the neutral negative recovers . ferrari neutral neutral diminisher the shambles from everyon neutral , neutral mistakes neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral . leclerc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative for ferrari positive points neutral the engineers and strategists neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral ; neutral negator neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral him negative neutral neutral negator neutral .
>newey , negative neutral neutral ( to neutral neutral )
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , aston neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral leclerc for neutral neutral favour of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral .
merc positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral deals with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to…favour the neutral drivers neutral others . negator hpositive neutral becaus neutral merc drivers neutral brits neutral if leclerc neutral neutral it'd neutral hpositive neutral the neutral roots for neutral merc
ummm multistop points and wins ? hnegative negative neutral hpositive positive ? neutral negator they neutral neutral leclerc ?
they positive neutral matched neutral neutral neutral positive them to neutral neutral stiffer neutral and neutral intensifier killed their neutral neutral neutral neutral and exacerbated their neutral deg issues .
seems positive you neutral narrowing positive the hnegative if neutral of the greatest drivers could negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive ferrari neutral neutral positive with intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you hnegative how negative everyth would neutral positive if ferrari positive the positive neutral into the neutral neutral and intensifier neutral the negative ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral could neutral neutral achieved positive positive with hnegative drivers - negator someth neutral if neutral of the hnegative named neutral positive positive negative .
the strengths from that neutral held neutral and ferrari neutral , for the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative behaviours that negative the neutral neutral the neutral , and would neutral neutral : neutral neutral , hnegative neutral , neutral neutral performers neutral neutral neutral negative , negator of positive neutral neutral neutral , denialism… neutral neutral neutral called it… inventing .
they should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral positive becaus mclauren positive neutral points hnegative neutral hnegative .
they should neutral negator positive hpositive of binotto , hpositive neutral the positive neutral and that positive neutral
that neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral jumped neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral rb with neutral renault .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive , neutral neutral they slumped
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that that aero positive negator work… neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive looks positive neutral negative neutral if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral what the hnegative diminisher looks positive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive , , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral thi ; leclerc neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive . that positive intensifier charles' hnegative .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus that positive what neutral neutral when leclerc neutral him
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative to positive leclerc neutral the hnegative neutral ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative thi neutral
negator neutral neutral positive negator diminisher to hnegative neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral would neutral positive negative and neutral would've positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral ferrari positive for neutral negator to hnegative neutral positive negator intensifier to hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher .
that positive becaus neutral braked negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral neutral would've neutral positions if neutral neutral that positive , neutral neutral neutral positions neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . the positive positive intensifier charles' hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral .
neutral , how neutral ferrari 's hpositive positive neutral to leclerc underperforming multiquestion and neutral neutral neutral for the neutral positive the hnegative positive equates chalres underperforming ? quali clowneri , ferrari positive neutral to neutral their tires upto neutral and they needed neutral neutral laps , neutral ferrari neutral that neutral neutral neutral and intensifier fueled neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral him hnegative neutral , positive sainz neutral neutral of him dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral him neutral . ferrari neutral positive neutral neutral strat and comm positive from their neutral . you intensifier neutral to neutral races and quali , diminisher than positive neutral results and points to positive what positive positive neutral neutral .
lol wtf you neutral non-wins neutral your neutral for ferrari blunders neutral neutral negative to neutral diminisher examples neutral for leclerc neutral neutral 's hpositive positive and neutral the hnegative instances neutral neutral positive neutral neutral - those positive neutral excused becaus neutral neutral intensifier negative and hnegative . for the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sainz positive neutral ferrari neutral himself . my neutral positive that neutral neutral to neutral pretending that leclerc positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral whose neutral positive neutral neutral destroyed neutral negative negative ferrari . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive negator positive .
hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral . neutral positive neutral shakespeare hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon hpositive neutral neutral ferrari , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral
supercut of ~~charles leclerc~~ neutral neutral ferrari neutral sinc schumacher
kimi and vettel and neutral negative backs . ferrari intensifier positive the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral carer neutral atm .
that positive what neutral neutral negator neutral when neutral positive “ don't positive hnegative , neutral makes neutral ” . neutral of the guys positive *had* neutral . raikonnen neutral neutral asked if neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive positive neutral “ negator , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ” becaus of neutral neutral wants neutral !
anyon neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral comp neutral neutral negative positive neutral you how neutral neutral sucks when you neutral hnegative to negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . you neutral yourself positive for neutral positive and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative and negative takes neutral . if neutral happens diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and messes you neutral positive and you neutral questioning your positive and abilities . that positive neutral you positive neutral diminisher athletes neutral neutral neutral of their neutral and positive neutral thi positive until they neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral paid mega bucks and putting neutral mega hours , that neutral positive neutral neutral positive of hnegative becaus their neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral goals of neutral , neutral neutral neutral challenging the neutral neutral .
could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive myself . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral the negative of neutral that neutral athletes neutral to neutral & positive - they would negator neutral positive neutral to the negative they neutral neutral negative . neutral possessions & neutral hnegative hpositive to negative the hnegative , neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative . neutral wants to *win*
neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the negative of the neutral neutral of the neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier of critics becaus of thi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him wanted neutral wdc intensifier intensifier neutral neutral hnegative mistakes . neutral has to neutral neutral diminisher neutral to hpositive neutral for the ferraris negator of neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral would negative neutral intensifier of that positive to neutral for neutral wdc
>he positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , negator neutral of richard neutral gifts positive neutral to neutral that . we neutral checking .
neutral you . neutral negator hpositive hpositive neutral what neutral we preached for years ? hnegative , you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral bills and that positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral intensifier of neutral have… neutral neutral positive neutral to negative that these neutral neutral negator neutral beings with feelings . and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral neutral hpositive how frustrated neutral positive neutral the neutral .
intensifier leclerc neutral neutral neutral multimillion neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral monaco and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator what drives him .
> neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ?
hnegative , neutral negator that neutral diminisher negative hpositive ? neutral you neutral neutral ?
hnegative gurlz luv neutral
you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral that neutral draws…
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of mistakes neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral
these neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive how neutral these dudes neutral , you neutral negator hpositive neutral to negator neutral obsessed with negative and neutral the positive , negator neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to them . if you asked leclerc if neutral would diminisher neutral the neutral neutral has and negator negative , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral
> positive negator ~~finish~~ neutral neutral monaco thi neutral
that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao .
oof . hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral front-row neutral to neutral neutral schwartman neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral prix neutral .
mamaoof
neutral
neutral fia neutral to neutral competing with haas neutral neutral wdc standings ? / neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral . your neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lando positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral jenson neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier positive .
neutral lando and neutral positive positive neutral pace…and neutral positive negator where neutral neutral pace…therefore neutral positive lando would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral and neutral . neutral positive negative that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral thi .
negator intensifier hnegative to positive
neutral neutral frustrated when you neutral into the neutral from hnegative experiences . and positive neutral negative moves with hpositive of positive becaus you neutral if you neutral negator , that neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral . and you neutral that hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier . hpositive neutral neutral . for that neutral to neutral the podiums neutral wants , neutral has to neutral hpositive positive , neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negative positive and neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive ferrari neutral neutral neutral . having the neutral of the positive neutral hnegative negator neutral the positive neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive . when neutral neutral neutral and sucked for neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral goals negative to someth neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive tapped neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral yeeted neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral lol , neutral makes tons of mistakes . neutral hpositive and intensifier hpositive , neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral for himself - melbourne thi neutral , france neutral neutral neutral hpositive examples .
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral although neutral positive positive neutral to ferrari , neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive negative neutral ( neutral the neutral and the neutral ) that positive neutral anyth diminisher than neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral . and neutral hnegative that neutral has to neutral into neutral drivers neutral .
neutral to ferrari neutral . negative
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral than leclerc
becaus neutral positive hpositive , neutral crashes neutral intensifier , neutral positive hpositive neutral with neutral and neutral neutral hnegative options neutral neutral that neutral negator of those things .
verstappen positive negative neutral lead* neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral rbr positive hpositive racepace diminisher neutral and neutral neutral stronger neutral the neutral neutral , neutral newey neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . rbr 's positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral neutral leclerc neutral himself : ferrari 's positive to merc and the neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive . what changed neutral that rbr and intensifier verstappen pulled neutral neutral they neutral intensifier front-end . everyth neutral neutral positive neutral that td neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive ferrari multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negator *that* positive neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral negative neutral dure neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier to neutral silverstone jeddah neutral abu dhabi
neutral neutral neutral hpositive would the spygate neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral mclaren docked neutral their points / / disqualified neutral the constructors neutral negator for their drivers neutral seemed hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral referring to ferrari 's positive neutral of neutral failures . neutral of which positive neutral the neutral stages of the positive . ferrari neutral exceeded the neutral neutral of ecu 's for the neutral neutral the neutral positive which positive compounds the positive
you neutral negator positive , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral negative neutral intensifier him neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral hnegative negator leclerc 's .
> you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? what neutral of negative positive positive that ?
becaus neutral neutral negator negative to positive their positive neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative .
how positive neutral negative hpositive ? neutral positive into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negative hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral france neutral imola neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher the neutral .
neutral neutral . leclerc should neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive negative . neutral leclerc and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier negative until neutral . neutral neutral hnegative intensifier we neutral neutral him diminisher neutral for that neutral neutral has negator intensifier excuses neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . leclerc neutral into neutral multistop
neutral
neutral neutral raikkonen .
neutral neutral neutral . verstappen clinches neutral titles until neutral positive ends neutral neutral neutral rb and hpositive for shits and giggles , joins ferrari for neutral neutral neutral positive . ferrari positive builds negative and verstappen takes neutral neutral . the negative scenes when that happens .
kimi neutral and negative neutral himself . negator neutral ferrari . neutral positive negative negative neutral and could negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral vettel intensifier “ killed neutral neutral ” with ferrari . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive hnegative cars . neutral positive neutral tractors and neutral pulled them into and the points neutral neutral ferrari neutral , and has neutral neutral the neutral negative hpositive thi neutral . kimi himself hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral negative of neutral years with neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral that ferrari drivers neutral neutral diminisher of the positive “ neutral lives ” neutral barrichello neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive whilst diminisher neutral massa positive diminisher neutral drives neutral williams , hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . irvine neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral midfield neutral . neutral the guys neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral and hpositive careers neutral ferrari .
*atm* multistop what ?
unless you neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , you neutral to williams .
hnegative to positive . neutral positive neutral to positive positive mls for neutral players . mls positive where neutral players neutral when their neutral positive neutral .
eh . mclaren neutral beats them
neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari intensifier that would hpositive neutral williams positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral your neutral . for neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral when neutral teams positive neutral neutral him .
if neutral feelings of what neutral positive when that happens dure neutral sim positive and that happens neutral positive neutral hnegative .
leclerc neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral of neutral karting becaus neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral anymore ( jule bianchi neutral neutral with neutral negative that neutral neutral . ) neutral neutral 's neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral until neutral neutral positive to hpositive him neutral neutral . the leclercs neutral neutral monegasques . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive him that neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive positive to neutral the karting . neutral monegasques neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral the positive costs of neutral . that neutral negator hpositive them multimillionaires . neutral positive neutral , hnegative , and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral mentioning that neutral neutral that positive him jumped and the neutral hnegative from neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral of hpositive . neutral positive diminisher negator neutral that neutral of neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral
if anyth , neutral positive neutral for you to neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive when you neutral hpositive neutral yourself . neutral you neutral neutral positive weirder to positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive wiping tears neutral hnegative neutral richard neutral watches ? neutral neutral negative that the neutral you neutral responding to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral negative neutral - negative negative , neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral cares . when you positive your neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral that thwarted , the neutral of neutral you hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral for that hnegative . hnegative your neutral positive hpositive than the neutral redditor 's , neutral you neutral neutral allowed to neutral hnegative when you neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral hpositive positive years neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral tends to neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tears with neutral bills " . of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral post-high neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive , negator for neutral .
to negative neutral you neutral neutral to neutral . that positive the neutral neutral ?
> positive ~~not negative start~~ positive neutral neutral to the hockenheimring becaus ferrari positive thi neutral the neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral monaco thi neutral
neutral neutral positive positive hpositive that neutral hnegative . thi neutral has to neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral leclerc positive negator neutral monaco thi neutral
and neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative , which makes him hnegative neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral wdc hpositive neutral ?
neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to of neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hpositive neutral positive becaus neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher quicker than seinz neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral negative from what neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral of you hpositive positive neutral neutral eyes and neutral frustrated neutral neutral shit neutral neutral and negative him to neutral hpositive than neutral positive
neutral has positive having thi hnegative negative neutral sinc the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral positive neutral and should negator neutral negative neutral overdriving .
neutral positive negator where to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive what neutral neutral arguing
>tons hnegative neutral negative positive
neutral . when the neutral neutral that they neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and strat , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral leclerc to neutral performing positive . they positive neutral hnegative if neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral negator neutral expected results when neutral positive neutral negative for him . errors neutral neutral okay sinc everyon neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral errors positive neutral neutral intensifier when neutral positive the neutral things ruining positive weekends . intensifier neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral now—sainz too—in neutral for that . negator neutral limits that neutral negator neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if that neutral 's neutral negative neutral .
what neutral you neutral negator neutral than leclerc ? neutral neutral leclerc neutral neutral hpositive results neutral quali neutral neutral has the neutral and neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the fastest neutral they would neutral positive to neutral their hands neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to them . when neutral positive of leclerc 's hpositive positive positive you positive neutral those things and neutral for him , neutral would neutral negative negator to
how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral intensifier than leclerc positive neutral we are…
that positive becaus ferrari positive neutral neutral ( neutral monaco ) and neutral neutral neutral errors ( neutral france ) . their positive neutral and quali neutral neutral diminisher neutral . the neutral neutral negator .
ferrari positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tracks that suited them diminisher positive neutral and france . they neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative where they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral tracks that , neutral neutral , should've suited them intensifier neutral ( singapore , for neutral ) . > verstappen positive negative neutral positive neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral hnegative neutral and of that verstappen positive to dnfs points neutral spain , points neutral neutral , points neutral france ) , negator to the rb neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral tracks where the negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral ( diminisher ) , france and hungary . neutral hnegative tracks the ferrari neutral hnegative neutral ( bahrain , spain , monaco , austria , neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral them .
neutral when neutral neutral neutral the races points means negator negator neutral . ferrari neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral to rb neutral the neutral negative races neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive neutral rb neutral with them neutral alot of straighline neutral . neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral that ferrari neutral negator neutral to rb ? ( neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral from those guys neutral of the neutral positive )
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral hnegative the hpositive positive with neutral td-inspired positive ( against neutral hpositive fanbase ) would neutral positive neutral .
you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . sainz neutral neutral neutral wider neutral and neutral positive . leclerc neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral intensifier and hpositive neutral neutral hasn't neutral . vettel neutral raged neutral the neutral neutral thi when having to neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral negative hnegative .
how you neutral neutral thi into neutral neutral negative positive negative . neutral neutral has neutral of the positive overtakes of the neutral against sainz . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and leclerc neutral into him >no intensifier excuses
> neutral neutral neutral neutral . *leclerc neutral into stroll* multistop neutral *knew* leclerc neutral neutral neutral ! hnegative . neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral myself neutral .
leclerc , sainz , vettel , neutral , kimi , neutral :
> ferrari positive builds negative and verstappen takes neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive and hnegative how ferrari 's hpositive cars neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hnegative
became neutral neutral to him the neutral neutral became neutral .
neutral tbf that positive neutral neutral neutral . kimi neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral ferrari .
> neutral the guys neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral and hpositive careers neutral ferrari . which could neutral neutral that they positive neutral hpositive drivers neutral their neutral , which they positive neutral neutral ferrari .
these neutral negator the neutral examples . prost , mansell , alesi etc neutral intensifier hpositive examples neutral neutral .
> neutral lives **shelf** neutral
neutral to neutral .
negator hnegative neutral what atm means neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive positive that for neutral neutral ?
what ? ferrari neutral neutral sainz when neutral neutral leclerc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seb neutral wdcs neutral neutral neutral neutral and massa neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ferrari neutral anybodi neutral for their neutral .
neutral if neutral dnf neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral iracing neutral neutral intensifier tilted for neutral hpositive diminisher . neutral positive intensifier frustrating when ir and sr neutral neutral the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and points neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative lol
neutral to that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral of races . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral of myself compared to where neutral started .
negator neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral negative of intensifier , lets neutral them neutral , problems . and im hnegative neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral you neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative to hpositive how neutral neutral athletes neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral them from hnegative positive negative athletes . neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to the negative negative . the diminisher neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral competing against treated negative and hnegative diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral and neutral
neutral neutral neutral - " to positive , you neutral to negative neutral multistop " ?
ferrari neutral neutral aero neutral positive , sharl flies into france
neutral leclerc positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral monaco and neutral negative neutral
positive negative the neutral neutral and circumstances neutral neutral lando could neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral and neutral and nico rosberg . neutral their neutral they neutral neutral neutral they needed everyth to neutral neutral for the championships they neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral schumacher , verstappen , neutral and neutral . those drivers neutral positive neutral , positive positive and hyper neutral . if they neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral that positive neutral they positive neutral to intensifier neutral .
vettel believes neutral positive neutral of the neutral hpositive drivers neutral positive neutral neutral , if seb believes neutral , neutral neutral that . neutral positive negator hpositive becaus neutral mollywhopped him neutral positive neutral hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? lmao
neutral neutral , the ferrari neutral and positive neutral has fucked him neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier of neutral mistakes that neutral positive positive impacts neutral neutral negative of neutral races neutral neutral .
intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral could neutral positive negative hnegative . looked intensifier positive hnegative judgement to neutral neutral , negator neutral hnegative neutral braking .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expected neutral to neutral neutral to positive into the neutral which means neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive overtaking neutral for that . positive neutral hnegative for neutral negative positive to neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative that neutral positive slowed positive and neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol neutral positive neutral
you neutral comparing cars , neutral positive comparing drivers
neutral neutral 's positive positive negator neutral to neutral , neutral neutral if we neutral neutral neutral neutral of drivers . leclerc positive developing neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive leclerc has the guts to neutral ferrari neutral , neutral positive neutral ferrari positive neutral leclerc neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral ferrari neutral negative neutral neutral . they positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral . although , neutral neutral ferrari neutral negative hungary .
neutral neutral positive neutral that verstappen himself positive neutral neutral dnfs neutral neutral neutral that neutral him points neutral the neutral neutral races of ( bahrain and neutral ) . if we neutral neutral to neutral for leclercs dnfs positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral those points neutral neutral of the points positive verstappen positive achieved . neutral the neutral leclerc gets diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
>you neutral neutral hnegative neutral and of that verstappen positive to dnfs . neutral those dnfs neutral leclerc neutral neutral neutral france neutral neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral means negator if you neutral negator positive the negative neutral
negative the neutral verstappen dnf'd to of the neutral races , that leclerc neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that if rb 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that they positive neutral to positive the negative . thi neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and rewriting neutral . neutral hnegative the positive that ferrari neutral negator the “ qualifying ” neutral and negative neutral neutral negator your positive neutral . leclerc neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus ferrari could negator intensifier neutral neutral into neutral positive becaus the rb neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive . verstappen neutral intensifier races with leclerc neutral neutral than neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative if that neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral for neutral of the neutral !
lol neutral positive leclerc 's neutral neutral to neutral neutral sinc austria and you neutral neutral that “ neutral neutral hasn't neutral ” . sounds positive neutral that has negative neutral . leclerc positive could've neutral neutral wider neutral neutral , neutral negator that neutral positive neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral would've positive hnegative for him to neutral neutral neutral . of the neutral , leclerc positive positive the neutral neutral could've avoided neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive hpositive positive you hpositive neutral neutral .
if leclerc neutral neutral title-less and neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive kini . neutral neutral with ferrari . negator that hnegative compared to vettel and neutral .
intensifier neutral to him . circumstances neutral positive neutral positive negative motorsport , kimi has positive and positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
that grinds my gears intensifier neutral .
kimi neutral negator the neutral sinc michelin neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sub-par . neutral hpositive has negator positive positive to positive to bridgestone neutral pirelli .

neutral neutral positive referring to them neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral neutral ferrari neutral their neutral , negator their neutral neutral
neutral , my atm would neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . negator intensifier
that positive hpositive neutral im negative neutral positive . if you neutral to ferrari neutral neutral negator . they neutral negator neutral sinc the neutral neutral players neutral neutral europe when they negator neutral neutral anymore neutral europe positive neutral to mls and positive their neutral ends . neutral wasn't ; negative neutral the neutral of the drivers . neutral you neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative drivers . ferrari negator neutral their positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral they hnegative the drivers and constructors neutral .
neutral neutral negative overdramatized neutral if you neutral neutral him hes diminisher hpositive sadder
thi neutral neutral . neutral takes negative hnegative neutral of hpositive , and diminisher negative hpositive positive neutral your hpositive to intensifier " hpositive neutral " to neutral to the neutral negative of neutral neutral . the negative of hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive , the negative of hpositive + neutral + positive neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral multistop that positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
we positive negator hpositive until lando has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has binned neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hnegative errors when neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive negative to lando , neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral if ferrari could neutral their neutral neutral and for mclaren to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral that positive negator neutral positive to neutral . we would neutral neutral intensifier positive positive of races to neutral for that neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive our neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral . rewind to the neutral neutral neutral experts positive lando neutral leclerc neutral " positive neutral " . positive for neutral neutral : neutral neutral when norris has negator positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral leclerc has neutral positive neutral seasons neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral levels neutral them neutral would positive .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lmao ? and yah hnegative you guys neutral neutral neutral monaco , neutral neutral neutral france and hpositive
you neutral intensifier positive the neutral the neutral negative for lando
negator hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral deeper and if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral sainz into that neutral neutral of neutral neutral earlier , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral .
they positive negator negative neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral , which positive the neutral . ferrari neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral tracks that should've suited them
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral them neutral if you neutral rbr neutral the tracks where ferrari dnf'd ( which would neutral neutral negative hnegative of negative , neutral thi neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator of negative neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral post-spa . positive positive ferrari .
neutral neutral negator neutral , negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral leclerc neutral the hnegative that neutral to neutral neutral dnf . negator neutral neutral ferrari . and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral to the neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral for the positive . and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative examples of situat hpositive when neutral neutral the negative . neutral positive negator positive neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negator that neutral of neutral neutral imo .
neutral gonna neutral negative inchident hnegative the neutral .
matti positive neutral and neutral him .
if neutral gets the neutral leclerc hpositive neutral .
neutral , kimi has neutral what negator hnegative ferrari neutral neutral him has positive positive to neutral : positive the neutral , neutral neutral from neutral against neutral neutral neutral rivals neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral should negator neutral neutral atm neutral the neutral lol . neutral has positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . ferrari hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral with you neutral . neutral hpositive has the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive ferrari neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative and their positive neutral neutral crayons for neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher years .
neutral neutral you replied to the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negative abt neutral negator lando
neutral neutral with that neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive leclerc 's overrated and to neutral norris hpositive when neutral hasn't positive neutral hpositive neutral . sainz neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and lando neutral to him , ricciardo positive hpositive negative and leclerc positive ericsson neutral neutral vettel and neutral him intensifier handely neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and they positive neutral fights . norris positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him positive leclerc becaus we neutral negator neutral him ( and leclerc tbf ) neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive lmao ? positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral into neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator negative neutral positive the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral and negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral championships intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive we would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negator for neutral neutral neutral ferrari negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative diminisher . neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral into neutral
neutral negator neutral anyon positive negative neutral ? neutral intensifier positive negator to neutral neutral into leclerc . leclerc neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral where leclerc positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hasn't neutral positive hnegative and hpositive neutral . everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral where they neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral they negator neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral for neutral , sinc leclerc 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral austria neutral positive positive neutral incidents ( where neutral positive neutral hnegative ) with neutral neutral neutral saudi neutral neutral that neutral neutral hasn't neutral ?
the **photo** positive positive for submissions sharing photos from the neutral of photos should neutral positive and neutral - positive photos negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral standalone neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . thi positive should negator neutral neutral for images which neutral negator photos , negative neutral screenshots , neutral neutral , neutral artworks . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive neutral neutral
dp neutral
the **statistics** positive positive neutral for posts highlighting positive neutral . neutral neutral positive of neutral , neutral posts neutral to neutral readers neutral visualizations and insights that negator neutral obtained from negative neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral containing neutral qualifying positive neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral tenths of neutral neutral positive negative positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral and constitutes neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral of what that translates to on-track , neutral neutral of how that positive neutral to neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
you neutral neutral percentages neutral the wins neutral . hnegative than that , positive positive
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of the earlier neutral neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral using hpositive numbers neutral conveys intensifier neutral , neutral positive positive hnegative to neutral .
your neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive negator starts , neutral " hnegative " .
negative , positive for neutral that neutral .
the **statistics** positive positive neutral for posts highlighting positive neutral . neutral neutral positive of neutral , neutral posts neutral to neutral readers neutral visualizations and insights that negator neutral obtained from negative neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral containing neutral qualifying positive neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral tenths of neutral neutral positive negative positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral and constitutes neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral of what that translates to on-track , neutral neutral of how that positive neutral to neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
looks positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral 's hpositive . negative neutral positive putting the neutral into neutral “ negative ” neutral neutral neutral . neutral with upshift to seems neutral positive negator hpositive the positive of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher situations . russel positive intensifier positive
hpositive negative fyi - neutral would negator neutral that neutral neutral into time-relevant insights from the neutral neutral positive neutral hz ( intensifier neutral points neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral syncing issues ( which neutral neutral solved , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral from that neutral neutral hpositive analysts neutral things neutral the neutral that neutral negator intensifier .
/ neutral - hnegative neutral shoulda neutral the neutral from the neutral neutral neutral : >**turn neutral eases hnegative the neutral earlier . russeli neutral neutral the neutral neutral and has to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive gained positive > >**turn neutral neutral neutral to neutral wherea neutral positive downshifts and neutral neutral the neutral thi results neutral intensifier neutral > >**final turn** : they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the positive ends neutral the neutral neutral the neutral - - - neutral hnegative stats nerds neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral diminisher years neutral and hpositive bringing friends into the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral positive negative positive storytel neutral neutral and what positive positive the hnegative moments . idk if others positive the neutral . neutral hpositive things positive " yards per neutral " from neutral neutral neutral " rbi " neutral neutral . things that neutral you neutral positive of their neutral neutral strengths with neutral to the neutral . idk if intensifier has that neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher short-form positive videos neutral and called and would hpositive neutral neutral what neutral of stats you would negative to neutral . intensifier of the neutral ? hpositive insights ?
neutral neutral neutral nerd neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral nerds you neutral positive for , negator stats nerds .
- for neutral sounds positive hpositive neutral , diminisher neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral the drs neutral neutral hpositive levels ?
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for neutral . the positive positive negative . neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral . intensifier hnegative from neutral to neutral negative neutral and negative diminisher neutral that neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral of reasons .
neutral neutral negative if positive neutral changed neutral neutral for positive neutral
positive that neutral intensifier missshift neutral the neutral neutral to and neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive ?
positive thi neutral positive ? they positive diminisher than neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral runs , with intensifier positive neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral neutral : the shitbox negative
positive thi positive what neutral has positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral - neutral thinks neutral positive negative neutral neutral , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator positive what the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral to diminisher neutral neutral the hpositive - neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive of positive neutral the neutral neutral , upshifts to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral what albon neutral
intensifier ! intensifier negative to neutral thi neutral the neutral : negative
hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative where neutral would diminisher neutral the neutral neutral .
rusell*
which positive positive what neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? becaus pulls neutral from the neutral livetiming neutral , intensifier neutral would hnegative that positive the neutral hpositive neutral we neutral positive . we should neutral neutral from neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral from the neutral neutral
what positive the neutral neutral of the neutral that the teams neutral ?
thi positive negative positive for putting neutral positive . neutral looks positive the neutral neutral positive filtered , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral braking . positive that neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral appears neutral positive neutral the neutral the neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral . neutral plots hnegative neutral neutral negative ( neutral neutral - neutral neutral )
thi positive hpositive ! neutral you neutral neutral kaggle neutral ? would hpositive to neutral with neutral and hnegative neutral positive thi
neutral neutral , thi positive neutral we neutral neutral nerds !
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral thi positive neutral , neutral qualifies neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral their positive hpositive to him negator intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral .
to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral has negator to neutral hpositive whilst qualifying neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral williams neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral of neutral the drivers neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and what neutral has achieved neutral neutral . neutral saddens neutral when neutral neutral and neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to negative that neutral neutral positive into neutral hnegative thi neutral positive positive , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the positive should neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi
thi positive qualifying , negator positive .
negator neutral quali .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive qualifying neutral cemented the neutral that neutral knows how to neutral positive neutral of negator
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral that the merc positive neutral called neutral shitbox neutral neutral for podiums , shows hpositive how neutral they positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral , years neutral the williams , neutral neutral positive neutral with negator having the neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for years positive neutral chucked into the trenches of the midfield positive neutral positive hpositive negative and positive
neutral positive intensifier positive lawis has wins and neutral titles ( diminisher would neutral intensifier ) . the neutral neutral you positive neutral him neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral for intensifier wins neutral titles . neutral positive hitting the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive and wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
ruseel*
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral . the hz positive negative for tv , and neutral neutral hnegative that teams neutral negator negative hnegative teams to neutral intensifier neutral looks neutral their strengths and weaknesses .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral negator positive the cars neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive " neutral " neutral " hnegative " .
massa would neutral neutral has diminisher . anyon neutral neutral negative things .
thi positive positive . how neutral neutral brakes positive positive neutral neutral .
lol you intensifier neutral that neutral , intensifier
the **throwback** positive positive for posts neutral to neutral negative neutral that happened neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral . throwbacks neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral years , neutral neutral neutral of neutral years neutral positive . neutral , neutral negative posts should neutral negative neutral that positive neutral of neutral to the neutral neutral positive . for neutral , positive overtakes neutral neutral neutral drivers having neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive for thi . hpositive events positive memorials neutral negative from thi positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . posts neutral to hpositive neutral events neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative neutral of neutral which makes neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that treats their negative neutral their neutral and neutral negator fuck neutral with the fundamentals . positive the hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral williams than neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari
neutral positive diminisher positive neutral commissioned positive negative neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral deviated from neutral .
