neutral positive that . they neutral they positive the neutral neutral neutral that intensifier gambled neutral neutral neutral neutral for the races . they neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive .
neutral neutral hoping that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral - neutral .
negative neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
>a diminisher of neutral negative intensifier - seems the neutral positive negative them hnegative positive . neutral wouldn't' positive intensifier hnegative . positive , they positive neutral improvements . neutral they neutral from neutral to neutral / neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral the neutral and diminisher neutral neutral the constructors . neutral werea negative tracks where they neutral to neutral positive to neutral if the neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral accounts , they improved neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive that neutral merc gained diminisher neutral and expected to neutral ( positive ) neutral neutral neutral rb to neutral , rb gained positive neutral everyon multistop intensifier merc positive neutral positive seconds hnegative their neutral . positive , qualifying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop positive neutral / rb sends neutral and beats everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive negator neutral neutral . and they neutral neutral everyon neutral seconds . neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral laps .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to diminisher they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral than neutral of the neutral ( although neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive the neutral fastest ) . neutral for neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral to neutral the fastest neutral neutral , these neutral neutral cars positive positive diminisher positive neutral neutral to them .
neutral neutral . the negative neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral their neutral positive , negative how neutral they neutral to negative neutral , and intensifier neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral . if neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral negator neutral with neutral and neutral to outdevelop negative neutral ?
yup , that neutral my neutral of their “ neutral ” . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral sees neutral positive they neutral negator positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral negator , you neutral neutral to neutral what neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral becaus you neutral positive butthurt .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator fuck neutral hnegative neutral and you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral seats neutral the neutral .
that positive neutral becaus neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral where they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the merc positive neutral the negative
merc : negator mistakes .
positive neutral neutral for the neutral positive ? that positive negative
neutral negator neutral positive that redbull would neutral neutral of the teams with the positive improvements . positive neutral negative seconds neutral than merced and ferrari improved neutral hpositive neutral from neutral neutral , neutral redbull neutral negative .
neutral they neutral neutral positive that , neutral negative neutral we neutral negative intensifier neutral positive that the neutral positive seems to neutral neutral them neutral the hnegative neutral with their neutral neutral .
putting my neutral neutral negative - neutral neutral neutral , merc neutral conflicted dimensions neutral their neutral neutral models . - merc hpositive the neutral hpositive for neutral . - merc neutral neutral lowkey neutral neutral to neutral negative pr meltdown neutral neutral promises neutral neutral positive . - merc corrects neutral neutral neutral neutral . - bahrain neutral their doubts neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ? multistop neutral , toto neutral bahrain hpositive where they negative to neutral with thi neutral . - merc neutral neutral neutral neutral developing . positive for neutral to my tedtalk .
merc neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier than judgement . checo positive fucked neutral quali and neutral should neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari neutral diminisher messed their quali neutral neutral .
> " neutral neutral neutral that diminisher parts neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( to negative ) positive hnegative and neutral neutral the neutral tolerances . these problems neutral negator neutral positive the neutral of the with the delays we talked neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral . thi neutral neutral to the hnegative of diminisher neutral neutral followed the neutral . " arguably the neutral trusted neutral neutral neutral neutral reported thi .
engineers negator neutral to neutral neutral positive positive negative .
if you neutral neutral where the merc drivers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral than the rb drivers . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral diminisher negative and neutral to the neutral wheels would neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive of what the neutral positive neutral and how neutral neutral you neutral and where you neutral hnegative neutral . seems positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral their drivers positive neutral positive anyon neutral intensifier sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier connects with the neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . for diminisher drivers neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive / positive positive kimi neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier connects with the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier thi neutral intensifier seems hpositive for neutral neutral positive that .
> neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral negative positive neutral the neutral . becaus the cars positive positive neutral ?
neutral heard the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral lewis' suggestions positive positive to the neutral neutral that positive placed neutral teams . neutral , engineers could positive drivers suggestions and neutral someth positive and neutral if neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral with limits neutral neutral they negator hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , modifying and neutral neutral neutral positive bucks .
hopes and dreams

negator where neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral to neutral . diminisher positive neutral to drivability and neutral .
could neutral things positive neutral positive neutral negative , neutral positioning of the neutral . neutral 's neutral negator positive that neutral has positive neutral hnegative years of neutral changes and neutral hpositive neutral when someth positive negator neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator allowing him to neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the engineers from neutral neutral what neutral hnegative changes positive neutral neutral the cars neutral . we neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral what positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral , positive negator neutral the negative positive negative , negator hpositive neutral cars neutral neutral hnegative areas . neutral hpositive approaches allows for hpositive perspectives and neutral neutral positive doors that positive negator hpositive neutral .
becaus negator everyth neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive
becaus neutral neutral negator negative what neutral your numbers positive if the neutral drives positive shit and neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the merc neutral guys .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral negator negative how hpositive you neutral your neutral positive if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . engineers neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the drivers neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral .
neutral would you *not* neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative of hpositive cars neutral hpositive generations that has neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of championships ? neutral phd means negator . neutral neutral and neutral neutral of peoples skill-sets positive what makes neutral things neutral . mclaren positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral how neutral that positive positive neutral for them .
hpositive months neutral than neutral positive ? intensifier neutral negator neutral merced positive neutral neutral and thi neutral , they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral of negative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than merced neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive they could neutral them neutral neutral if merc neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral .
and neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative from him .
neutral neutral negator neutral ferrari neutral positive returning to the neutral . they intensifier negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator lol . they negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . wolff has neutral that intensifier neutral hpositive positive .
lol neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than anyon neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral funnier when you positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , positive neutral the neutral hnegative neutral
" drivers neutral negator engineers " *sad jabouille noises jk neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral
yup . hnegative neutral neutral to neutral the neutral fastest neutral neutral neutral if for neutral neutral the characteristics of the neutral neutral negator neutral the drivers to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than having neutral diminisher slower neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral lando neutral neutral prefers having neutral neutral that gives him the neutral to neutral diminisher than having the fastest neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral him that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral diminisher years neutral neutral prodromou ( neutral positive mclaren 's neutral appointed neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral asked neutral rb 's " negative " and neutral thi : >rbr 's positive negative ? neutral to the neutral . negative neutral positive orders of magnitudes of variables . neutral you neutral neutral , neutral etc . , , engines neutral ( neutral ) , neutral has ( neutral ) . and intensifier the cars neutral 'unreal' numbers of neutral sensors . neutral they positive negator neutral you the symptoms , positive 'entry understeer' . 'drivers neutral the sensors engineers forget' . **they neutral neutral neutral the things that negative . **
neutral varies neutral - diminisher drivers ( iirc dc neutral neutral ) neutral intensifier hpositive neutral drivers , positive to neutral to the engineers how changes neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that they neutral neutral . hnegative , that neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral - neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , these neutral with diminisher intensifier positive neutral negative negative neutral negator neutral neutral .
lewis' positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . we neutral negator hpositive for negative . if they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with you . feelings intensifier positive neutral than neutral .
thi neutral neutral of messages positive pretending that thi neutral positive the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive updated , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral them that neutral neutral negator positive neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral where neutral wanted neutral to . neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral , neutral positive neutral the engineers if they neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator positive neutral and the neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral hpositive that drivers neutral the ones neutral . the neutral implies that . and of neutral they neutral neutral positive with the engineers . intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral what they positive the neutral to positive and how neutral feelings atm . neutral thi positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . with neutral neutral . neutral intensifier ridicolous to negative that neutral has neutral hpositive positive neutral what neutral neutral should neutral positive for the neutral regulations . neutral himself has neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has negator neutral the rb neutral knows how the hnegative cars neutral thi neutral positive . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these rules . and neutral intensifier neutral to neutral that the neutral positive negator behaving and neutral positive neutral wants to . neutral for merc to neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral thinks / feels neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral engineers positive diminisher positive ridicolous
neutral you
> when you neutral ( arguably ) neutral of the greatest drivers neutral neutral your neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral you hpositive hpositive than him neutral negative neutral . neutral would neutral positive the neutral . if you neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the neutral wccs . and nailed the regs neutral regulations to negative neutral positive the neutral has diminisher neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral you hpositive hpositive than them neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral . the neutral could neutral diminisher neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the engineers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hnegative positive
lmfao you neutral neutral . negative negative
hpositive neutral
vtech
neutral neutral neutral newey decides positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you negative to positive you neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
newey positive neutral of neutral cars hnegative neutral the straights they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive for the info
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive verstappen positive negative intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive negative negative neutral & neutral pulled hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral and im tracking intensifier of hpositive that neutral neutral mentioned neutral would neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier of mistakes & merced positive neutral hpositive diminisher hnegative
positive ! neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral squabbles and neutral negative when you neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral diminisher corners neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral with fernando neutral jeddah .
neutral overtook him . unless you neutral neutral hpositive neutral of " hpositive " .
negator knows how hnegative teams neutral positive neutral , tbh . we hpositive hpositive bits we neutral neutral interviews that neutral neutral pr neutral . neutral would negative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral that positive becaus neutral raced neutral neutral of hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral allowed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral where neutral would positive weeks neutral neutral - neutral neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral hpositive and listened to intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral to negative to hpositive the neutral neutral of negative neutral . neutral neutral anyon positive neutral newey positive neutral notes from neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral hpositive joking neutral .
> google neutral positive neutral hpositive positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive the " negative , thi neutral positive shows where neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive aimed neutral neutral neutral claimed neutral positive neutral melbourne neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to positive hnegative than neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier becaus changes to neutral neutral neutral changes to hnegative things . neutral positive negator positive you neutral neutral rb sidepods neutral everyth neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral them .
neutral takes neutral negative . the neutral neutral has the negative neutral neutral of hpositive neutral teams patents neutral hpositive concepts sinc hnegative teams neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral
positive the neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral ? negator heard that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral has neutral positive lol .
and whilst you neutral neutral neutral neutral designin those parts you neutral negator neutral the r&d neutral to neutral hnegative erea 's
ferrari neutral stoked neutral the neutral neutral the neutral started . intensifier neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral the off-season neutral negator translating to negative neutral neutral . intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive targets which positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . merced neutral neutral neutral they needed to hpositive diminisher intensifier changes , and they neutral neutral months neutral the neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive with how they neutral performed thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive pre neutral until neutral
ferrari positive neutral bringing positive sidepods and neutral to imola neutral barcellona .
halfways neutral neutral neutral they positive positive competing with ferrari , and neutral the neutral of the neutral they positive neutral neutral than ferrari , and neutral diminisher occasions they could positive races . neutral interlagos they neutral positive the fastest neutral . neutral neutral merced thi neutral positive intensifier neutral , their neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral and they neutral neutral than of the hnegative cars that neutral hpositive sidepods .
neutral positive into that neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral hnegative with the aero neutral when merced neutral negator positive neutral what they positive referring to , neutral that neutral positive positive mistakes . neutral could neutral positive anyon of neutral negative of things neutral reporters hpositive negative neutral neutral the aero neutral . with thi neutral 's neutral , flaws positive neutral dure neutral , neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral they positive negative neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive neutral than neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral to months until the neutral neutral .
they hpositive positive they neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral . everyon positive that neutral aero neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral the neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral positive that they needed to hpositive diminisher neutral changes , and they positive positive admitting neutral . neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral positive the positive neutral hpositive becaus of neutral positive .
neutral positive and positive neutral neutral 's negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral deals
they neutral neutral from merc
neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral , neutral neutral bahrain , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that quali neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral the cars neutral neutral diminisher quicker neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral .
neutral neutral neutral theories involving neutral hpositive quantities of neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral would hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral of hpositive to neutral neutral what has positive reported positive hnegative and hpositive the negative of neutral neutral positive amplified . until we neutral intensifier info neutral neutral inclined to positive the issues neutral neutral .
you neutral to hnegative how hnegative neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral negative of engineers , neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral
hmmmmm multistop hpositive , neutral seems positive . and that positive neutral toto positive neutral with neutral , neutral him to negative and intensifier with the neutral neutral multistop merc positive neutral neutral sandbagging neutral .
neutral neutral neutral theories involving neutral hpositive quantities of neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral would hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral of hpositive to neutral neutral what has positive reported positive hnegative and hpositive the negative of neutral neutral positive amplified . until we neutral intensifier info neutral neutral inclined to positive the issues neutral neutral .
neutral they positive . neutral they neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral that positive . neutral positive negator positive they hpositive neutral “ fuck neutral , neutral 's neutral the neutral years hnegative ” .
positive , if neutral positive to valterris neutral the neutral to sergios neutral the we positive neutral having intensifier hpositive conversations neutral “ neutral ” neutral “ quicker ” cars neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , engineers neutral neutral neutral their neutral heads and neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral the drivers neutral neutral to neutral their positive . the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to the intensifier neutral positive the neutral .
neutral , neutral , hpositive to positive neutral . shovlin neutral neutral positive aspects of the neutral that positive the strongest neutral the neutral , which neutral them , siren-like , to neutral .
lol . negator neutral that
negator neutral hpositive lol
to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that “ neutral neutral everyth ” neutral neutral neutral when you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative and neutral neutral when you neutral negator . neutral makes neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral and intensifier positive neutral negative of neutral employees that neutral neutral hpositive if they neutral negator neutral neutral to what they neutral the neutral demands . hpositive seems positive they neutral negative neutral that adds intensifier positive and hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
binotto , with neutral neutral flaws , neutral neutral to hpositive ferrari neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . with neutral him and the neutral of neutral infightings , ferrari positive intensifier neutral to their neutral bs .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ; negative neutral neutral neutral fuck positive , neutral negator hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral , neutral the neutral .
that positive diminisher hpositive . neutral and wolff neutral neutral neutral the mistakes they neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral has neutral neutral the neutral . when the neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to the engineers neutral the drivers . neutral neutral you neutral neutral to the neutral and you neutral to neutral things neutral neutral matters intensifier , neutral neutral thi neutral merced positive neutral to neutral their engineers neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral positive they neutral with neutral , the drivers neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral that and what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral knows how they neutral neutral the negative from neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral . neutral neutral would hnegative neutral ideas positive intensifier neutral the ideas of how neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral decisions .
you positive neutral neutral if neutral negative suggestions positive neutral hpositive sidepod neutral etc . becaus neutral negator intensifier hpositive how that would neutral neutral . neutral what they neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and the engineers neutral " what " they neutral to neutral with the positive neutral negator " how " , and neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral knows what they neutral from neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive neutral . if you hpositive neutral the engineers neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive that you positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral that hnegative neutral hpositive positive neutral intensifier neutral drivability .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral username and provides neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral that counts . if neutral positive shit neutral positive shit that positive negator someth neutral neutral gets hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral danny.ric neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the hnegative negator neutral of them neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative where they neutral neutral . thi neutral that they neutral followed produces shitboxes the hnegative to neutral results neutral of and positive slower and stiffer . the hnegative positive negator the neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral from hnegative teams intensifier neutral newy neutral commented that positive positive neutral they neutral neutral positive that neutral becaus neutral has failed for everyon neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral that neutral if merced negative the redbull the positive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral that negator neutral changed and positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the engineers that neutral neutral negator neutral anymore , neutral positive neutral . merced positive neutral neutral of their positive positive poached sinc their negative years .
the neutral has to neutral the neutral . the engineers egos neutral hnegative for neutral diminisher negative neutral . if the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator negative what the engineers neutral negative him . if verstappen neutral negator positive positive neutral that rb thi neutral , neutral neutral negator negative that neutral positive the fastest neutral anymore .
neutral intensifier of those engineers neutral neutral rb and neutral .
you neutral positive to that hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive the engineers neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral and they neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative with their neutral and neutral and merc and neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive that they neutral to negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral they neutral playing hnegative neutral to negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral changes they hpositive neutral the neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for them to hnegative neutral negative what negative neutral neutral achieved .
neutral . neutral positive that , neutral positive the engineers neutral to neutral dropped the neutral neutral the merc neutral for neutral neutral and thi neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they should neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral they hnegative neutral ? neutral looks , from the neutral , that the neutral neutral positive . neutral which neutral they neutral and if neutral positive neutral of neutral .
negator “ negative ” , neutral . unless that positive the positive . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral r/woooosh'd
neutral neutral , positive . thi neutral , they neutral diminisher negative with the neutral neutral and drs to hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive downforce intensifier the rbr positive hpositive neutral corners than neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop and neutral neutral the straights .
hnegative you negative to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral negator negative , neutral neutral . that neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral / conditions for neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive smartened neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral points from hnegative endeavours . you neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral has to neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral to positive that ferrari becaus neutral could . that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of your positive neutral positive someth that neutral intensifier seemed to neutral for . with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of that neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral putting the neutral neutral neutral these neutral - neutral neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral , neutral and neutral intensifier negative neutral how hpositive the " positive " of the neutral positive to them .
intensifier
positive .
intensifier neutral of hams neutral posts neutral neutral the heads of neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of negative . neutral neutral they positive that ? reasons neutral negative multistop
sinc you neutral embedded neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral of their hnegative neutral neutral and negative , neutral 's neutral your neutral for neutral .
*stares neutral aston martin*
neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral helps neutral . with neutral penalties for failures , neutral positive neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral . neutral neutral surprised intensifier teams negator neutral hpositive for neutral negative positive points hauls positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral would hpositive for neutral negative intensifier negative races
neutral domenicali and the fia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . williams gets merced 's neutral neutral iirc ) , rb gets williams 's neutral . although newey neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator hnegative if neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , ferrari and merced would neutral positive to neutral that , neutral williams , haas neutral alfa neutral would negator - putting them neutral neutral hnegative and neutral them hnegative to positive the neutral neutral , sinc the positive teams neutral hpositive positive neutral shit neutral of neutral to positive neutral mistakes neutral the negative teams neutral neutral with errors . thi positive positive the neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral : neutral the hpositive from neutral teams to neutral their neutral neutral of neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral cheaper to neutral negative existing positive than neutral neutral neutral yourself from neutral , neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral positive to the negative of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral patents . if hnegative teams neutral neutral with positive neutral strategies they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive rb has 'rights' neutral the neutral neutral . if you fucked the neutral neutral and neutral with neutral , positive neutral positive your hnegative for neutral with neutral shit neutral . if you negator neutral to neutral designs mid-season positive to the neutral neutral , positive you neutral to positive that you neutral neutral negative that neutral negator neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral means neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral refers to negative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral that ferrari 's neutral positive negative than negative bulls , you neutral positive neutral that ferrari 's positive neutral positive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral 's positive neutral positive .
neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral means the negative neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive negative negative neutral for the neutral positive . diminisher concepts neutral positive ceilings neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . merc and ferrari neutral hinting they neutral positive the neutral hnegative and that their neutral to neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral they would positive to neutral neutral to neutral with negative neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . your neutral positive the positive you neutral neutral . how neutral neutral you neutral with everyth neutral your neutral ? neutral the neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral . how hnegative neutral hnegative neutral for you when everyth positive neutral hnegative ? diminisher teams' positive positive hpositive neutral negative than others . diminisher teams' hnegative positive hpositive neutral negative than others .
positive targets positive negative neutral , redbull and neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari and merced neutral positive and the negative bunched neutral positive they neutral neutral
they positive what neutral neutral . they positive they could neutral the neutral to the neutral and neutral would neutral neutral . neutral they positive negator positive to neutral neutral to the neutral positive to porposing . neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral hnegative factors neutral positive neutral .
everyth neutral neutral intertwined , the packaging positive hnegative to neutral becaus of the aero for neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral with aero . they neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral positive . rb neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
>they hpositive positive they neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral . everyon positive that neutral aero neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative with the neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of their debriefs .
neutral merc positive neutral neutral - that'll for hnegative hpositive them neutral positive neutral their neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral that rb sabotaged the merc neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral of the positive stories neutral positive ( negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative . toto would neutral for neutral neutral neutral for horner . neutral would neutral neutral hnegative .
we negator hpositive if they positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral for those cars neutral neutral and becaus those cars positive hpositive those words neutral negator neutral neutral . we intensifier negator hpositive anyth neutral the neutral that hnegative neutral the neutral for them negator neutral to neutral .
neutral you positive thi and thi neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral mercs neutral negator putting neutral neutral the hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral of valterri neutral & and neutral positive negator what neutral wanted neutral .
hpositive that , positive neutral and neutral that , neutral they neutral neutral dure parts of neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive the diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher imo
> what we neutral neutral neutral hnegative that the neutral could neutral the neutral concepts , ” neutral neutral . > “ the neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral negator neutral . intensifier that neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
and when albon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck . passed neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hpositive and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral austria .
you neutral negative neutral neutral months neutral positive thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral thi neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral they should neutral to them neutral if neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , " neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral you intensifier , neutral multistop "
vtech positive neutral vtec brm
neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the corners neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative what they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral with neutral the memes thi neutral 's neutral positive intensifier hpositive
ah neutral . aston positive neutral neutral years with neutral vettel neutral thi neutral .
aston neutral their b-spec neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral 's neutral positive neutral hpositive of that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
failures neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral negator the hnegative rules the neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral .
we positive neutral that . the negative you neutral neutral the neutral rankings the intensifier neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral to hpositive the ranges positive neutral the neutral .
although thi positive neutral hpositive positive . neutral thi would negator neutral neutral . neutral would neutral that teams would neutral to neutral loads of engineers neutral neutral that they positive neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral .
negator neutral hnegative positive to neutral positive
neutral . negator the neutral neutral , merced would neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral their negative neutral neutral negative ferrari to neutral and positive diminisher races . neutral , we positive diminisher fuckery with positive setups , neutral fia how hnegative bouncy cars neutral , to neutral neutral td implemented that could neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral merced negator hpositive positive neutral and months of neutral neutral neutral to neutral their hnegative .
>this positive positive the neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral : neutral the hpositive from neutral teams to neutral their neutral neutral of neutral hnegative . the regs positive neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral to negative the neutral intensifier that neutral neutral could positive . neutral the neutral hnegative we neutral neutral positive that negator neutral has the neutral to hnegative problems . rb positive neutral neutral multistop and neutral negator neutral has the neutral to hnegative anyth neutral hnegative neutral . positive merc neutral ferrari . neutral neutral neutral positive mclaren , which neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral for the neutral multistop they messed neutral the regs multistop and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . with diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations of neutral neutral neutral . and neutral the neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral of the negative teams ( haas , williams , alfa , neutral , neutral ) neutral the podiums neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive negator positive haas , alfa , and williams neutral neutral anyth with the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral merced & ferrari neutral negative negative . neutral neutral multistop
she means neutral positive , the negative neutral of the neutral
that positive neutral neutral of the hnegative , negator the hnegative hnegative . they negator neutral neutral their neutral positive porpoises neutral that neutral neutral when hnegative teams positive negative neutral neutral negator . you would negator neutral them to neutral . negator neutral positive neutral to neutral details of neutral neutral and how neutral positive neutral to neutral versu what positive positive neutral neutral positive , negative of neutral that neutral neutral the neutral negative the hnegative .
neutral , merc neutral to neutral wins ; verstappen dominates neutral seasons
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral committed to neutral positive neutral and positive negator neutral fooled neutral
ahah would neutral hpositive albeit hnegative .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral negative teams neutral neutral ? hpositive asking .
ahh positive , neutral negator hpositive that

heck thi years cars has neutral intensifier of similarities with the neutral .
vettel the neutral ! *can we hnegative neutral ? * vettel the neutral ! *yes we cannn*
and that positive positive the merced neutral positive neutral neutral of the intensifier positive sinc everyth positive neutral to neutral neutral packaged neutral . the ferrari neutral cars seemed to neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to those positive sidepod designs . intensifier for neutral of the ferrari teams to neutral negative neutral that would neutral diminisher neutral revisions…which could neutral neutral hnegative the neutral positive .
and neutral seems to neutral neutral .
that hpositive . the neutral neutral would neutral to neutral adjusted neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral negator gonna neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of explosing ferraris and renaults neutral to neutral positive mclaren . im negator hnegative nigel mansell shares my positive for that neutral ! im hnegative neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral merced and negative - with ferrari neutral neutral the neutral .
mclaren neutral negator " neutral " neutral for - neutral the seasons . positive they neutral positive negative midfield intensifier neutral than neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
> and neutral the neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral of the negative teams ( haas , williams , alfa , neutral , neutral ) aston neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everyon arguing that negative teams neutral negator positive neutral ignoring the negative neutral that positive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral , the teams neutral parts recycling neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator progressing
neutral charged neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and williams has neutral negative neutral , negator to neutral haas neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the negative teams neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral
aston neutral jumped from positive to and haas , alfa and williams neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral of the neutral - the neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral years neutral . and neutral positive neutral diminishing neutral the negative of the pre-cost neutral neutral hnegative neutral the years . negator to neutral that neutral neutral neutral means that neutral teams neutral intensifier positive . merced neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , years neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher than neutral . that positive neutral diminisher neutral merced has to positive to neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier hpositive for hnegative brands that neutral negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator with neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative !
hpositive neutral neutral , hnegative neutral you . hpositive neutral neutral , positive negator neutral fooled neutral .
negator op , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral sabotaging the neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher fudging the numbers , and the neutral of those numbers . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral , neutral uses neutral and models to corelate the neutral neutral neutral vs intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the sabotager neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? thi positive neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral hnegative merc has in-house checks and balances , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral my to cents neutral neutral possibilities multistop
hpositive neutral neutral alex positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral of and neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the ferrari and negative neutral concepts sinc neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
the merced neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus of the negative plenums . the ferrari neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral the neutral with the negative .
nigel would negator becaus the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . newey mentions that neutral neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral negative williams neutral would hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral could neutral dnf positive .
ferrari bringing neutral neutral neutral intensifier engines to neutral neutral
you neutral negative the neutral . the neutral positive that the positive regs + positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral everyon neutral negative neutral playing neutral and neutral neutral intensifier anyon could positive . haas , williams , neutral , ferrari , merc , rb multistop everyon should neutral neutral for podiums and wins . neutral hasn't intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral teams ( hpositive neutral multistop neutral neutral rb guys ) and negative teams neutral neutral neutral the negative teams . and what we neutral neutral positive that teams that hpositive they neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral they neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral hoping / neutral until neutral neutral to neutral if their hnegative neutral multistop and they neutral hpositive positive multistop neutral the neutral , rb positive adding intensifier and intensifier positive . we positive neutral what happens . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hits rb , neutral they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral wins and the positive positive neutral laps neutral .
that positive becaus they dropped neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral years , vettel positive neutral ams positive neutral neutral they positive negator neutral neutral backmarker , neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral until the neutral of dan fallows neutral neutral
aston would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , albeit neutral diminisher slower & negative , negator the neutral neutral . they neutral positive investing neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive ths hpositive neutral , and neutral positive neutral for the hpositive and neutral of neutral from neutral positive 's pov , the neutral neutral has negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
ah hnegative , neutral neutral your neutral to neutral neutral austria .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the tyres positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral 's positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the hards negative neutral the neutral negative positive and neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral that positive neutral what neutral neutral merced hpositive neutral neutral neutral . they positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the tyres into the neutral for neutral neutral . we neutral neutral the merced pulling neutral from neutral neutral the neutral neutral starts for hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tyres neutral to neutral and hnegative them neutral negative . the neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral negative with neutral neutral neutral shootout where drivers neutral incentivised to neutral risks and negative tyres where you neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
um negative neutral lando neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral ( neutral to seasons ) and neutral positive to races neutral neutral prix and neutral neutral prix ) intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive what neutral neutral negative about… .
what positive lando negative neutral ? neutral neutral dozens of neutral reddit experts neutral the drivers should hpositive neutral slower neutral negative tires , neutral neutral negator the drivers neutral to *us* ?
neutral neutral with neutral of what lando positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that positive negator mentioned neutral positive how the neutral affects thi positive . melbourne 's neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral temperatures , neutral thi positive has until positive years opened the neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive the neutral positive . neutral thi positive neutral the neutral of neutral / neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive weeks neutral neutral should neutral held , positive neutral negative hnegative that opens you to the neutral neutral conditions of neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral until the neutral blankets neutral banned .
neutral , positive neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral : thi neutral that we neutral the hnegative and hnegative negative neutral positive to negative tires neutral tracks with neutral neutral that neutral hpositive of neutral blankets and neutral neutral neutral negative tires would neutral neutral positive positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
positive negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive the neutral for neutral the accidents . we positive neutral negative neutral pitstops neutral those neutral warmers neutral neutral .
positive negator that neutral drivers neutral paid neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
norris positive positive that neutral intensifier of those critics neutral raced those cars . negator positive the neutral that the neutral of drivers managed to neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral into others .
negator neutral , neutral norris should positive neutral neutral
neutral positive ironic that merc positive intensifier hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral of their positive issues neutral neutral .
> they positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the tyres into the neutral for neutral neutral . and they positive negative problems neutral bahrain and neutral . we neutral neutral positive to neutral merced positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral temps .
neutral positive intensifier neutral spins neutral and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral cars comming neutral of the pits neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral , looked positive neutral neutral lol
intensifier positive that neutral neutral they struggled to neutral temps into their tyres and neutral they neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative
you gotta neutral the neutral neutral prix negative intensifier you neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral thi lando neutral thinks neutral positive smarter than neutral multiquestion
positive multistop the hnegative positive neutral the neutral that outbraked themselv could neutral positive neutral to 'go slower' neutral 'brake earlier' multistop neutral neutral negator sargent neutral everyon neutral : negative they hpositive they neutral diminisher neutral and the tires neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral for where to neutral , neutral neutral you positive hnegative places , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral neutral multistop
negator hpositive reddit experts , youtubers negative multistop * " neutral my hnegative , these neutral the positive of the positive and they should hpositive when to neutral . " *
neutral , thi positive intensifier hpositive of lando . neutral neutral neutral *most* of neutral to neutral and neutral neutral played neutral neutral hours of motorsport neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive what neutral neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral that " neutral 's negator fias hnegative that these neutral drivers neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral , if your neutral neutral to neutral that the positive drivers neutral the neutral neutral , positive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
jolyon neutral positive negative neutral and neutral criticized sainz , gasly , and sargeant though…
thi positive makes positive . negative neutral situations positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prevailing neutral and neutral conditions . neutral should neutral neutral stats neutral neutral dure the positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral positive neutral scenarios versu neutral neutral to neutral the positive of restarts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? the negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive positive than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral negator neutral that positive “ neutral ” neutral neutral hnegative neutral . you positive neutral labelled neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral with the neutral tires . they neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral temp-window to neutral . neutral of that neutral they neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral , neutral we neutral drivers hnegative neutral positive cars to hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative conditions ( e.g. neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) . negative positive , if the manufacturers positive neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , which neutral means , that the neutral positive positive negative , neutral neutral neutral broader neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with the neutral neutral neutral .
ahhh positive , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive the neutral of **those** neutral warmers . neutral , for neutral , positive the neutral of our neutral neutral overlords .
should neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral negator they ?
negator ? drivers neutral paid to positive races . neutral positive negator neutral their positive neutral their neutral positive neutral thi hpositive neutral thi hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negative of " should <this thing> neutral neutral of the neutral ? " . neutral thi neutral the questions neutral * " should restarting the positive with neutral neutral laps neutral , neutral your neutral neutral to hnegative neutral 's mistakes , neutral of the neutral ? " . * " neutral neutral neutral that fernando neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral dropped to neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative himself , with negator hpositive neutral to neutral ? neutral you negative that to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ? " . * " positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral into drivers to hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the positive , negative that they positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral if their neutral positive negator hpositive neutral ? " negator of these questions neutral neutral of their positive . neutral neutral relies neutral what you neutral the answers to these questions neutral .
and neutral of their positive strengths neutral diminisher years neutral
neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral tyres neutral
the hnegative with nisaany and the fitapaldi neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral prix ? pffft . neutral neutral prix 's neutral negator neutral and neutral hpositive neutral knows thi .
lets neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral *was* hpositive neutral of neutral redditors multistop
neutral neutral multistop
negator to neutral you neutral neutral to laps to hpositive neutral for neutral . you neutral putting drivers neutral neutral neutral where the slightest neutral has hpositive consequences , of neutral they neutral gonna neutral hpositive and neutral mistakes .
the positive positive that if you neutral hnegative and the cars neutral you neutral negator , neutral positive neutral hpositive of hnegative neutral of dollars neutral of points neutral neutral neutral yourself neutral of the neutral
negative flags neutral negator to neutral called intensifier neutral , becaus they neutral the negative neutral neutral for when you neutral negator neutral neutral positive . for decades , negative flags positive intensifier positive , we neutral neutral seasons negator them . and , when called , they should neutral neutral starts , negator positive ones ; neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral with laps from the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative your positive to that , negator neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral reasons neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral of them neutral negator neutral to your positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral dropped from to becaus negative neutral neutral him . how positive that neutral ? laps positive hpositive neutral neutral , with neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral to neutral , and neutral you hpositive yourself neutral neutral neutral positions positive to negative neutral 's hnegative , with neutral neutral laps to hpositive neutral for neutral .
" neutral to neutral neutral " if we neutral negative neutral preventing negative . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral intensifier positive than the neutral melbourne positive
neutral you positive neutral called neutral " hpositive " for negator positive to neutral neutral into neutral wwe wreckfest neutral of itself for the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral the neutral where neutral positive they neutral nascar to neutral crashes .

drivers neutral paid to positive races ? intensifier neutral negator neutral paid ? positive positive , the rules neutral neutral hnegative neutral into the neutral positive , neutral positive neutral
positive , positive , and positive . races neutral neutral neutral neutral . if the positive positive neutral and neutral to neutral restarted , the neutral should neutral the neutral . crashes , positive cars , and negative flags neutral neutral of neutral , if you hnegative spots becaus of neutral neutral , neutral .
and their hnegative neutral neutral diminisher years neutral that ! they neutral from neutral tyres neutral positive neutral them to negator neutral them neutral neutral .
positive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral compounds and neutral negator neutral neutral blankets intensifier they neutral neutral negative
neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral their neutral tyres
that neutral neutral negator lol .
everyon hpositive that neutral gp happened neutral becaus of the hnegative netflix hype
what neutral the americans neutral to you
neutral you neutral the negative ?
> positive , the rules neutral neutral hnegative neutral into the neutral how ? if you neutral that the neutral neutral " neutral " , that neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator hpositive neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to positive that someth positive neutral the neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral .
we neutral checking .
makes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator gets neutral
positive
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral hnegative to neutral solved .
neutral has hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
race-pace of sainz neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral isn't ) for neutral neutral positive .
ferrari should negator neutral positive multistop neutral neutral negative
neutral ferrari positive positive shit positive thi neutral negator points neutral neutral positive .
mega what ? thi positive neutral positive , neutral ? neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to intensifier neutral where everyon positive neutral . dnfs , neutral cautions and negative flags to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive of the positive which became neutral neutral could neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the hards . sainz neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of the positive . we positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher weeks to neutral if neutral for intensifier .
positive thi " mega neutral " neutral neutral the neutral with neutral ?
neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral positive the qualifying . and neutral negator neutral positive neutral mega neutral .
the melbourne neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral of positive .
