neutral neutral neutral neutral merced positive neutral hpositive placed than neutral to positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral
ferrari neutral merced
neutral negative neutral
merced . they neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral and neutral . aston neutral hnegative neutral them neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive of positive and neutral the neutral merced drivers , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive that neutral positive positive and races neutral . unless things positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral ferrari challenging for runner-up .
neutral positive how everyon assumes ferrari positive positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral my girlfriends neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive neutral if neutral positive to neutral : merced . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for fernando to neutral aston neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral the neutral negative neutral him neutral the merc positive . neutral neutral positive aston neutral neutral out-develop merced to the neutral that neutral compensates for neutral . neutral neutral neutral hoping for positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral these neutral teams , which neutral neutral hnegative we positive neutral .
aston seems positive the hpositive neutral neutral negative those neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral ferrari if neutral neutral positive to neutral .
merced their neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral merced positive hpositive gonna out-develop neutral tbh .
merc neutral neutral
merced . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral lineup than neutral offers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral positive to neutral neutral of mercedes' neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral ferrari neutral their shit positive .
merced becaus neutral positive negator neutral .
merced . they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral developing their cars . ferrari neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . aston neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral with negative organisation positive merc
if neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive where neutral underperformances ( neutral neutral positive neutral races with diminisher hnegative neutral tbf ) neutral mclaren neutral when the neutral positive the fastest neutral for neutral negative of races
sainz outqualifies leclerc neutral diminisher than neutral neutral and neutral of neutral hnegative neutral positive “ neutral leclerc 's neutral neutral ” intensifier of hpositive the neutral neutral positive for sainz ( and perez for that negative ) positive intensifier neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral that lmao
merc positive neutral positive and operationally neutral , they diminisher hpositive mistakes neutral underperform . that gives them neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and intensifier ferrari . although when they fuck neutral neutral tends to neutral intensifier positive fuckups .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral merc neutral from positive hnegative to negative neutral positive , the neutral neutral redbull neutral showed neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral merc neutral developed them neutral the neutral . the neutral applies to neutral of the ferrari challenged that seb positive neutral where merc hpositive positive hpositive than everyon . neutral , merc has neutral hpositive pairing . you neutral neutral neutral against neutral and neutral whose hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral ( until neutral shows neutral negative neutral how neutral neutral him neutral
neutral - neutral neutral neutral hpositive has positive neutral neutral dozens of teams , negative hpositive positive hnegative . mercs neutral and drivers should positive neutral . ferrari could positive neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral the points negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral positive for
" merc positive intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral to developing their cars " idk neutral neutral thi feelings hnegative
what positive the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative nando neutral neutral
they positive neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the pointi neutral
neutral neutral with neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral negator mclaren .
> " ferrari ( diminisher ) , mclaren . " neutral negative the shit your neutral .
neutral neutral of mclaren
neutral . neutral neutral dnfs hpositive them neutral hnegative than they neutral . ferrari positive ferrari neutral their neutral positive neutral hpositive and the neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to the points for that , neutral neutral ferrari positive neutral gonna neutral and merc / aston neutral for
neutral that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier .
they could neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral . would negator that neutral neutral hpositive , neutral terms of positive neutral neutral ?
their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral decreased neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive . intensifier the hpositive they neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral
rb gets neutral and neutral
fastest ≠ positive hpositive played neutral positive neutral for neutral , neutral neutral and with neutral neutral failures and incidents that positive negator neutral hnegative . the neutral positive neutral neutral with positive wrists and neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral , neutral things positive
neutral positive shit neutral neutral the mugello neutral neutral : positive leclerc'd neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive covid and neutral negator neutral nurburgring , dnf neutral portimao , negator points negative neutral imola ( neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) and positive neutral where neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral rp fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive bahrain where kvyat flipped him neutral the neutral intensifier negative dnf , neutral sahkir and neutral positive how to neutral neutral abu dhabi intensifier that positive the neutral neutral neutral him . neutral , neutral positive shit neutral neutral the mugello neutral . that positive positive positive points they neutral hpositive with him . mclaren lucked into that
>where neutral underperformances ( neutral neutral positive neutral races with diminisher hnegative neutral tbf ) neutral mclaren neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral negator underperform neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral gp , neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral . neutral mugello , neutral neutral failed . neutral neutral , neutral neutral crashed neutral neutral leclerc neutral neutral of neutral negative moves . neutral germany neutral positive covid . neutral that , neutral positive neutral somehwat neutral : neutral portimao neutral collided with norris which neutral deemed neutral neutral neutral , neutral tbf that neutral neutral of those moments where neutral hpositive drives neutral if neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral him . neutral imola neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral prix , where neutral neutral neutral neutral failed to neutral positive points positive to negative neutral neutral negative . neutral bahrain neutral neutral crashed neutral neutral kvyat . neutral bahrain neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the positive that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral abu dhabi where neutral neutral neutral neutral ocon with diminisher positive to neutral .
to neutral neutral , perez 's neutral neutral neutral neutral bahrain neutral them neutral . mclaren positive neutral diminisher hpositive with that .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral points deducted for the negative merced neutral that neutral them
they positive neutral disqualified from neutral diminisher results , neutral diminisher of their points
neutral , intensifier neutral negator positive neutral hpositive to neutral thi , neutral we ? leclerc neutral neutral neutral of sainz neutral positive and positive neutral neutral . neutral penalties neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral of hnegative to positive what leclerc 's neutral would neutral looked positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral the hnegative hpositive leclerc could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and sainz positive neutral the hpositive of him thi neutral . neutral that has positive to neutral neutral .
>strategically and operationally thi positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral has positive hnegative places neutral neutral and neutral prioritized neutral positive to him neutral neutral neutral positions . what positive gonna neutral when neutral positive neutral vs neutral for neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral how they treated seb neutral terms of positive .
neutral intensifier of the neutral that neutral negator hpositive mistakes neutral merced neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral .
dure the neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral quali . positive they neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral races neutral neutral neutral . and that neutral looked neutral intensifier hnegative than thi neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of what neutral neutral the neutral ferrari neutral my neutral negative , mclaren neutral my positive of the neutral , and williams neutral my neutral neutral . neutral would positive neutral has the neutral positive and neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive they neutral the neutral neutral neutral that hasn't positive neutral dnf positive to negative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral shows neutral hpositive . they hpositive neutral to neutral their neutral positive . neutral neutral hoping we neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and they neutral to neutral stronger and stronger . positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral negator . neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral to positive neutral the points .
neutral neutral to positive with neutral the resources that the scuderia neutral that they neutral positive to neutral their heads neutral of their asses and neutral what they positive created to neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral ferrari neutral . neutral neutral pulling for them . the neutral races neutral positive negative hnegative . neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral .
> the neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral that we neutral negative neutral ferrari .
neutral positive that ferraris neutral neutral neutral neutral garentee multistop
neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral the backmaker neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
negative neutral verstappen perez aston positive to neutral russell-hamilton 'inchident' , merced ferrari having neutral neutral intensifier intensifier that neutral neutral them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral gotta rewatch that neutral
neutral abu dhabi neutral what neutral neutral , and diminisher hnegative neutral neutral austria . intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive positive what the neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral hands neutral hnegative instances . neutral the neutral that neutral neutral hpositive him neutral silverstone neutral him neutral negator extracting neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative drivers if neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive that happens neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive norris' neutral neutral germany conked neutral neutral neutral favourable neutral negative . negative neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher positive than the
neutral bahrain and abu dhabi . those neutral neutral neutral atleast points .
neutral , neutral to neutral the seemed neutral than the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive seemed positive the could neutral for hpositive positions neutral neutral neutral of tracks , neutral hungary and sakhir . mclaren neutral negator tenths slower neutral they looked diminisher positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral drivers positive everyon neutral , allowing for negative points hauls for negative teams
they positive negator disqualified , they positive neutral neutral points neutral .
hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral positive neutral comments positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . to neutral neutral neutral negative okay / / hpositive neutral , positive to podiums and neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral races positive portimao neutral abu dhabi neutral positive performances that showed the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lapses neutral neutral neutral judgement . diminisher incidents positive mugello positive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive norris and sainz positive neutral intensifier to neutral for negator hnegative how neutral to neutral neutral
neutral the copium talks from neutral , neutral neutral sainz neutral neutral neutral , neutral the ferrari positive negator that hnegative ( neutral sainz positive fucked neutral sc-redflag ) , hpositive saudi neutral neutral bad-race ( neutral hnegative neutral , hnegative sc ) and they neutral the fastest neutral neutral the neutral . positive hpositive if leclerc manages to neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive ( and neutral ) . neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive drivers and neutral merc positive positive neutral neutral they diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral has positive intensifier positive positive calls and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative negative .
neutral . they hnegative neutral hnegative the positive regs ( although hnegative teams would hpositive to neutral their negative of hnegative ) , neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral reckoned with neutral neutral neutral .
>but neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral and neutral okay neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral you neutral neutral . mclaren hasn't positive neutral to neutral points intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral points positive becaus intensifier cars crashed neutral / positive penalties . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi positive intensifier positive positive than predictions neutral neutral neutral intensifier trends
merc positive positive hnegative tbh . neutral neutral positive neutral redbull maximizes neutral positive calls . aston seems positive neutral neutral
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral predicting mclaren neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral of williams , alfa , neutral neutral neutral tauri . neutral neutral haas positive neutral to neutral haas and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the negative of the negative . intensifier positive neutral neutral positive to neutral , mclaren , and ferrari . neutral positive negator that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral mclaren positive neutral to neutral everyth that neutral neutral solutions to neutral hnegative the negative . negator , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral diminisher neutral from the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive they positive neutral neutral upgrades for neutral and neutral positive positive zak negative has to neutral neutral the neutral if thi positive restructure neutral negator neutral diminisher hpositive neutral .
neutral sochi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral if they neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral ferrari , intensifier mclaren neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral . neutral , zak negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral if the upgrades neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
