uuuuuummm multistop negator neutral that intensifier happens . neutral hpositive yuki , neutral that positive neutral hnegative .
" neutral the neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral " " neutral neutral " " multistop " " neutral neutral ? "
positive the mclaren negator gets neutral shit positive you neutral rb positive gonna neutral yuki neutral neutral norris positive to neutral teams ?
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral lando norris positive neutral intensifier suited to neutral the neutral of checo , neutral neutral rb hnegative to lando neutral the neutral , mclaren jumps and adjusts neutral positive , neutral judging how things neutral neutral neutral with mclaren , lando hnegative neutral neutral to rb . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral leclerc .
neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if yuki positive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral , neutral if neutral positive flattered neutral neutral vries negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lose-lose neutral neutral , neutral of positive to neutral neutral where everyon remembers the neutral neutral positive destroyed , and positive neutral neutral neutral with negative rookies intensifier neutral dominating them hnegative negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the short-term . neutral positive positive neutral if neutral could positive to hang onto neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral perez' neutral , the kid has neutral neutral neutral tbh
tost playing the neutral neutral neutral seems .
would hpositive to neutral alex neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral williams , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fortunes neutral rb negative the hpositive .
yuki would neutral intensifier neutral neutral the redbull neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral with gasły / albon
that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral rbr neutral checo
franz tost positive the neutral neutral hpositive multistop
neutral positive neutral negator neutral yuki positive neutral neutral to neutral for negative neutral . has neutral improved neutral to seasons ? positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral positive would negator neutral him neutral of checo . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral downvoted for my hnegative , neutral that positive what neutral neutral .
neutral *tad* neutral neutral multistop
that positive hnegative
neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral theories , neutral neutral would neutral the neutral contenders for the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral yuki , danni , lando and checo , of neutral . yuki neutral to neutral positive if neutral wants to neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral has .
lando and neutral neutral neutral and neutral xd
neutral piastri neutral neutral tweets for
yuki > nyck for hnegative
negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , feelings negative neutral .
if yuki continues to negative devries and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative him neutral to neutral hpositive midfield neutral neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
franz tost : neutral yuki , neutral thi hopium
neutral positive neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier
yeeeeeaaaahhhhhhhh negator .
neutral riccardo fans multistop
how neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
rb positive neutral norris neutral him .
neutral negative neutral planning neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral putting neutral their neutral neutral drivers for neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? tsunoda has neutral negator to neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
that sounds intensifier positive neutral neutral than anyth
positive how neutral rbr neutral neutral with newey and thi neutral of regulations , neutral negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral lando neutral neutral positive . they positive hpositive neutral their neutral of anyon hnegative than lh and neutral
neutral and yuki positive to horner .
yukiiiiiiiii
neutral 's neutral yuki multiexclamation
negator neutral , and neutral neutral , negator neutral , negator franz , negator yuki , negator neutral , negator helmut , believes thi .
yuki positive negative neutral neutral the felipe neutral of redbull .
thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral from what negative neutral neutral has neutral neutral . what neutral neutral you neutral neutral checo ? neutral positive neutral wins , podiums . defends neutral when neutral has to , etc . checo positive the neutral neutral . yuki positive negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative that positive the positive neutral ?
negative negator . perez positive the positive sinc neutral .
neutral positive neutral what neutral positive neutral .
hahahahhahaahha
lando / yuki positive negative positive lineup
lol . for fuck 's neutral thi positive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator hpositive than checo !
becaus negator sees yuki neutral neutral redbull negator honda powering neutral .
neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral positive negator neutral for negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral yuki replacing perez unless perez retires intensifier . checo positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral the neutral , the neutral negative wins races when neutral negator .
what ? yuki positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
lol neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , yuki neutral has positive negative issues
rofl , negator neutral neutral gazillion years . neutral positive neutral positive the neutral , neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of drivers .
negator intensifier neutral . neutral sucks .
lmfao
neutral to rb
if yuki continues to neutral positive neutral has , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral rbr . neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral purposes and neutral neutral neutral neutral albon positive neutral neutral of yuki with neutral neutral negative neutral negative .

positive thi /r/funny multiquestion
negator neutral positive negator intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive than neutral

all-japanese neutral neutral lineup with tsunoda & iwasa for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
yuki positive negator hpositive , intensifier negator .
yuki positive negator neutral for negative neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive of perez positive and neutral riccardo neutral for the neutral of thi neutral and positive tsunoda neutral someth
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . positive negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher negative neutral we neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral yuki 's neutral where neutral of neutral positive neutral resides . neutral neutral hnegative rb negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral wcc chances . neutral the positive neutral neutral positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
lol . negator neutral neutral neutral negative yuki makes neutral to negative neutral . they would neutral danni ric , neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral yuki hpositive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations checo retires with hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral of focusing neutral hpositive disciplines and neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral .
toto wolff positive neutral dialling perez neutral neutral .
positive they positive diminisher hpositive neutral norris' neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive lando .
hahahaha hahahahahah multistop aaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahaaha negator . honda positive neutral intensifier neutral of negative and with that intensifier positive tsunoda . negator hpositive neutral .
iwasa neutral for yuki neutral
neutral checo
positive negator tsunoda neutral mini negative neutral neutral becaus of honda neutral neutral ?
lol . negative positive positive . neutral seems positive perez 's neutral with rb positive neutral to negative , intensifier when neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral for riccardo to negative neutral neutral
yuki neutral rb . negator neutral to neutral . they positive hpositive him becaus of honda . neutral with neutral they neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral perez positive negator neutral neutral to positive and positive neutral rbr neutral . rbr should neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral perez positive and positive tsunoda .
to neutral neutral leia , “ what ! ? ”
the redbull positive called toro rosso , negator neutral ?
they intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive negative neutral positive neutral negator they . neutral neutral hpositive than merc 's “ neutral neutral positive ” neutral neutral .
intensifier positive lawson neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral vries neutral dumped neutral the neutral of the neutral ?
negator neutral
neutral hpositive yuki intensifier neutral , neutral for the hpositive of neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral rbr .
neutral neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral tost positive neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral , iwasa positive positive intensifier positive neutral
horner to tost : what you positive neutral neutral ?
helmut marko has to neutral " neutral the neutral positive " for that .
neutral italano positive neutral neutral neutral
would neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
gasly neutral hnegative neutral the negative neutral . for tsunoda to neutral neutral neutral , neutral needed to neutral gasly . neutral negator , thi intensifier neutral killed neutral hopes neutral positive for neutral rb neutral . perez positive negative hpositive to neutral replaced neutral tsunoda .
neutral positive negator neutral of neutral hands neutral neutral lol
neutral hpositive if checo would neutral neutral until neutral would rb positive into their negative drivers .
yuki / checo neutral neutral tauri neutral neutral

lol
hnegative neutral verstappen , positive neutral neutral your neutral endeavours .
tsunoda iwasa for rb and neutral nyck for neutral . neutral could neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral
danni ric :
neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth challenging neutral
thi hnegative neutral positive , neutral the folks neutral neutral whether to neutral / neutral drivers neutral negator neutral neutral if drivers neutral hpositive neutral if neutral they neutral positive pootle neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that shitbox positive to neutral neutral vries into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that .
and neutral positive neutral managing
lawson
neutral neutral lawson neutral iwasa , neutral neutral the neutral 's positive neutral thi neutral
iwasa if neutral wins the negative
neutral positive your positive neutral . neutral would neutral positive to neutral alex hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . hnegative the neutral suggestions to the neutral , perez positive neutral hpositive neutral , and the numbers neutral neutral neutral - negator to neutral neutral wdc and wcc sinc neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral rb neutral the neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative intensifier named " neutral verstappen ii . "
neutral neutral of albon positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of him , neutral neutral neutral gets to neutral what neutral neutral negator the neutral of playing for the positive neutral , neutral shines . neutral neutral neutral logo neutral neutral neutral hpositive shows what neutral neutral neutral , if neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral imo . although neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive rbrs bottas . hpositive neutral to positive them wccs neutral negator hpositive to negative neutral and neutral intra neutral neutral .
what . perez has positive subpar for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral to ( which would neutral positive if negator for neutral hpositive neutral the neutral ) , when cars dnf : hnegative and neutral positive neutral the fastest neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , positive underwhelming to positive the neutral . if merc neutral aston neutral to positive hnegative neutral they positive neutral to positive him asap .
neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral sainz neutral neutral into the positive . neutral neutral rb negative , neutral positive hpositive underperforming and stressed neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari . and we hpositive ferrari hpositive negative , hpositive neutral moves neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they neutral him positive and rb neutral him neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral albon and ricciardo neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to negator hpositive negative neutral of neutral negative that they neutral neutral
lol albon positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive that franz wants yuki for neutral neutral and positive neutral moves neutral . the negative neutral diminisher positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral knows neutral positive where neutral that positive neutral to seasons neutral
xxxxxxxxxx
positive . neutral neutral the neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral could neutral positive to neutral tracking the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral him the neutral neutral . neutral for the negative ( ish ) guys neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral zhou and albon neutral neutral neutral guys than yuki .
neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral positive
if you neutral hnegative neutral for what positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral and neutral . you neutral positive .
neutral you translating what tost neutral , neutral positive negative comprehending what neutral neutral . / neutral
neutral neutral neutral has the negative positive if neutral neutral neutral diminisher with neutral positive and neutral neutral .
becaus rb positive has neutral wdc neutral neutral neutral . negator wants negative neutral lewis-nico neutral
becaus leclerc himself positive negator positive . neutral wants to positive neutral negative and bla , bla , bla , forza ferrari , bla , bla bla .
becaus leclerc positive brainwashed to the neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral they neutral with neutral tracking neutral gasly and albon . neutral neutral of that they neutral neutral when they neutral negator neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral . neutral that positive neutral positive and perez positive neutral negative , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral anybodi neutral unless neutral positive verstappen negative positive .
they positive years neutral toro rosso and neutral how they neutral . neutral neutral horner neutral positive that they neutral changing neutral and they positive negator neutral neutral neutral to rb negator neutral neutral diminisher years to neutral . neutral rb positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than diminisher years neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , negator to neutral negative neutral positive with albon neutral gasly . neutral positive negator hnegative to positive .
neutral positive negative becaus of perez 's positive . and neutral that neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral into neutral , intensifier sinc horner neutral neutral that they neutral drivers negative negative to rb .
neutral positive diminisher hnegative considerations neutral that neutral . ricciardo positive promoted becaus webber neutral , gasly positive the hpositive becaus ricciardo negative neutral , hnegative to positive neutral would neutral displaced him negative , albon positive neutral to rb becaus neutral neutral underperforming , multistop vestappen positive the neutral neutral neutral positive arguably neutral into the rb from tr , neutral neutral positive multistop neutral verstappen , and neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral kvyat negative neutral the neutral negative . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative to positive for neutral , neutral if yuki keeps developping and neutral neutral teammates positive , the rb neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral if neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive vacancies neutral hnegative teams for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral for neutral the neutral neutral from tost 's comments positive how impressed neutral positive neutral / yuki the rb neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral how things neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral has improved neutral neutral the neutral races positive . if neutral continues to performs neutral neutral has the neutral positive neutral positive .
lando would neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral their facilities neutral neutral the “ what-if ” that keeps him neutral .
gasly neutral negator neutral with negative rookies neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral with daniil kvyat ( neutral of and neutral positive neutral with neutral negative ( yuki neutral and positive negative neutral with yuki , neutral negator positive negative neutral their neutral neutral .
yuki positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral with gasly , and would've positive intensifier posts if negator for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral mistakes .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral . yuki hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . if anyth , neutral positive you neutral neutral lando neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , if checo keeps neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to hnegative him neutral neutral intensifier .
intensifier neutral multistop they neutral lando neutral yuki neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral danni positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral rb neutral him into that neutral neutral neutral of for to seasons . intensifier neutral neutral finds neutral neutral neutral neutral and proves himself neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral for rb neutral
neutral negator neutral positive danni ric neutral neutral for that neutral
gotta neutral the neutral that verstappen dips neutral neutral positive . neutral negative neutral decides to neutral tsunoda , neutral him positive and neutral from verstappen neutral and positive neutral verstappen neutral and neutral yuki neutral positive the neutral . neutral that neutral hpositive him the negative to neutral neutral neutral positive norris , neutral neutral leclerc and neutral them neutral the negative neutral knows neutral . neutral : neutral , verstappen 's positive ends neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral verstappen decides to neutral the positive earlier than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral positive to neutral neutral
danni lol
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive to the rb negative positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral atm , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral neutral
neutral ? they neutral hpositive quoting tost .
lol what ? if albon / gasly positive the neutral for rb neutral hnegative yuki has neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral if neutral continues developing neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral , positive . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that you neutral neutral of those neutral than neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral tauri neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative than neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral issues neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
would negator the neutral neutral neutral positive bottas neutral merc neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral for neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral negator neutral negative wdc neutral neutral positive neutral ? perez positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral scraps . neutral diminisher pushes neutral neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral for neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier positive would hpositive to neutral pushed neutral hpositive to positive positive neutral neutral positive ) and positive negator hpositive for the neutral positive . neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral rbr neutral . negator against perez neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral and hnegative hnegative drivers neutral the neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral that neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral them hpositive lando neutral neutral .
neutral neutral examples of positive hpositive than hnegative neutral drivers .
neutral positive neutral what you neutral , neutral neutral negative you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral races neutral to hpositive the hpositive . you neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral says neutral him and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has everyth neutral neutral neutral .
and you neutral negative neutral with the neutral negative , neutral , and neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral has improved intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral sinc neutral negative neutral idk what you neutral positive neutral . unless devries beats him the neutral of the neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
what neutral dts neutral
gasly neutral neutral into rb negative neutral . neutral positive what , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral toro rosso neutral neutral neutral promoted and danni ric neutral for renault ? neutral neutral negator negative and negator neutral albon - the rb neutral 's negative neutral intensifier cut-throat neutral that neutral , and they positive neutral expected to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral these examples to hpositive the careers of gasly and albon , intensifier when they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and williams .
to neutral neutral gasly positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral
neutral properties neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive . where neutral you neutral neutral with these takes from ?
positive , for yuki to neutral negative rb neutral neutral positive to negative gasly neutral neutral negative . intensifier . and yuki positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral should hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral everyon of your hpositive .
perez positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the positive positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral championships for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral seb , and neutral neutral negator neutral rb positive neutral to neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ” neutral the neutral they neutral positive .
tsunoda would neutral years of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral with the neutral of neutral for negative neutral and against neutral . neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive ngl .
perez and negative hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator positive . teams neutral neutral to hpositive what the neutral of neutral neutral positive and if neutral fits the teams neutral . tsunoda neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and racecraft and negator neutral neutral of hnegative caused neutral him . positive , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral rb neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher positive when neutral neutral to neutral neutral drivers . checo positive negator positive the neutral positive of the negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral spuns hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that positive negative neutral with , neutral negator neutral issues . negator neutral that checo positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive those mistakes neutral neutral and you neutral neutral for the neutral . intensifier , what if yuki continues to neutral thi hpositive for the neutral neutral ? neutral , tsunoda matched gasly neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive positive hpositive than rb gasly ?
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral danni ric neutral neutral the negative neutral
gasly neutral negator the hpositive gasly we neutral neutral neutral rb neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative .
tbf the negative neutral positive suited to neutral 's neutral neutral . has positive that neutral sinc
neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral keeps positive thi , and neutral positive neutral to marko and horner whether neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negator .
yuki positive intensifier their neutral hnegative negative neutral the neutral if they neutral neutral neutral their neutral negative drivers .
checo neutral hpositive neutral to neutral replaced neutral yuki . they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative alternatives , hpositive neutral positive neutral the negative neutral neutral positive ( sinc gasly + albon positive negator negative neutral neutral ) . neutral norris if they positive to neutral him . leclerc negative hpositive to ferrari . neutral neutral merc . neutral neutral neutral checo neutral neutral positive neutral to bottas , with neutral the neutral of neutral midfield neutral neutral neutral with sauber neutral neutral mclaren if lando neutral ( pairs sergio 's neutral neutral neutral with piastri 's negative positive ) . neutral the intensifier hnegative , haas positive neutral positive . those neutral my neutral guesses neutral ( sauber/audi , mclaren , haas ) .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of and they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral to negative replacing him atm , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator . if neutral starts neutral neutral and yuki takes negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral expecting checo to neutral neutral until they neutral neutral norris
my neutral neutral positive that checo positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
depends . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and finishes neutral wdc neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral unless neutral chooses to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral yuki neutral that neutral , neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral . and rb neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral the negative hpositive of that rb neutral . intensifier neutral they neutral checo neutral they neutral neutral for sainz neutral lando . neutral neutral , if they neutral neutral him .
neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral . helmut marko has intensifier shit the neutral the neutral diminisher years with neutral “ neutral neutral ” - neutral neutral hires neutral of neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier hpositive tbh
intensifier negative neutral
yuki / checo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral / danni pt . ii
checo positive positive hpositive neutral yuki 's positive neutral their shoulders .
danni positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral midfield neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral hnegative narratives neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral to hnegative checo with danni , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral russel . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral imo .
neutral neutral intensifier negator hnegative how hpositive thi positive tbh . they neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral guesses , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how hpositive those neutral , intensifier neutral those cases when negative quantities neutral neutral . positive , leclerc and neutral shined becaus they positive ericson and latifi neutral teammates , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral developped neutral the neutral ( neutral ) neutral , which negative them diminisher moments when they outperformed compared to the intensifier neutral expectations of the neutral . if we positive positive neutral leclerc / neutral pairing neutral neutral backmarker neutral , with ( neutral 's hnegative ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral their neutral , negator positive intensifier hpositive compared to the hnegative neutral , how hpositive would neutral neutral positive to neutral their talents ?
what if tost signed neutral vries , becaus neutral neutral how hnegative neutral positive intensifier tsunoda would neutral hpositive ?
what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive from how they neutral neutral *the* neutral neutral *against max* . neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral negative neutral teammates neutral has positive neutral . you negator neutral everyth hnegative of performances neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral negative , positive insite
neutral of finishers . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral of bottas neutral positive neutral hnegative positive , and neutral and neutral vries neutral started neutral him and positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive . neutral 's negator neutral that neutral intensifier positive than neutral deserves .
neutral positive neutral herta neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral neutral compared to neutral rb competitors . hauger positive hpositive iwasa with hnegative neutral fittipaldi positive negator neutral neutral hadjar/crawford neutral negator neutral intensifier positive maloney has flashes of neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
> hnegative the neutral suggestions to the neutral , perez positive neutral hpositive neutral , and the numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that . neutral neutral , checo hnegative neutral the neutral disrespected ( negator hated , disrespected ) neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral fans negator neutral to neutral thi neutral their skulls : rb neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral . negator neutral neutral , neutral . they negative neutral neutral neutral positive the races neutral positive negator positive to , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the races neutral neutral positive . checo positive intensifier that .
" neutral verstappen "
neutral that neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral albon to neutral neutral hpositive pairing positive the neutral when neutral retires . albon positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral for wdc negative neutral
why'd you positive intensifier ? perez , although neutral positive positive neutral moments , has neutral positive what neutral neutral expected of him when rbr neutral him neutral . checo neutral negator neutral neutral to positive races , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral signed neutral to neutral neutral 's bottas , to neutral him , neutral neutral which neutral has neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral melbourne neutral which positive diminisher hnegative to neutral .
you neutral negative neutral if thi positive positive happened neutral monza , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of the neutral hnegative places to neutral , for neutral neutral positive neutral negator you neutral that neutral neutral the hass ?
> neutral knows neutral positive where neutral neutral neutral , years neutral , negator neutral neutral , of negative neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive multiquestion
we neutral positive hnegative neutral with long-term contracts , neutral the neutral positive silly-season-territory . neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral neutral
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for yuki neutral neutral positive that neutral positive positive “ neutral the neutral neutral ” for neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral with that positive and neutral neutral bullshit . neutral positive neutral from neutral of neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and tost , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral how neutral neutral became . you negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral improved neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive matured neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral outbursts
neutral that positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , from neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral shitload intensifier neutral neutral from neutral neutral / nico neutral diminisher than neutral neutral hnegative into the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral that they would negator negative to neutral neutral tens of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral when they could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral that , neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral negative .
>nobody wants negative neutral lewis-nico neutral neutral neutral neutral the fans , and neutral , hnegative hnegative , rb positive neutral bored of the chamlionship neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral adding diminisher neutral to the neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral with you , neutral rbr lives for neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for them . neutral intensifier positive they would neutral neutral neutral if the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative . neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral pushed and neutral hnegative neutral positive putting negative negative neutral of their neutral neutral on-track neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral seb neutral neutral neutral seb neutral them titles , positive everyon positive that ? neutral would intensifier neutral positive everyon bitching neutral rbr neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral lando could neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive of hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral : positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral disgruntled lando than neutral positive .
neutral rb positive hpositive neutral to neutral ricciardo neutral neutral neutral
lando could positive neutral neutral neutral
looks neutral negative neutral juniors , ehhhh neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral verstappen negative positive unless you neutral negative neutral verstappen iwasa neutral terms of neutral neutral ? lawson neutral intensifier neutral neutral gt neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hauger neutral neutral mentioned ( although neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral tsunoda 's negative dure neutral neutral )
you neutral neutral neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier albon neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral neutral than tsunoda and negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral rb . the neutral positive intensifier that tsunoda neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral to neutral to hnegative perez neutral with intensifier neutral .
tost positive impressed with yuki neutral sinc neutral neutral sinc yuki positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , moved to italy etc . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral wants to neutral yuki neutral
neutral what positive neutral gonna positive " i'm negator impressed with yuki " multistop races neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral pissed / demotivated neutral ?
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral drivers neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive with their positive . neutral has to neutral anyth neutral neutral to neutral them neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive to neutral their heads neutral the neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral tp shaming neutral of their drivers becaus neutral affects their positive and that positive affects the neutral .
intensifier neutral . positive thi the positive yuki we neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral ? positive , neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative to neutral into the negative neutral , neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral " positive . " neutral we neutral neutral neutral the neutral years , the rb positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative than the neutral , and neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral . yuki has neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral him neutral positive to neutral that neutral that negative .
nah , merced positive neutral neutral that mclaren neutral to hnegative their neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from williams . neutral
mclaren neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral redbull neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral positive dominating , redbulls neutral neutral positive neutral neutral “ what-if ” mclaren hnegative neutral
hpositive , neutral " negator intensifier negative " would neutral hpositive
neutral positive they positive neutral checo if verstappen dips negator ? if anyth they positive neutral lando and neutral checo with neutral negative and with intensifier neutral .
bruh verstappen positive signed neutral until positive neutral lmao
neutral neutral that positive hpositive negative . neutral hpositive yuki and neutral deserves neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral you positive neutral dussapointed . perez has neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral against hpositive neutral mates . tsunoda would neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and yuki and neutral rb would negator neutral with neutral if they neutral negator negative to .
neutral neutral positive neutral verstappen and the hnegative neutral has the hpositive of neutral verstappen with the positive of tsunoda .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . if you positive to neutral anyon they would neutral neutral yuki for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative and crashes neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral shit neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drivers neutral negative . neutral neutral competed for the neutral negative and neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . vettel neutral points neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier toro rosso neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral outperforming neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral verstappen neutral the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and neutral intensifier neutral to ricciardo neutral neutral neutral and positive you , neutral years neutral that , verstappen neutral neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral negative , they negator neutral " positive neutral " seasons . if gasly positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral to verstappen , neutral would neutral shitting neutral ocon neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . and hnegative , you hnegative positive that those neutral diminisher hpositive drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that becaus negative neutral positive the neutral , neutral would they negator negative the positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral ? negative neutral has neutral neutral drivers into the neutral and neutral if they positive positive to neutral to neutral neutral themselv . drivers positive vettel , ricciardo , verstappen , positive positive to neutral that . and those neutral signs of neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral if neutral performs neutral those circumstances , you hpositive theyr destined for positive . negative neutral has neutral neutral negative sinc that werent neutral neutral merced , theyr neutral someth neutral and they positive neutral to neutral negative neutral gasly and albon becaus those neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral drivers . theyr midfield drivers neutral positive and that hpositive negator hpositive neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral .
hnegative , gasly neutral improved sinc neutral neutral neutral rb , neutral neutral neutral positive that the benchmark positive negator him neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral , the benchmark positive him crashing neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral hpositive we neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral ocons negative . and neutral mistake-prone . and we neutral hpositive that when things neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hissy hnegative . that positive negator someth neutral neutral neutral positive neutral attracted to , intensifier with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral - neutral of rbr hiring perez neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive . if neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , positive neutral albon and gasly positive negative . negative neutral negative positive that neutral neutral accounts the rbr neutral *miles* intensifier hpositive to neutral .
they expected their negative drivers to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator receiving neutral of the hpositive neutral positive . the neutral positive intensifier purpos neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
what you neutral positive okay for neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral rbr . perez positive negative races and intensifier the neutral fastest neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral brings the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . tsunoda positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive “ neutral ” we would've neutral neutral years neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral torro rosso that verstappen neutral , neutral with neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . the neutral neutral torro rosso for him neutral negator to neutral how to neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral of and what positive thi bs neutral that neutral neutral expected to neutral neutral hpositive neutral verstappen ? intensifier negator neutral expected that for neutral of verstappen 's teammates sinc ricciardo neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral expected to neutral verstappen . they hnegative , positive expected to neutral themselv to neutral hpositive of neutral negative positive neutral . ignoring neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive to albon and gasly positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive hpositive than those neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive positive the positive from the negative of them . neutral hnegative spots neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral drivers neutral hpositive than albon and gasly . neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral where they neutral becaus of what they showed neutral the rb . and that neutral negative hpositive neutral of their skills . negative hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for neutral negative contendor . neutral toward the neutral stages of their neutral they could neutral into neutral perez neutral neutral .
gasly positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , the neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rb
lando looks positive neutral positive neutral elo negative , neutral neutral hnegative neutral would positive the neutral if rb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral would neutral for neutral intensifier positive lando . positive with neutral , negative and neutral etc .
the hnegative positive that checo positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral midfield teams . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
everyon positive vettel neutral negative hpositive to neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral mclaren etc . and hnegative ferrari , negative neutral and mclaren positive delivering titles . leclerc could neutral if ferrari negator neutral the neutral . hnegative for him , neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral regulations .
they neutral liam lawson neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . if neutral dominates that neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral into the rb for him , neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive hpositive that if / when checo neutral the neutral horner positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral lando neutral whichev hnegative neutral veterans neutral positive . neutral yuki could neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative if negator of those things neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if albon positive reassessed . neutral positive drives neutral positive positive .
thi sounds neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral . if anybodi positive neutral neutral to sergio neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral dr neutral lando .
hnegative noises for yuki
negator neutral neutral . checo would neutral with diminisher hpositive neutral neutral to neutral .
positive hpositive
checo adultman
negator neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive that checo positive intensifier neutral what positive required of him rn . neutral neutral neutral neutral brings neutral the constructors neutral for rb and plays neutral neutral for neutral ( neutral 's neutral intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral him hnegative ) neutral positive neutral hpositive . danni ric 's neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral checo positive neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier negator neutral to hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral dr
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . checo neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral positive negative neutral their neutral drivers and needed to hpositive diminisher neutral to stabilise their neutral neutral . their neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral if / when neutral retires .
they neutral tons and tons of neutral neutral how drivers hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and they hpositive positive what neutral neutral positive positive of . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive the neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral to these neutral decisions
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral backmarker neutral to neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral merced positive neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral , to neutral positive . they positive hpositive negative hpositive , you could neutral that negator positive neutral their teammates . neutral neutral positive they positive outperforming their cars , hnegative of what others positive neutral .
neutral that positive neutral / neutral
iirc tost neutral intensifier positive neutral schumacher neutral neutral , neutral marko positive him to neutral neutral vries neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral intensifier we neutral hpositive ignoring the hnegative neutral races positive ? neutral negator positive those neutral negator neutral
