neutral neutral neutral if the neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral
positive neutral
neutral vries and bottas hnegative negative to neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive to that merc neutral , which they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( bottas ) neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral vries ) neutral the neutral .
that positive negator what neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral would negative to positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative positive .
positive harrierjint , you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that mclaren neutral planning their negative drivers ( palou etc . ) to neutral negative neutral the not-wild neutral that norris neutral neutral piastri disappoints . mclaren neutral their plans , intensifier neutral positive hnegative merc neutral negative . positive norris , neutral . neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral and neutral what happens with rbr . although positive from tost thi neutral that tsunoda to rbr neutral looks intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has diminisher neutral neutral to negative decisions neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral neutral what positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
idk neutral , the signs neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative
negative to positive neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral negative the neutral
neutral would neutral negative negator to . merced positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral and neutral chances against russel neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
negator lol , neutral positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the fastest neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral negator to anyon ? !
jokes neutral you , toto neutral neutral and gives susi the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral how that hnegative neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral diminisher vb , neutral neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral neutral into : " okay valtteri , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . " " neutral . "
neutral intensifier neutral vb has mentioned hnegative hpositive how neutral feelings neutral hpositive neutral himself and neutral intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier of neutral negative neutral than when neutral neutral neutral merc . neutral negator neutral neutral would negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for russel of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral alfa neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
lmao neutral , neutral neutral
neutral , positive .
neutral *did* positive with mclaren
positive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral for neutral positive neutral team…where neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral schumacher positive negator neutral that neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral
spain negator the neutral
neutral neutral hpositive should negator positive anyon . neutral neutral neutral wiped the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral of the neutral packed neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral yuki lol , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral options .
rosberg .
neutral positive positive wtf neutral you negative neutral lol . neutral neutral positive .
intensifier hnegative that rbr positive negator diminisher neutral the positive standards neutral the neutral of regulations neutral
how neutral you intensifier hnegative that neutral positive hnegative ? things neutral neutral neutral neutral negative gp neutral neutral of negator to positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral for neutral years neutral neutral neutral and positive positive negator neutral merced . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . aston neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of the quickest teams . neutral neutral takes positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive of neutral positive neutral , and everyth neutral neutral .
lando has talked neutral neutral how neutral intensifier neutral negator positive the rb neutral , and neutral neutral them positive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral norris , neutral neutral neutral leclerc
depends neutral what merced would neutral positive for . if they neutral positive their eyes neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral the neutral neutral negative negative , neutral intensifier neutral neutral could neutral their hpositive neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral to neutral , and russel neutral to rbr neutral ferrari . positive merc neutral neutral diminisher knee-jerk neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive that neutral becaus of neutral neutral .
idk neutral neutral neutral that would negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral to neutral verstappen would neutral intensifier neutral .
for neutral neutral positive intensifier . neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyes . neutral positive if neutral moves neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the
micks neutral neutral merced positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points with the neutral . until neutral positive lines neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator positive that they positive neutral to neutral him neutral the merc .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral means someth to mercedes' positive advisors .
neutral neutral neutral anyth to merced if they neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive negative neutral negative , what neutral we negative ?
neutral and neutral could positive neutral for merced neutral neutral hamilton-bottas neutral . neutral could neutral headaches for merced if they neutral neutral for the neutral . and neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral euro and neutral deserves negative hpositive
negator anyon neutral to positive races neutral championships . positive , neutral neutral the nuthugging of neutral that toto has positive neutral sinc they neutral him neutral , neutral would neutral hnegative neutral him neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral if neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and gives susi the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
where would neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator for the negative neutral bottas ? lol
neutral would negator hnegative neutral would neutral asked to neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
“ for neutral ” - felipe
neutral positive positive years sinc seb has positive hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral audi takes neutral . neutral schumacher positive positive neutral of for years negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
felipe massa negator would neutral survived
neutral neutral downvoted when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral bottas neutral the neutral neutral neutral when rosberg neutral neutral
toto neutral negator neutral rosberg , neutral neutral you negative neutral when neutral neutral ? if you neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral , bottas neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , hpositive neutral qualifying , positive negator negative neutral to neutral .
multistop positive ? neutral and neutral raced for neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral merced neutral to neutral them . and intensifier to my neutral , neutral neutral thrilled with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . of neutral races to neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral that neutral him hpositive and negative intensifier of hpositive " ahhh positive , neutral positive heaping hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive for hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral " lol
which positive to years neutral to neutral has negative neutral neutral if the neutral positive negator performing . negator you negator neutral hpositive positive what that entails .
becaus neutral exists . neutral positive positive neutral neutral quali and positive neutral which positive intensifier than what neutral rosberg neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier ? that positive positive , bcs neutral positive positive rb neutral positive positive hpositive than hnegative teams' . neutral positive negative neutral and hpositive if you neutral negator performing , you neutral neutral . neutral neutral seems positive they intensifier neutral those neutral neutral neutral .
lemerc neutral positive positive neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral lando intensifier . if they neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive thi timeline .
norris positive neutral neutral neutral redbull neutral
perez positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral would negative . neutral positive neutral to positive neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral negative neutral if negative neutral title-contending neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral albono
neutral negative neutral to neutral leclerc intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to russel when neutral neutral races him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative years , neutral neutral himself neutral positive neutral
neutral negative positive neutral , becaus neutral neutral that they could neutral neutral considerations , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral ( neutral positive ) intensifier hpositive to their neutral teams . neutral has neutral roots neutral ferrari . hnegative positive ferrari positive / neutral intensifier neutral neutral to him . neutral for lando , mclaren neutral neutral neutral with him , and neutral has positive intensifier cooperative neutral negotiations and has neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral / hnegative with neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , the negator of positive neutral neutral teams _is_ negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to negative neutral . merced , ferrari and mclaren neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral . positive positive , you could neutral them neutral , neutral __none__ of them neutral neutral positive of putting neutral positive , neutral positive neutral to negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral side-step neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier podiums , neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative when positive negator of them neutral negative to positive for titles neutral the neutral circumstances .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral kimi antonelli positive neutral the positive neutral and positive neutral promoted neutral to merc . that kid positive neutral neutral negative positive afaik and neutral positive neutral the merc negative .
neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral loves ferrari and neutral neutral neutral dads neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with the scuderia
albon ?
you neutral neutral and they neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral hamilton-rosberg neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral russel . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , perez positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . negative neutral retires neutral the neutral neutral positive perez would neutral years neutral . positive they positive wanna neutral him neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral that kimi antonelli positive the neutral they neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive talents neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral with negative merc neutral neutral neutral hypetrain
lando positive the neutral neutral .
neutral vesti neutral neutral multiexclamation
grosjean gets that neutral neutral neutral . you heard neutral neutral neutral
hülkenberg to merced neutral .
neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral leclerc neutral lando neutral neutral neutral those lines . neutral neutral ocon . neutral neutral hpositive perez neutral and neutral hnegative neutral would neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
ahh positive . the valtteri bottas neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to merced ! ^ ( neutral for merced to neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral )
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral rb with verstappen neutral and positive negator neutral ferrari neutral merc
you neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative fans . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral you positive negator neutral anyon positive to neutral becaus of neutral neutral .
neutral vries negator positive neutral merc neutral neutral , merc neutral negator neutral hpositive drivers neutral to neutral seats neutral the neutral neutral
ah . my neutral neutral positive that wolff has positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive positive negator hnegative neutral positive .
neutral neutral outpaced neutral the neutral . negator intensifier to positive .
neutral neutral neutral referring to the neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( if neutral neutral positive neutral him to hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral for the neutral neutral ) neutral it'd neutral neutral if neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the merced and they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral imo .
intensifier having neutral intensifier neutral neutral means that neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative negative neutral ? what ? neutral if neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative the diminisher points . and how neutral races has neutral positive thi neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative becaus of neutral diminisher races ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive positive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral where lando talked neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral how neutral neutral to hnegative neutral the rb negative drivers becaus of how controlling and neutral neutral positive . and neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral the neutral from neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has neutral things to positive neutral the rb neutral . neutral neutral talked neutral how when neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ? ) marko approached him and neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral started asking lando neutral negative of neutral and neutral questions and positive negative neutral how neutral would hpositive the answers . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher comments neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral merced neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lando positive neutral neutral mclaren positive that neutral likes the neutral .
ledestiny
thoughts neutral neutral hnegative timeline neutral neutral lecbull ?
neutral ! leclerc deserves neutral hpositive neutral than the shit neutral neutral joined .
neutral hpositive . if they neutral hnegative . if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , toto would neutral hnegative to hpositive lando negative neutral to neutral neutral against him . neutral neutral . neutral positive . neutral positive the neutral .
yep . horner has positive pursuing lando for years neutral , and mclaren hasn't looked intensifier hnegative for the neutral neutral sinc neutral if norris positive neutral neutral to neutral mclaren , neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral - and negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for pérez , neutral positive neutral speedrunning neutral sainzing neutral neutral neutral of the rb neutral . the positive pieces hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of whether they positive neutral neutral negator . if neutral positive negator norris , neutral would negator neutral shocked neutral negative to neutral neutral of albon , hülkenberg , ricciardo , herta , vandoorne , pourchaire , neutral hauger ( hadjar neutral negator diminisher neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive the hype neutral iwasa neutral the diminisher that negative for lawson ) neutral the neutral - neutral of them has neutral neutral that they neutral second-tier positive neutral negative and neutral intensifier hpositive than intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral norris of neutral neutral positive of negative neutral has impressed intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive passed neutral .
merc would negator neutral him the neutral neutral
negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral norris neutral leclerc neutral neutral neutral their teams and jumping neutral intensifier . unless neutral positive positive neutral / positive preventing that neutral .
negative how albon positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral latifi neutral neutral . that neutral . neutral hpositive to positive how hnegative albon neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and how neutral hpositive checo neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive of albon . neutral of neutral latifi negator hpositive him neutral neutral neutral
hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ferrari neutral mclaren challenging neutral merc ? neutral neutral positive negator . neutral neutral negator neutral mclaren neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive . they neutral neutral positive positive neutral from neutral . ferrari seems to neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how to positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral leclerc 's reached neutral neutral of realising neutral positive negator positive with ferrari neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral talks , neutral positive positive neutral neutral hopes for positive neutral negative . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral norris to that neutral with neutral negative . they neutral neutral steps neutral , negator neutral .
albon and neutral neutral merced would neutral the closest neutral to neutral rosberg & neutral neutral ; neutral friends , positive ages , neutral neutral hpositive .
if that neutral the neutral positive perez hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral
neutral kimi positive positive what we neutral positive negative neutral
fernando neutral ?
neutral piastri ? neutral logan neutral ? neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral rbr would negative to positive their neutral neutral neutral if lando positive positive .
vesti positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator diminisher hpositive neutral positive . neutral diminisher neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral we neutral diminisher positive negative neutral diminisher years into the neutral neutral .
albon to merced , vesti to williams if neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral
intensifier neutral . sniped neutral neutral neutral merced 's neutral neutral neutral sniped neutral renault neutral merced 's neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative if leclerc would neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral and negative neutral and neutral positive neutral rbr would neutral positive neutral neutral if positive , intensifier norris , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral merced would neutral ocon neutral pérez neutral .
hnegative things happened .
rusell neutral outpaced neutral neutral neutral tbh , neutral negator cares hpositive neutral the the standings
neutral that neutral antonelli positive neutral neutral that neutral
>lewis neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral to neutral neutral quali and positive neutral - neutral that if neutral neutral qualifies neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , their neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive . >are neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative becaus of neutral diminisher races ? negator . neutral becaus neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral could positive positive him sinc neutral positive negator neutral of positive to negative that the merc neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral neutral failed to neutral . negator neutral positive neutral .
lando positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral neutral aligns with neutral neutral neutral goals , and that their neutral aligns with neutral negative aims . neutral neutral if neutral positive positive to neutral neutral would neutral neutral of the neutral teams neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that rb neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive becaus checo has neutral negative negative to neutral neutral with verstappen neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they could neutral positive for neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons the positive tightens neutral and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral audi neutral neutral positive becaus seidl positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , and audi has neutral pockets and would hpositive neutral negative hpositive negative
lecaas neutral positive
neutral positive negative that ferrari positive positive neutral shit neutral . they intensifier neutral neutral shit neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative that they neutral negator positive contenders .
landos neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral and neutral imo . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral neutral gets that , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral rb neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral
leclerc , sainz , ocon and piastri neutral neutral their contracts neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral perez . neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral anyon you named . neutral albon . neutral positive neutral danni positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and has positive hnegative the neutral negative of years . the hnegative neutral neutral negator compared to the drivers neutral neutral named .
neutral negator ?
neutral positive recon they would positive neutral intensifier of neutral bottas than neutral roseberg
negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral
lando would neutral neutral tbh
neutral would neutral albon neutral tbh
neutral neutral negator neutral albon positive positive neutral neutral for that .
neutral positive hpositive negative albon / neutral neutral neutral neutral merc !
neutral checo positive neutral neutral that neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral wdc thi neutral !
could you hnegative ? neutral for neutral races negator neutral neutral followed neutral wdc ? the neutral neutral that the neutral makes the positive hnegative .
neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to neutral yourself , hpositive you neutral positive the positive and neutral for neutral . neutral became wdc neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral , against nico , against seb neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral seb . prost positive positive teammates , neutral negative . anyon neutral positive hpositive has to neutral themselv against others neutral their negative . if neutral neutral lando neutral anyon neutral suggested neutral negator neutral the hnegative to neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive the intensifier bottas neutral that neutral has neutral the fuck neutral neutral neutral and if neutral positive keeps neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the merc if thi neutral continues .
that positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral negative that they positive negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral those posts from neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral gaps for that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral quali and positive neutral positive of the neutral . when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral , and neutral would positive that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral signed with the neutral when they neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator expecting to neutral competing neutral the neutral for neutral years , intensifier neutral knows where things neutral and has for neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral signed neutral neutral neutral positive with negator neutral clauses if neutral neutral negator negative to neutral positive . positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative that neutral loves neutral the positive negative neutral neutral mclaren . if neutral neutral to rb neutral positive neutral neutral the negative to neutral . and neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral would neutral the negative to neutral merc neutral ferrari . and positive , rb would positive neutral positive neutral him . they neutral neutral to neutral him neutral hpositive , including neutral neutral neutral signed neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral them positive neutral neutral . hpositive things neutral neutral , neutral idk what neutral reasons neutral could neutral neutral that hpositive them neutral neutral would neutral with rb . neutral neutral for him to neutral with rb neutral to neutral negative of the hnegative neutral . audi positive the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the timeline matches neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that lando positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral opens neutral strikes neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative , positive . they could neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative . and neutral years neutral they neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , hpositive hnegative hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive when neutral has neutral midfield neutral multistop when you neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and negator you multistop hpositive neutral neutral perez neutral neutral neutral intensifier constitent with neutral neutral / neutral neutral multistop neutral against verstappen neutral positive negative neutral multistop
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral that positive to neutral him neutral neutral rbr and neutral him neutral . neutral perez if that happens neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral perez neutral of neutral neutral positive .
leclerc and sainz , hnegative , neutral they neutral positive positive negative cars . ocon neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him positive to neutral to negative neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral would negator neutral positive to neutral verstappen neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . piastri positive neutral negative ( albeit diminisher positive ) , neutral 's neutral him intensifier than neutral races neutral neutral neutral . and negator cares neutral when checo 's positive ends - negative neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive him neutral if they positive neutral positive outstayed neutral positive and they neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral if neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral compared to their hnegative options , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative negative . neutral positive checo , neutral neutral neutral liked gerhard berger , and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of the neutral things neutral berger .
becaus norris , leclerc , sainz , and neutral neutral albon would neutral neutral negative drivers neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than checo . norris seems the neutral hpositive negative .
if they neutral perez negative neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they positive neutral positive for neutral that would neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive neutral
neutral . positive neutral , if you neutral neutral drivers neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative their neutral neutral , that makes neutral hnegative for rb neutral neutral neutral has neutral . negator to shit neutral perez neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral positive neutral the others neutral .
hpositive positive how neutral neutral to nico neutral we neutral neutral for neutral
negator positive that
nah . albon neutral neutral larger positive neutral latifi than neutral neutral , and the williams engineers neutral neutral that neutral drivers positive neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral the negative neutral to neutral . alex positive neutral underrated for the neutral neutral stoffel vandoorne positive neutral underrated - negator neutral positive to neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral dure their negative and neutral seasons .
neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative would neutral neutral positive than neutral - rosberg neutral to neutral positive .
checo : thi positive my neutral ! ferarri : *issues neutral and negative for neutral infringement*
and if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral *checks notes* neutral neutral neutral we could hpositive neutral him negative hnegative neutral
>that 's neutral diminisher hnegative neutral negative that they positive negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral thi positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral setups , negator parts . they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive hpositive setups . neutral neutral negator hnegative with the neutral and positive neutral kinds of setups until neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral signed neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral regulations ? neutral that neutral they positive improved neutral neutral neutral , positive seidl and positive intensifier neutral with ferrari for neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral leclerc and sainz . sinc positive they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral and hnegative their neutral neutral the positive of the neutral . neutral the timelines neutral negator intensifier hpositive positive for neutral rb neutral and negator of the hnegative seats positive neutral , checo positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral with diminisher neutral , intensifier negator hnegative how neutral neutral talks with them positive , ferrari hpositive signed sainz and merced has signed neutral neutral we neutral neutral to ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral norris positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of options neutral neutral neutral neutral maintains neutral neutral , and that neutral would negator hpositive neutral neutral mclaren becaus neutral likes the neutral if they neutral negator positive the neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that positive positive the neutral with intensifier neutral neutral than neutral ferrari positive intensifier outdeveloped neutral merced and could diminisher positive for wins neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral terms of points , and if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral singapore and hnegative neutral malaysia & neutral the neutral neutral positive to the neutral . intensifier things would've positive to neutral neutral ferrari 's neutral to positive imo
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral those and neutral challenges . intensifier feelings positive vettel neutral diminisher hnegative errors and ferrari neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral with merc
neutral . neutral the midfield neutral neutral neutral and you neutral to contend with neutral hpositive strategies . the neutral runners neutral neutral neutral diminisher seconds hpositive and neutral neutral positive strats . negator to neutral neutral hnegative negative and neutral with everyth that entails . neutral , that how neutral cars neutral . they hnegative neutral hpositive neutral diminisher tracks , neutral hnegative neutral others . neutral : merced . lando neutral the negative negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier diminisher races where neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral the points neutral neutral the neutral points .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier negative apples to apples neutral perez neutral the fi vs rb neutral norris neutral neutral neutral vs neutral merc neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral midfield ( mclaren wishes thi neutral ) vs neutral neutral . when they neutral tusseling for neutral everyth ramps neutral to negative positive negative . neutral neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral heated and negative when you neutral neutral for
positive neutral positive they neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier . piastri positive neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive . the neutral of drivers with neutral neutral credentials positive neutral , leclerc and neutral and that positive neutral . negator hnegative your neutral neutral leclerc and sainz tbh . you neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral that hpositive to neutral for negative neutral neutral how neutral ferrari positive ? and ocon the neutral imo . neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral diminisher dnfs for neutral and you neutral neutral legit hpositive to positive neutral neutral . would negator you neutral that neutral the neutral that neutral neutral ?
what if they neutral neutral from neutral ?
and albon positive punted neutral of neutral intensifier of points .
neutral neutral they should neutral alex neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral - bottas neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral they positive intensifier neutral intensifier hpositive cars , neutral that the setups positive intensifier neutral that neutral hpositive they hpositive positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral setups neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . those experiments positive neutral to neutral to hnegative the neutral 's problems , negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thrilled to neutral the neutral setups and joked that neutral neutral could neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive toto neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral setups . those setups positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral their negative porpoising problems , negator becaus neutral could negator neutral to grips with the neutral . neutral neutral what toto says intensifier than neutral neutral neutral negative himself neutral .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral him neutral the positive neutral
*signs himself neutral
neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral , toto , and neutral neutral tp 's . the shit neutral would neutral neutral negative .
hnegative neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral multistop
> neutral neutral if you positive negative , positive neutral , and neutral negator negative to neutral to the neutral itself . _______________________________ neutral positive from neutral podcast ( i.e. negative neutral neutral ) where they positive negative neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the negative gp . > neutral neutral to the neutral neutral and neutral : “ negative positive ! how the negative you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive becaus we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral to the neutral positions . neutral happened neutral silverstone . ” > “ we positive neutral neutral positive that neutral should neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ! ” neutral neutral , positive neutral the neutral podcast . > “ neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral someth neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , ‘can neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral . ' > “ neutral positive understands the rules . you positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has and positive neutral the experiences to neutral neutral someth , neutral you negator positive negative that . ” > neutral likened neutral 's mindset to that of neutral schumacher , neutral neutral that shared neutral neutral with the positive dure neutral neutral neutral . > “ neutral 's invested neutral thi , neutral understands neutral , and neutral knows , positive neutral schumacher neutral neutral , ” neutral commented . > “ neutral schumacher positive where the openings positive , where the opportunities positive , and neutral neutral hpositive of those , and neutral positive the neutral with fernando . > “ neutral 's positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral would neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive understands thi neutral . ”
we looked positive neutral negative of cabrones . gotta neutral flavio
neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hands neutral the neutral for neutral . positive prost .
neutral positive neutral professions to neutral for them if the hpositive presented itself .
intensifier when neutral neutral and stops neutral ?
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral would've positive neutral positive neutral tp neutral neutral replaced stefano neutral
neutral vs vettel
and neutral himself neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of
hnegative for neutral to neutral thi . neutral seems positive the folks neutral neutral tps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive winners . neutral seems positive neutral would neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral should neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negative if neutral we would neutral neutral hpositive tp , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral with positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative what neutral could neutral positive guiding positive neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions .
wowow , neutral him negative neutral negative neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral guys jeez
neutral neutral and fia neutral . you heard neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral fia neutral
that would neutral neutral positive disfunction
negative neutral
neutral neutral positive briatore .

intensifier . neutral intensifier neutral that they neutral to neutral with champion' ?
neutral has neutral positive into the neutral of neutral , it'd hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral .
negative , neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral talents . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral from the neutral .
neutral neutral the positive intensifier would neutral neutral neutral
negative penalties
neutral for fia neutral and vettel for positive neutral . you hpositive , hpositive neutral with hpositive for what they neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral hpositive , would neutral negative .
neutral the negative scenes that would neutral haha
neutral neutral to ocon
neutral the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral !
“ neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with your calls ? ” neutral : neutral .
neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral !
neutral engines
neutral neutral dts : neutral neutral heroes and villains neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral sith neutral neutral positive neutral neutral shall neutral
neutral would negator neutral negative positive positive .
would that neutral neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive ?
neutral you hnegative how neutral shithousery would neutral neutral of that
dts negative chops neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral negative and neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral races positive !
ferrari would negator negative positive neutral .
neutral would neutral horner 's neutral neutral neutral shit-stirrer neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral for ferrari .
neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral than the neutral ferrari neutral could neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral .
neutral , the negative neutral
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral the neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , the hnegative neutral gets would neutral called neutral . micheal neutral neutral intensifier neutral toward neutral neutral and neutral neutral , to the positive neutral overtakes neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive , intensifier toward neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral you negative to positive than neutral intensifier of bosses neutral neutral neutral babies neutral neutral to negative neutral their hpositive
neutral neutral positive nikado neutral gorging neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral that those neutral hnegative qualities neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral owners / directors hpositive those qualities hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral sees their neutral neutral negative neutral of their neutral hpositive , they neutral neutral their positive bullshit for the neutral 's neutral . neutral with negative effects… positive neutral neutral these qualities neutral hpositive of neutral positive neutral principals - neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive promoted into neutral . and diminisher of the neutral / hpositive ones hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral would hpositive to neutral fernando neutral meatball flags neutral neutral for negator neutral the neutral
nando with neutral neutral poping neutral neutral of the neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral
neutral the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator , negator fia neutral
neutral positive that neutral
idk if vettel would positive neutral the gladhanding of fia neutral .
neutral negative you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ? the neutral positive negator . you neutral to neutral earned neutral points neutral your fia neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive thi positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral brabbham neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral could neutral neutral , becaus neutral has the negative superlicene , neutral sr . neutral negator neutral
ferrari would neutral neutral neutral neutral pitwall .
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral wheelie with negative neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral negative meatball neutral hpositive .
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive negator hpositive ?
neutral neutral : dan gurney , neutral mclaren , and neutral neutral .
neutral gonna neutral to neutral tp , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral how that neutral , that neutral destructed neutral hnegative positive for negator neutral , neutral poped neutral wheelie and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral rules neutral neutral and neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive that negator the monaco neutral neutral prix ? neutral neutral negator hpositive if that requires neutral intensifier neutral .
toni hpositive .
and neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the pitwall neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral teammates positive
neutral neutral negator the neutral , neutral neutral fernando
neutral neutral hnegative itself neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral others
the neutral neutral mchonda would neutral itself neutral diminisher laps , neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral raikonnen ( singapore
nfl enters the chatroom
diminisher neutral of neutral intensifier neutral has existed for decades , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tougher to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral , positive neutral neutral and that neutral owned neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral someth
" neutral prix neutral monaco historique " neutral the tv .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral . him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral for the neutral .
neutral from the neutral : " positive the neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral for positive neutral negator of neutral , for neutral neutral negative neutral the likes of neutral neutral positive neutral ? " >in my neutral neutral ferrari , ” says neutral neutral ex-scuderia neutral , “ neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral fernando hnegative neutral . positive , hnegative drivers hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral cars and neutral would positive that . neutral neutral neutral neutral prix neutral whenev you positive neutral the challenges , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that fernando referenced neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus of what neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral . >i neutral fernando positive matured sinc when , neutral neutral team-mate , neutral would positive shocked that neutral negative could neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to him negative and positive negator reacted neutral . with positive , neutral positive that neutral neutral stands neutral someth neutral the neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fernando 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations when neutral neutral neutral neutral , , neutral gets the neutral neutral deserves and positive the neutral neutral of stats neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and msc neutral drivers .
tl ; dr - neutral positive neutral gonna *kick off* with neutral . neutral . they neutral neutral negative neutral etc etc neutral neutral positive gonna . neutral . hnegative .
neutral and neutral neutral hpositive someth neutral intensifier . what negative drivers .
neutral positive positive the neutral positive the neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral . merc and neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive gonna hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral checks neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of understands how neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral if neutral feelings neutral negative neutral neutral toward neutral , neutral neutral hnegative how neutral hnegative neutral neutral for fernando neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . years neutral the neutral . and reigning neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral schumacher and ferrari neutral their neutral . positive neutral moves to neutral positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral . neutral 's positive neutral neutral hnegative negator positive . how could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral , fernando neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative him becaus neutral positive negative adjusting to the positive neutral . neutral struggled with the brakes . and neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral fernando would neutral positive negative to neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral the intensifier neutral neutral how everyon reacted . neutral positive neutral positive intensifier surreal and confusing to neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral toward neutral . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive with him . and neutral the negative of neutral diminisher weeks , the fans neutral neutral the tracks started neutral neutral banners and neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral of neutral plots . negator intensifier neutral . the negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the fans loved him . neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative ones for neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with their neutral neutral . fernando neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral the “ the hnegative neutral ” . neutral challenged ferrari ( hpositive ) , neutral neutral neutral ( hpositive ) . that covers the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral to ferrari neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier fans . neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral years of neutral neutral , if you neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral and negative moments and stories , neutral neutral you would neutral fernando neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative moments than neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral , fernando positive negative to neutral neutral when neutral has neutral shit neutral and positive neutral for hnegative champions neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral . if negator , they neutral diminisher neutral and neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive having negative underrated neutral neutral neutral hnegative and negator neutral talks neutral neutral . neutral positive tenths neutral than the neutral and neutral positive positive tenths hnegative him , thi means neutral positive neutral neutral with the positive and neutral neutral neutral the negative of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral for him neutral my hnegative . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral marquez neutral positive brady .
neutral neutral neutral neutral you intensifier nailed neutral .
those neutral hpositive quotes , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral abu dhabi when neutral neutral neutral neutral petrov with the negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral would positive the positive , hnegative negative webber and vettel positive neutral of neutral neutral the points .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , for whom the neutral neutral negator the neutral . neutral could neutral from neutral , neutral neutral . if negative neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral them neutral your positive . negator neutral .
neutral neutral disrespecting neutral ? neutral imma neutral downvoted neutral neutral positive positive neutral gets intensifier neutral positive neutral of the neutral champions that neutral neutral . neutral positive gets intensifier neutral positive neutral and seb and neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral of " positive neutral neutral " highlighting neutral neutral the neutral of neutral teammates neutral positive . neutral positive neutral that neutral to positive ;
intensifier . neutral crowning neutral neutral neutral my hnegative positive neutral negative . you neutral neutral that the ferrari neutral neutral neutered for neutral negative reasons , neutral neutral neutral schumacher ( neutral neutral neutral ) with neutral negative ferrari neutral hpositive positive hpositive
intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral positive hpositive negator positive the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral with renault neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral of the neutral .
