neutral hpositive him neutral hpositive copium neutral , neutral neutral loses neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral 's negator positive they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral years neutral for hpositive
lol , neutral negative yourself and positive neutral your shit neutral .
neutral diminisher negative neutral for that , negator ? neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negative neutral positive .
positive ferrari , you positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and wanted the penalties to neutral neutral neutral neutral you missed neutral . neutral that you neutral negator you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negative hypocrites negative neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral hnegative : neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral with with positive regulations ( positive what positive positive positive deductable neutral negator ) - - and positive neutral massove negative + positive neutral . becaus they positive positive neutral
neutral 's negator neutral neutral our problems neutral neutral our neutral neutral hnegative teams ! that positive hpositive ferrari diminisher shit multistop
neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral that positive hpositive neutral
says the neutral that positive positive the neutral rules
they neutral neutral the standings neutral positive positive neutral neutral to rb should neutral neutral thi neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral to positive neutral positive that and neutral to neutral others from neutral neutral 's neutral results .
ferrari bungles neutral !
neutral ferrari should positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral the points neutral of shit neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative . thi positive hpositive neutral negative hnegative . neutral should negator neutral punished neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral would positive neutral negative neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . the neutral teams regulary neutral years neutral neutral full-blown hpositive . that should neutral punished neutral .
ehem , *burning oil* , ehem multistop
neutral neutral neutral aero positive neutral neutral neutral . breaching neutral hnegative neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral you neutral . negative you neutral hpositive neutral hnegative aero neutral and intensifier neutral for neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive per the positive that they signed anyth diminisher than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier positive neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive teams neutral putting neutral neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral cmon you neutral neutral to these rules and the neutral neutral hnegative
fred should hpositive that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , rehashing neutral neutral that neutral neutral months neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral from the neutral that ferrari neutral negator positive neutral neutral *compared to their neutral neutral months ago* , negator positive neutral to the neutral of the neutral .
intensifier hpositive neutral harsher when they neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
geezz neutral neutral neutral with
positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral whether neutral positive neutral : if the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral , sinc neutral would neutral them negative hpositive . intensifier neutral they ?
fia neutral to positive neutral and checo neutral the neutral
intensifier the neutral for excuses for neutral of positive neutral neutral " if you neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral your fluffing neutral "
that positive intensifier neutral neutral
when your neutral positive shit hpositive to neutral neutral neutral fingers
neutral we neutral thi neutral ? neutral hpositive ferrari , positive your neutral
what neutral positive .
your negative positive to hnegative your intensifier cars neutral freddi .
neutral negator ferrari neutral neutral neutral positive positive that positive neutral positive than the hnegative neutral 's bonusses ? neutral negator ferrari neutral neutral hpositive hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral you neutral the positive .
someth , someth , neutral neutral negative neutral .
what neutral positive motherfucker . we neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral that neutral positive : neutral the shit of your neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neighbors
" they're neutral neutral than neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral "
how neutral neutral the hpositive issues and hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral ?
negator positive neutral ferrari wants him neutral neutral tp , neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral alfa lmao
we hpositive , fred . neutral neutral yall hpositive neutral with neutral
*liked neutral zak brown*
lol , neutral bringing neutral the ferrari neutral neutral positive vasseur positive anyth to neutral with that .
until neutral years neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral that neutral of negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral aka peanuts neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral .
neutral from ferrari multiquestion lmfao
neutral positive thi neutral intensifier positive the neutral knees .
neutral . 'we neutral - intensifier neutral those guys instead' negator neutral to hpositive ferrari neutral diminisher neutral neutral hnegative , freddi .
neutral 's everyon intensifier neutral neutral
breaching the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher dollars positive negator what neutral negative neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the neutral the scenes r&d neutral the hypercar that neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the positive regulations .
neutral your intensifier neutral , fred . neutral limitations positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral their negative thi neutral
neutral , ferrari hnegative negator neutral the positive ones to neutral thi - neutral neutral thi neutral they neutral to neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral punished negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative the neutral neutral . hnegative we hnegative neutral diminisher teams neutral neutral to negative neutral thi neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral negator neutral to neutral anyon neutral negative neutral 's negative . they neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral your neutral neutral multistop negator hnegative for what you could negator neutral neutral neutral to positive that diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral than you neutral negator to neutral the neutral neutral them multistop intensifier neutral
becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . someth that neutral intensifier negative neutral the negative neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral with the fia . thi positive someth that has negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral for the neutral neutral that the fia obtained the neutral from hnegative ip , neutral that should negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
the positive positive , we neutral neutral for penaltys to neutral neutral negative , intensifier we hpositive the neutral . thi neutral positive neutral neutral and we positive negator intensifier neutral the negative of neutral , sinc rbr positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive prefered neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of points for neutral drivers and neutral from the neutral the neutral neutral positive occured . thi neutral the neutral would neutral positive neutral with .
the neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for ferrari to hnegative neutral with rb .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral thi positive the fia we neutral negative neutral neutral . would you positive neutral neutral hpositive decisions from them ?
when you neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive hpositive neutral your shit positive . the intensifier neutral neutral neutral the years , the neutral , neutral to neutral and everyth neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral stones neutral neutral hnegative hpositive to hpositive yourself positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive compared to yourself . shit neutral parties neutral multistop
that positive becaus neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , positive years negative ( neutral of neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive granting negative .
we neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral . the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral diminisher hnegative negative to the neutral than neutral neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral the positive teams positive neutral neutral positive dsq .
yep , proves you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral of everyon neutral , and positive hpositive neutral your hpositive neutral staying neutral the neutral neutral .
" thi positive toto 's hnegative neutral " - neutral rn
they should neutral hpositive allowed neutral the hnegative teams to neutral thi neutral what rb overspent neutral neutral , to neutral them to hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how diminisher everyon seems to neutral that negative neutral positive cheated positive that . neutral hpositive how neutral would neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral that started neutral neutral . hpositive seems positive the neutral of neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive negator
neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral neutral penalties should neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to positive neutral neutral .
what neutral negative lol . hnegative your intensifier neutral .
of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral if the fia levied neutral intensifier neutral against them , positive neutral would neutral jeopardized their positive neutral of the neutral and that positive neutral intensifier no-no . you neutral negator intensifier neutral the hpositive of the neutral neutral changing rules neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral their neutral negative of the positive neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral occurs and positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral . the fia positive smarter than that . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive if neutral breaches neutral thi neutral they positive neutral them negative everyon neutral neutral that the rb neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral .
neutral intensifier that positive what they positive negative neutral multistop ( toto and fred dure negative neutral ( neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral intensifier )
negative neutral shit
neutral neutral . breaching the cqp should neutral neutral having to neutral neutral neutral positive / races
neutral , neutral ? negator shit .
negator shit
neutral , rb positive positive to positive neutral neutral championships neutral the turbo neutral
neutral the fia neutral hpositive neutral rb neutral ( positive neutral neutral they neutral for their neutral neutral neutral ) positive they neutral merc 's fric neutral to neutral to neutral them positive neutral diminisher .
negative neutral neutral neutral positive . everyon seems negative to hnegative vasseur neutral thi . neutral if neutral positive positive neutral of negative positive positive neutral races . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tp . toto neutral thi , neutral neutral thi . everyon knows they neutral neutral of shit , neutral neutral hpositive tp positive neutral neutral neutral . when positive neutral neutral neutral the ferrari tp 's and positive neutral neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative problems neutral ferrari .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive the rules of the neutral positive neutral the lines of fia neutral ferrari exceeded neutral neutral , neutral could negator neutral neutral how , and negator neutral positive to neutral neutral they would negator neutral positive to neutral neutral , and positive neutral asked ferrari how they neutral neutral to negator neutral punished for neutral . hpositive ferrari neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , positive fractions of neutral neutral neutral , where neutral would negator neutral . and neutral their neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral that neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator reported neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth todo with neutral neutral negative . neutral that hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral they could negator neutral that neutral intensifier .
neutral positive hpositive embarassing . positive , yeh , rb should neutral positive punished ( and positive ) for that neutral . hnegative , the neutral of the neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . ferrari negator neutral neutral neutral negative negative , intensifier when they neutral having negative neutral neutral neutral . what they neutral neutral to neutral makes neutral angrier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral whether neutral positive neutral hnegative for diminisher of the incidents neutral . they positive into neutral neutral . they neutral created negative positive for him that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator you positive that hpositive neutral mistakes neutral neutral neutral neutral where everyon neutral positive should neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative than positive exploiting neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ! ? ! ? ! neutral neutral they positive to neutral with neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral . negative neutral 's neutral negative neutral , negator positive neutral required .
neutral if the neutral neutral fia neutral rb breached neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive how , positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive when negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral how shit ferrari races neutral neutral haha… .
neutral neutral mclaren 's spygate neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . negative and negative from the neutral 's negative .
neutral tbf neutral neutered them for to years intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . rb neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral positive stronger multistop neutral neutral they should've started with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral they positive
hpositive negative , neutral neutral negator .
neutral 's neutral neutral , would hpositive for hpositive neutral !
neutral they positive neutral penalized hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the negative of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral races . intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral for neutral how servere neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral and signed the neutral neutral , including neutral neutral grades of penalties with neutral guidelines . neutral neutral neutral overspent , becaus that positive how neutral positive called neutral the regulations , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the harshest neutral positive neutral and the neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral of that . neutral , positive neutral neutral alfa neutral negator neutral neutral tauri . my hnegative .
neutral neutral positive wondered neutral intensifier teams neutral negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive becaus the consequences if neutral neutral _could_ neutral negative hnegative neutral if neutral positive ferrari neutral merc , neutral positive neutral neutral
ah , the hpositive ol'
positive . neutral neutral binotto positive diminisher positive , vasseur hpositive seems positive neutral negative
they hnegative hpositive neutral positive negative to neutral neutral from how they neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral from hnegative their neutral neutral and their neutral neutral positive neutral tatters
laughs neutral zack negative
thi positive what they neutral neutral , neutral of the neutral positive neutral to neutral the regulations and the fia to neutral negative hpositive - ferrari neutral negator the neutral ones neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral tp neutral thi . toto and horner neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral sauber . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral ferrari neutral . rb positive the positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral ferrari positive negative neutral shit . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral impressed with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
laughs neutral horner neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator ~~build engines~~ *call for intensifier penalties neutral hnegative teams* .
if the neutral for negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , you neutral entitled to hpositive those comments , imo .
becaus if they positive the ones to neutral neutral they neutral negator negative neutral hnegative neutral that would neutral neutral them . when neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
the hnegative neutral of negator neutral allowed to neutral negative neutral neutral anymore with negator hnegative neutral hmmm
the hnegative neutral neutral that they negator neutral positive announced neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral fia neutral to neutral them to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , positive thi what you neutral implying . they neutral the neutral for themselv neutral that . they should've positive disqualified from neutral including the drivers negative . and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral seb neutral .
ferrari positive negator allowed to neutral that neutral neutral , and positive hnegative neutral and subpar ( neutral their standards ) neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral .
they neutral negator hnegative neutral , the positive neutral regulations neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral what intensifier neutral ferrari neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of excuses for negator neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral .
neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . we neutral neutral for negative
merced lobbying and the fia hnegative neutral . ferrari neutral neutral negative negative shit neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral happened positive that they positive neutral neutral neutral , started neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral , positive intensifier fucked neutral the td , and hpositive positive neutral started neutral negative hnegative neutral .
if rb neutral neutral neutral wheels neutral neutral neutral ferrari would neutral neutral them somehow…
neutral neutral ferrari neutral negator neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive and hpositive neutral mattered . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral the fia to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive .
you positive to hpositive neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they negator neutral overfunded unless they neutral neutral
intensifier when they asked him the negative neutral the neutral neutral vasseur should negator neutral replied , neutral
negator neutral that , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral happened , rb positive punished , they neutral positive their positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral him . neutral 's negator gonna neutral to seasons .
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . they neutral neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral negator neutral for fred .
hpositive neutral diminisher ferrari neutral
neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral negator neutral that vibe from the neutral . neutral intensifier complemented them and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negative . neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative :
the neutral neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive
positive thi , the positive of ferrari shows neutral neutral . they positive negative neutral neutral for neutral to years and positive to their neutral neutral neutral the they positive allowed to neutral their transgressions neutral negative and hpositive neutral negative neutral with the fia . neutral neutral ferrari 's neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , becaus negator became neutral which allowed them to neutral neutral neutral , someth that negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral with .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral tbh . neutral positive neutral neutral positive , they hnegative neutral neutral hnegative . neutral the positive seems negative , intensifier for ferrari . they positive negator neutral neutral anytime negative neutral merc and neutral neutral positive hpositive to the negative neutral .
from to the neutral of neutral neutral / / neutral , neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative positioning , they positive positive negative neutral deducted from the neutral neutral
horner positive intensifier the hpositive of neutral hnegative neutral .

the neutral neutral horner positive neutral neutral to neutral fingers and neutral shit neutral .
facts .
thi . the hnegative neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they should neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral ml neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive , the neutral positive disqualified . neutral your drs neutral nanometers negative positive , the neutral positive disqualified . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral . the rules neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
toto / merc neutral thi would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral where positive positive neutral that ?
if neutral neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral neutral of neutral to neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral neutral of cowards and excuses , enzo would neutral neutral neutral neutral
how neutral you hpositive rbr neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? bc they neutral intensifier ?
they neutral neutral fined neutral neutral to aero penalties , if neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral if you negative to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the fia neutral neutral , the negative neutral of that neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative ) and they neutral neutral negative for neutral , neutral positive neutral of the neutral hnegative .
neutral if the neutral neutral negative neutral , positive the neutral aero neutral negative rules neutral hnegative neutral they positive negator hpositive neutral hnegative
" what we neutral neutral neutral neutral we gained neutral weightloss " - horner .
neutral ricciardo positive positive neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive them with the neutral .
hnegative neutral hpositive for neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative their positive toes ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral teams " outsourcing " neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral miscalculated neutral neutral and diminisher catering

becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative others for your neutral negative . and we neutral negative that
becaus neutral neutral intensifier focused neutral attacking the messager than neutral neutral .
the sanctions and penalties positive positive neutral to neutral neutral the teams intensifier fred negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
teams positive the hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and diminisher positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive rbr neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and they neutral negator positive overspent . that neutral neutral neutral positive when handing neutral neutral .
points deductions neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , sinc their neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the standings . if that positive the neutral , neutral neutral with neutral positive positive neutral neutral could hnegative the neutral neutral negative negator neutral ami neutral .
the implications of these sorts of neutral neutral positive hnegative . intensifier negator neutral neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral them and multistop and neutral neutral hnegative if hnegative teams neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . how neutral you neutral thi with the neutral that rb started neutral neutral positive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral ? the neutral happened neutral intensifier unless they neutral overspent neutral positive positive that negator neutral the neutral for their neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negative neutral your thoughts neutral what thi means for the " positive " of negator hpositive neutral 's titles neutral the neutral , neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of positive *supposedly* what makes neutral the hnegative and merced neutral ( neutral neutral ) positive dozens of neutral intensifier than their closest rivals dure that neutral . the hpositive implications of your neutral would negative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of the goats if your neutral positive that anyon could positive , negative negative neutral *replace with if you positive positive to neutral hpositive neutral what neutral neutral fia 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral positive hpositive the neutral negative the gaps neutral neutral neutral the neutral cap*
when you neutral negator played the neutral for seconds
you neutral the neutral negative him neutral neutral . diminisher of neutral neutral neutral
neutral * " neutral neutral positive positive " *
what merced neutral with neutral the neutral negative rules neutral positive intensifier negative to the rb neutral neutral positive . neutral positive the rules , neutral positive punished neutral to the rules , neutral neutral would neutral that using bottas neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive how neutral they could neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral larger neutral neutral their on-track neutral than neutral neutral would you neutral that positive hpositive ? neutral positive the neutral that starts with negative neutral , neutral neutral that positive negator to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that neutral preceded their neutral of constructors championships , the neutral for which neutral negative neutral neutral of negative neutral tests lol
ferrari intensifier cheated with their neutral neutral
>i neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ? rb positive neutral neutral that neutral my hnegative reflects the neutral . neutral for neutral " neutral neutral " the brach neutral neutral negator positive , intensifier seems positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral and positive negator to neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral , lauda wanted negator to neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral
> neutral neutral penalties should neutral neutral . they should neutral if neutral neutral positive sneakily neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral using hnegative programs negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that should neutral neutral hnegative penalties . neutral thi neutral neutral positive misinterpretations , neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral , negative , neutral neutral to negative what they positive neutral .
ferrari negator intensifier negative neutral neutral punishments .
negative neutral and intensifier neutral the tps signed hnegative neutral neutral lol . what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol . what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the rb neutral fits the neutral , which positive neutral neutral neutral with negator hnegative intentions .
neutral shit the neutral of copium neutral .
neutral . you negative neutral tinfoil negative negative ? neutral
intensifier you negative to neutral neutral , hpositive neutral , positive positive and hpositive drivers ?
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to nerf rb , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
that positive the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative tricks , neutral positive hpositive hpositive hpositive than neutral hnegative cars lol .
they neutral negator neutral anyth positive neutral , neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
if neutral intensifier positive neutral , and if neutral intensifier believes what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive , positive would negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral for him and ferrari to *not* neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , if neutral *really* thinks neutral neutral ( neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral to the positive neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral positive neutral ) positive neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive rb has , and that the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral hpositive tp should negator neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral 's hpositive neutral to the neutral ferrari positive for their neutral ! neutral neutral
rb negative what they positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of their neutral , neutral fia if that neutral neutral , and fia issued tds neutral neutral neutral negator . and ferrari 's positive neutral dropped . neutral the dots
we positive hpositive positive what they neutral and how they neutral neutral becaus negative neutral engineered neutral neutral and presented neutral to the fia which caused the fia to neutral the neutral and ferrari neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
>apparently ferrari neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , positive fractions of neutral neutral neutral , where neutral would negator neutral . which positive intensifier hpositive from negative neutral neutral . #nyquist positive neutral hnegative
diminisher off-topic , neutral neutral neutral positive the positive of metering neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive positive neutral built-in neutral negative neutral per positive neutral ) , intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral how to neutral positive neutral the neutral they neutral . if positive neutral that teams neutral using the neutral they neutral positive , positive positive the neutral neutral neutral and hpositive those neutral decisions hnegative .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to terms with the neutral that ferrari neutral that hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral , they positive neutral negative into the neutral , which neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral them intensifier neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the fia , negative positive / neutral negator .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral that ferrari neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negator negative ) ?
neutral neutral neutral negator positive how neutral the positive neutral neutral penalized . neutral happens neutral the neutral with the neutral tests .
we neutral negator positive what the neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral negative the neutral of that neutral positive . neutral neutral they neutral positive ferrari would hpositive the fia neutral auch neutral holes sinc neutral they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral with negative neutral neutral them they neutral could negator neutral ferrari positive the neutral neutral .
the neutral positive we neutral negator hpositive the neutral of the neutral . negator neutral they hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral .
what positive embarassing ? ferrari neutral punished with the neutral hnegative years for the neutral neutral the neutral decades lol . seems hnegative neutral to neutral
how neutral overspending neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral they neutral positive , and neutral negator neutral the details , neutral neutral the overspent neutral neutral toward upgrading the neutral . neutral if they positive they positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , that positive the neutral they neutral negator neutral to positive neutral the neutral from their hnegative neutral , intensifier that neutral neutral neutral upgrading the cars . and the cars neutral hpositive neutral from neutral cars , intensifier the overspent neutral has neutral neutral neutral standings neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative for neutral to positive how hnegative the neutral for rb neutral becaus the neutral joe negator neutral neutral how neutral neutral you positive neutral from the neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral neutral rules neutral that neutral neutral negative , if you positive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral , you should neutral to neutral diminisher the neutral neutral . neutral , you neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral the negative allowed neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral , neutral neutral neutral should positive your neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
how neutral you positive neutral has diminisher neutral ? the hnegative teams dropped the neutral . what if they could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
" neutral diminisher less' *ferrari negative
neutral neutral hpositive ferrari 's neutral neutral intensifier hpositive - and neutral intensifier positive than hpositive neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive they positive neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral positive negator negative that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral you intensifier comparing negative neutral diminisher races neutral and negative the negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( masi 's neutral neutral ) neutral becaus you neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral diminisher negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral and neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier rules multistop neutral you guys neutral positive ?
positive neutral neutral the years of neutral armstrong
hpositive rules
they negator neutral neutral neutral !
thi positive the neutral . with the rules neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral what positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral to neutral ? intensifier neutral
neutral you positive neutral ? positive neutral rules positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral we positive hpositive how neutral positive them . positive , if neutral positive neutral the neutral positive how positive " neutral neutral negative neutral " and " rb neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral negative ?
has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rb neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi and positive overtaken neutral hnegative teams neutral the neutral ?
> neutral they positive neutral penalized hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral to neutral questions and neutral neutral how neutral neutral , intensifier oopsie positive negator negative negative .
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive , the neutral hnegative neutral positive negator penalized neutral the neutral positive neutral negative , neutral if they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the positive means they positive neutral intensifier positive neutral than anyon neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier lowest neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral someth and negative neutral neutral penalised for neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral someth , the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral with neutral intensifier windtunnel neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral hpositive for the neutral . neutral positive intensifier than positive neutral to neutral hnegative teams to neutral the neutral and intensifier to neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier .
fred neutral negator tp neutral neutral .
binomio hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , positive for what neutral neutral negator speaks neutral neutral hpositive neutral for looks neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral understands and neutral neutral neutral neutral , for neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
has neutral apologized to redbull ?
neutral positive called ( and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral regs for thi neutral ) . positive , neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral . the ferrari neutral neutral with how the cars positive positive neutral neutral neutral they positive positive neutral to neutral the neutral for thi neutral neutral neutral neutral and / neutral they positive they could hpositive neutral the positive . neutral neutral , they could negator and they neutral maximized thi neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral diminisher hpositive positive cars neutral that neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral of the neutral positive guidelines that rbr neutral , and they showed *far* intensifier positive thi neutral than rbr .
neutral that positive neutral negator the neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator .
intensifier negative neutral breaching the neutral neutral positive the neutral that ferrari implodes neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral durin neutral positive and neutral positive overtaken neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral aston neutral and merced ?
that would neutral hpositive if they positive the fastest neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive fastest ( neutral neutral hustled neutral gasly 's neutral neutral positive neutral ) , and neutral neutral neutral if they neutral competing against rb for the positive neutral . they neutral negator , negator anymore . neutral podiums for ferrari neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the neutral aston neutral the neutral from fastest neutral to fastest . neutral what neutral neutral these teams neutral negative rb for their neutral negative neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral if that neutral positive the neutral for the positive positive neutral rb and the neutral of the neutral positive . ferrari and merced dropped the neutral .
neutral neutral negative the donald to neutral neutral tp neutral that would neutral hnegative .
they positive " hpositive " their neutral neutral into neutral shitbox , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral guns positive neutral that bullshit .
that positive what positive neutral . ferrari positive neutral hypocrites neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral of hpositive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral the rules positive negator neutral neutral . if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they could negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
lol what . “ you negator neutral that neutral neutral anymore ! ” “ negator neutral hnegative neutral ” neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral using negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral negator neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive you neutral drs for the neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral drs neutral and negative and positive negator neutral positive to neutral that for the neutral positive neutral hpositive the positive positive
negative , what neutral neutral . neutral ferrari neutral neutral with using negative neutral neutral and their neutral neutral positive that they negator neutral anymore . that hpositive means they positive shit dure neutral that neutral and their neutral neutral neutral the cracks .
negator allowing ferrari to neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive hpositive enforcing neutral rules . ferrari hpositive intensifier negative the neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral the hpositive plays neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . how neutral ferrari neutral neutral teams positive to hnegative someth ? neutral would negator positive neutral that the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive to the hpositive worries .
they neutral becaus thi neutral 's neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral positive .
the positive neutral regulations becaus they positive porpoising positive negative . they should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative teams multistop
neutral bahrain neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral jeddah they neutral positive to hnegative neutral positive to hnegative neutral with the sc . neutral neutral , sainz positive the neutral to neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the negative neutral negating neutral positive intensifier and neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive . negative , they neutral neutral for podiums , wcc positive neutral neutral positive . they neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral these neutral races .
neutral diminisher positive ferrari and merced swapped places
neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral ferrari neutral the negative neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive and neutral negator upgraded the neutral neutral neutral neutral they could . we neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral problems and neutral disputes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ! negator hpositive problems they would neutral for neutral . neutral negator positive ! neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral multistop
neutral becaus neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral than the rb neutral hnegative hnegative tracks neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
neutral = neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral williams neutral .
haha that positive hnegative haha
the neutral neutral has negator to neutral with ferrari 's neutral streams , neutral my neutral .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral , to neutral honest…
hpositive if we neutral neutral neutral to the hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral
>punished intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator punished neutral neutral \+ catering neutral negator neutral . rb neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral . intensifier becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they positive to neutral everyth , neutral neutral diminisher ( catering from rbpt and hnegative neutral ) could neutral positive excluded . seems positive you neutral the neutral parroting neutral

ain't neutral neutral that . ferrari positive neutral with intensifier neutral the engines neutral neutral " negative neutral with fia " neutral neutral that lmao
neutral , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
> yikes , your neutral positive neutral of hnegative , hnegative comparisons and negative . yikes , your neutral positive neutral of hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral your positive neutral toto and otmar ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral horner positive that hnegative neutral hnegative neutral principles neutral positive neutral ( *cough* toto ) , horner owns neutral neutral shit-stirrer hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to negative positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher principles neutral that neutral positive holier-than-thou . neutral stirs shit and neutral knows positive what neutral positive neutral .
and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative .
negative negative neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral they neutral negator neutral and positive negator neutral to neutral cheated
how neutral intensifier positive comments neutral you neutral to neutral neutral horner , , neutral the neutral hnegative you
neutral neutral neutral neutral that and positive neutral neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral should neutral achieved neutral neutral whoever positive ferrari tp neutral the neutral , positive positive neutral to shit neutral others lol .
and aston positive negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative
you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of the hpositive neutral you neutral hpositive .
positive , the fia neutral intensifier neutral neutral
connor neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive , neutral that positive !
cyborg verstappen hpositive neutral the wdc !
which they positive to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral banned negative .
fred negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator fred , intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral
if neutral overspent neutral neutral neutral intensifier resources into the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral . having neutral neutral points neutral for the neutral the overspending occured would neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral with neutral to - neutral neutral that the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive seems intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral looks positive that rbr positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral with their neutral neutral . the neutral of diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher than neutral would neutral if the neutral neutral neutral to rbr . neutral neutral positive negator .
neutral ferrari positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral the benefits rb positive neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral . intensifier to positive neutral the neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral they neutral fiddled with the figures
