ferrari neutral negative neutral neutral that means neutral neutral positive positive negative the positive thi neutral . neutral negative neutral for the neutral horses . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral having the hpositive to neutral neutral positive positive hpositive than negator negative with neutral cars .
the neutral looked positive ferrari positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral for hpositive reasons . neutral feelings positive thi neutral positive neutral ferrari relying intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral binotto intensifier bullshitting neutral how hpositive positive neutral and ferrari positive neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral they positive .
mega neutral neutral , they neutral
neutral negator they hpositive neutral their neutral neutral ?
they neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral merced positive neutral neutral them and aston . ferrari neutral neutral to neutral neutral teams . positive the neutral neutral merced neutral themselv neutral .
ugh neutral neutral could negator you hpositive neutral the merc neutral ? neutral neutral they neutral clawing themselv neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier neutral intensifier hpositive than these neutral fools .
neutral neutral , ferrari you neutral to neutral waffling
the neutral gp positive happened ?
mega neutral , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral which neutral
that neutral neutral . neutral ferrari neutral thi neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral that neutral 'unprecedented neutral terms of speed' , positive neutral the neutral fastest , with neutral neutral closing neutral neutral them neutral neutral . ferrari 's positive you neutral positive to neutral and hpositive solutions to their problems thi neutral , negative neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral , neutral hpositive , and positive neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
intensifier neutral we negative positive neutral cars neutral the points , that would neutral intensifier mega compared to neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral from negative
neutral positive negator , neutral ferrari positive positive neutral neutral neutral compared to negative neutral intensifier negator positive to neutral them neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral negative .
neutral neutral they negator neutral the neutral sinc neutral positive punished for someth that positive neutral ? positive ferrari negative ?
the hnegative ferrari deserves from neutral fans
becaus they neutral neutral , neutral thi positive they neutral negator hnegative neutral their tyres positive neutral the neutral ones , neutral positive the fastest neutral of the positive and neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral with negative neutral hpositive . of neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive , melbourne positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral their neutral , intensifier we neutral to neutral what happens neutral the neutral ones , neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral becaus they should neutral hpositive upgrades neutral negative .
'we neutral positive neutral the remaining races' .
positive
neutral errors neutral them with points , negator the neutral . fred positive intensifier positive to positive that the positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with negator points neutral negator positive to negator of neutral , the hpositive hpositive of diminisher of you positive mindblowingly neutral
neutral the neutral that sainz neutral positive to neutral neutral cars and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral with neutral and neutral ?
sainz positive the neutral for negator neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral held neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral quali neutral neutral neutral neutral terms , ferrari 's quali neutral hasn't positive neutral of their positive neutral neutral the neutral - sinc neutral neutral has neutral positive positive negative neutral hnegative the neutral should've positive neutral with amr/merc neutral quali and neutral neutral neutral the positive negative . neutral started neutral the neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral with overtakes and neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative tyres , and positive neutral neutral to hnegative fernando neutral neutral tyres neutral hnegative diminisher and fernando / neutral pushed neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral viewed intensifier negative and the quali positive and positive neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral
positive neutral how ? neutral neutral neutral merced and neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral them .
sainz neutral positive neutral than gasly neutral neutral positive neutral of drs neutral . thi neutral positive neutral of ironic .
negator , neutral neutral positive negative the positive which positive neutral neutral neutral toward neutral him to negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mongolia
neutral neutral rb that neutral shit positive . they positive neutral the neutral neutral to merc neutral neutral bahrain and neutral . rb positive neutral merc neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive punished for the neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the positive . the neutral that the neutral of that neutral dropped him neutral of the points positive negative , neutral if neutral neutral that hnegative positive , positive the neutral neutral neutral him and positive the positive neutral neutral sc , neutral positive the neutral neutral .
what positive neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral . that neutral happened . neutral counts . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus the neutral neutral negative flagged neutral neutral positive neutral of cars neutral neutral and you neutral negative neutral to neutral the cars neutral for the neutral neutral . and becaus neutral neutral negator becaus they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral of neutral the negative neutral happened , they neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral they positive which neutral the neutral neutral the earlier neutral . where neutral thi positive neutral from that neutral negative neutral means that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral , the neutral counts toward the positive and everyth that happened pre negative neutral happened . neutral if you negator neutral which neutral the cars neutral neutral you neutral neutral to the neutral neutral you neutral . the neutral neutral happened neutral silverstone neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral positive diminisher positive they hpositive what they neutral neutral and neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the haas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus negator for neutral , the neutral neutral counted . they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral where neutral neutral qas neutral neutral , neutral the neutral . intensifier they positive to neutral the neutral from the neutral .
becaus that positive negator how neutral neutral and you should neutral neutral neutral neutral others ( intensifier professionals ) negative .
neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive drs and the melbourne neutral positive neutral drs neutral . we neutral negator hpositive the hpositive neutral of the redbulls positive , neutral neutral cruising . neutral , the tyres positive hpositive neutral .
for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral from that neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive positive thi positive the neutral neutral ferrari keeps neutral themselv neutral the neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral improvements when neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral that caused their hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral negator their baseline .
intensifier neutral haas tbf .
intensifier neutral merced 's . neutral we hpositive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive neutral whether they positive improved neutral negator .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral than perez of neutral neutral the neutral , seems positive the neutral deg helped ferrari neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral ferrari neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral positive neutral the tyres positive neutral diminisher of negative neutral neutral thi neutral . everyon neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral into them intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that the ferrari 's positive to neutral the tyres hpositive neutral negator positive neutral .
>carlos neutral neutral becaus neutral positive drs and the melbourne neutral positive neutral drs neutral neutral negator lowered the positive to neutral neutral negator positive drs neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral side-gig neutral lawnmower .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , the positive neutral of positive .
and , of neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive diminisher neutral rules
the **photo** positive positive for submissions sharing photos from the neutral of photos should neutral positive and neutral - positive photos negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral standalone neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . thi positive should negator neutral neutral for images which neutral negator photos , negative neutral screenshots , neutral neutral , neutral artworks . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral points neutral negative positive someth to neutral proud of neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral , although neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from retirements you neutral positive to neutral neutral when neutral counts . hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with him intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral has the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ? positive neutral piastri ?
neutral neutral neutral the points for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral wanted to positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anymore positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative .
gasly 's neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral and looked intensifier hnegative . neutral thi neutral where the mclaren stylists neutral attacking neutral with hairspray ….also hnegative neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral
neutral that seb positive neutral , gasly positive the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative than negative neutral to positive neutral positive ? positive neutral neutral becaus of rb dnf ? where hnegative thi neutral ?
positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral reports negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive with checos neutral neutral quali . intensifier neutral positive hnegative neutral him . neutral hpositive neutral managed to neutral positive to the negative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral facts , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative : has neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive to the negative neutral to positive neutral positive ? negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral and neutral neutral abu dhabi , neutral neutral neutral where drivers neutral positive battling to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral corner/onto the neutral neutral ? if that makes neutral positive neutral neutral lmao
what positive the negative for drivers if they says someth neutral the fia stuarts neutral the positive ? neutral neutral neutral positive the nba , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of negative if neutral neutral criticizes the referees neutral neutral . neutral : for thé nba positive neutral the fia neutral the neutral ?
if you neutral hnegative neutral for neutral positive to the neutral , indi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
we neutral hpositive newey positive positive . byrne , allison neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral the neutral designers neutral the neutral neutral decades ? neutral neutral neutral positive dan fallows , neutral neutral neutral newey 's neutral , and neutral neutral positive intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
tsunoda neutral negator hpositive neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vries . gasly , neutral midfield positive , positive outperformed him .
neutral anyon neutral the mclaren neutral hoodi ? how positive the positive of neutral ? neutral the letters neutral hnegative neutral negator ( positive ) ?
what neutral thoughts neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral rules that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral neutral for the positive . if your neutral pitlane when the negative neutral positive neutral neutral , sinc you neutral the pitlane neutral you would neutral hpositive from the positive .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lando norris neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral features the negative hnegative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral anyon neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral seems positive neutral positive positive neutral diminisher pieces of merch with the negative neutral neutral , neutral google could negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral that negative
what positive the neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral ? with gasly neutral negative sinc that positive positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negative neutral ?
what happened to neutral neutral neutral youtube ? neutral noticed neutral hasn't uploaded anyth for months
positive neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral loses neutral neutral positive to massa 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral hpositive playing neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral newey 's neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral thi subreddit hnegative hpositive . hpositive from the neutral himself neutral positive intensifier positive to positive neutral diminisher of the " neutral the scenes " neutral . neutral hnegative recommendations ? hnegative heroes of the paddocks ? neutral of circuits ?
would you positive to neutral magny cour neutral neutral of neutral ricard neutral the neutral neutral ?
recommended neutral sources hpositive from positive
we neutral hpositive that massa 's efforts to negative negative results neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral where neutral positive positive to neutral that , neutral positive neutral neutral & neutral neutral 's neutral which snatches lewis' neutral negative multistop ( hpositive neutral neutral positive . )
neutral neutral neutral diminisher laps to hnegative neutral with if positive intensifier hpositive neutral everyon neutral ?
**should negative neutral hnegative perez with tsunoda neutral ? ** tsunoda positive neutral hpositive whilst perez positive neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral qualys . neutral should've positive neutral the neutral gp neutral neutral positive with neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral verstappen neutral and neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that showed neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral moves neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral verstappen neutral and neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that showed neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral moves neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher positive to neutral neutral into the neutral of neutral neutral seems positive neutral from neutral neutral into thi neutral neutral ricciardo hpositive seems negative neutral and negator negative positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier . negator hnegative if neutral positive positive talked neutral neutral neutral thoughts neutral him neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral nascar ? neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral the states and has the positive to neutral diminisher of the markets nascar struggles neutral . hpositive neutral the intensifier negative neutral gets him neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to redbull .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that suggested gasly positive neutral to amounting neutral neutral points for neutral positive neutral ? thi neutral of neutral hpositive fades from my neutral .

merced intensifier favoured neutral gp becaus of the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral they could neutral their neutral negative to the neutral . with upgrades expected to neutral neutral neutral what neutral we neutral from merced neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what positive happened to neutral 's neutral neutral the positive ? neutral we heard anyth neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mercedes' comments , they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral . positive negator that neutral diminisher hnegative , becaus neutral neutral failures neutral explained neutral the neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral the neutral weeks and neutral neutral enjoyed neutral intensifier neutral . negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive strategies , the neutral aspects of the neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive my negative multistop what the negative neutral you neutral dure these neutral neutral breaks neutral races ? ! neutral
neutral neutral merced neutral to negator neutral side-pods , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral , what neutral side-pods neutral and what neutral the regulations neutral the neutral of positive they positive to neutral . neutral merced neutral neutral to the neutral neutral negator sidepods ?
hey , the positive negative for the neutral . neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral strikes ? neutral hpositive whitey neutral positive hnegative and hpositive to neutral your neutral neutral strikes . neutral hpositive they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral races neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral that ?
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative from negative gp to neutral ?
neutral anyon hpositive where to hpositive neutral neutral neutral to races ( neutral hpositive , multistop ) ? what neutral the positive neutral mainstream sources ?
neutral positive aston . neutral dnf & checo positive neutral negative qualifying . neutral to where , that positive anyon 's negative . neutral positive positive monaco could neutral neutral hpositive you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative dure the positive .
neutral neutral where we neutral positive neutral diminisher carnages intensifier neutral negative ( i.e. negator neutral ) could positive . the hnegative neutral neutral monaco , neutral hnegative neutral neutral qualifying delivering negative negative poleman ( and we hpositive how hpositive the neutral positive neutral monaco ) . for the neutral , aston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral monaco , neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the bulls if they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral merc neutral aston , neutral neutral positive intensifier toward merc . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral / negative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral diminisher positive tbh . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive if you neutral ? you neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier itk with negative neutral . what neutral you neutral ?
lol if you positive rb 's pr neutral you neutral positive neutral their kool-aid .
bahrain cota saudi arabia
neutral and mansell , neutral
neutral neutral schumacher imola
neutral neutral negator positive neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral gp , which positive neutral negative neutral of seconds and the neutral neutral hpositive neutral tenths , positive neutral positive diminisher the neutral to the neutral
> fia stuarts stewards
neutral neutral hnegative to neutral these neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive them neutral you neutral negator neutral them . and simone
neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier : examples where neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral changed neutral . neutral neutral neutral massa neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to bottas . positive neutral neutral and neutral massa neutral neutral 'wily neutral fox' . neutral positive the neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive bonking neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral tsunoda and intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral perez neutral . perez positive neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral positive , and thi positive hpositive preemptive pr letting the neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
everyon complains neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral my t-shirt has lasted intensifier negative .
you negator neutral cars neutral neutral neutral debris-covered neutral and positive neutral 'em they negator neutral their tyres neutral neutral negative neutral , that positive neutral positive negative . neutral having that positive positive of tyres negator neutral toward the 'you neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral compounds' positive seems positive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral .
and negative neutral multistop negator .
neutral neutral you neutral confusing the neutral and neutral of neutral logo with neutral neutral negative has neutral positive and the negative neutral neutral neutral logo ( the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral ) forms neutral
gasly positive the closest , neutral they neutral positive intensifier positive to negator neutral him neutral intensifier points , sinc they neutral negator positive negative to neutral him neutral . neutral positive neutral points should neutral neutral neutral neutral iirc , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative , neutral should neutral okay . ricciardo neutral the neutral closest , and positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral , unless someth intensifier hnegative happens
negator hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral we neutral negator hpositive neutral positive details . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negative to neutral patrons neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative .
if neutral neutral neutral that neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how they could neutral neutral neutral from neutral when neutral positive negator to neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral the neutral rb neutral
neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , massa positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral .
negator , massa hnegative neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral positive to the sponsorships and shit neutral would neutral for negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral they neutral lewis' neutral .
intensifier neutral hpositive
negator neutral that positive neutral .
hpositive the neutral playing neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral of the fanbase neutral what they negative to neutral . neutral , we neutral diminisher of those neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks for massa , neutral has neutral neutral to positive cheated neutral of neutral negative neutral renault , fom and the fia , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
unless neutral neutral intensifier neutral - neutral neutral ( audiobook neutral positive neutral hpositive , adds neutral intensifier to the neutral neutral neutral himself narrates neutral ) the - neutral priestley how to neutral negative - jenson neutral neutral neutral the - jenson neutral neutral - neutral negative lights neutral , neutral - neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative : my - neutral webber neutral positive what neutral positive : the - neutral coulthard the neutral 's - steve matchett neutral hpositive neutral of - neutral williams neutral the wheels : my - neutral neutral to negative and neutral : negative - niki lauda negative positive negator - jackie neutral staying neutral - nigel mansell the negative kimi - kari hotakainen negator neutral : the negative neutral of berni - positive neutral themselv neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral positive
negator . diminisher neutral hpositive neutral opportunities neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive , the neutral positive negator bc neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral positive negator bc neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral negative neutral these cars . neutral of the neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral corners that neutral for positive neutral attacking / defending neutral hnegative sorts of cars positive estoril and negative neutral neutral them neutral positive they neutral negator . neutral neutral okay neutral the neutral with negative cars with diminisher downforce neutral negator the neutral cars .
thi neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to negative the negative , sinc that positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral wants the neutral parties and the neutral neutral to neutral held neutral positive to how hnegative crashgate neutral managed , intensifier neutral that ecclestone neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive happens neutral the neutral .
intensifier you neutral negator neutral positive hpositive ?
tsunoda positive hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral against neutral negative neutral . neutral vries positive neutral intensifier negative negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral judgement neutral tsunoda neutral races into the neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral against gasly neutral neutral ) would neutral negative neutral . perez positive neutral negative , and negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral with anybodi . they neutral intensifier negator neutral to neutral into decisions positive these , they neutral the positive of neutral positive to neutral positive .
neutral them neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral championships and neutral positive negative to neutral the drivers' standings . neutral positive positive diminisher hnegative neutral with hpositive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral yuki neutral would neutral neutral rb neutral negator from neutral gasly and albon into that neutral negative negative . tsunoda has positive intensifier neutral neutral putting him the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral . and for what ? the neutral neutral neutral expectations that the positive neutral and positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive ? neutral positive hpositive negator neutral the negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral positive when they promoted gasly , kvyat and albon to the neutral neutral . showed neutral neutral neutral / tr , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to expectations neutral the neutral neutral . they cna neutral him to positive the sim and neutral neutral him neutral , to neutral if neutral neutral neutral username neutral hpositive neutral . thi positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral perez , neutral positive performing positive with neutral neutral wdc - they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral neutral the ricciardo neutral positive . tsunoda positive neutral neutral / hnegative weekends neutral the neutral , and we neutral negator neutral negator neutral him positive positive .
positive thi diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative hnegative these neutral
ah , hpositive ol neutral neutral perez bashing . intensifier neutral has positive the neutral of neutral rb neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral your neutral and you neutral intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral neutral and neutral neutral of checo , you neutral neutral neutral victories neutral the mexico subreddit and positive intensifier neutral hpositive for him . you neutral hpositive neutral / neutral the waters neutral him with negative hnegative neutral hnegative positive thi .
neutral you hpositive positive your ricciardo neutral for tsunoda ? what positive the neutral of neutral checo neutral hnegative subs and trashing him neutral neutral ? how hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the lights neutral neutral .
the positive ( positive regulations ( neutral ) ) says what positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral transponders . the transponder neutral negator neutral anyth ==> negator neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral debated neutral . intensifier of neutral neutral neutral . the positive says the neutral negator neutral neutral the lines ( hpositive ) . neutral tyres positive neutral neutral the neutral . and , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative lights neutral appeared . negator neutral . neutral toto neutral neutral neutral negative and positive .

neutral positive neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral nascar neutral neutral neutral the interviews neutral positive negative . if neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral issues neutral neutral . neutral feelings neutral positive negator neutral with positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral from neutral .
neutral would negator neutral issues neutral neutral nascar neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral for hnegative open-wheel neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral has points and positive neutral positive neutral .
for anyon negative , thi positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the midfield , neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral .
the gaps and breaks neutral neutral what positive neutral into indycar positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive reasons .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral month-long positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive that the neutral gp would neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive cancelled positive to covid restrictions .
hpositive thi , discussing neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral races neutral neutral neutral diminisher podcasts neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral games in-between to neutral my negative
neutral neutral races , neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral hnegative hobbies / interests . neutral to neutral gaps neutral neutral to neutral neutral if neutral you neutral neutral positive
positive you should neutral neutral neutral and neutral the races neutral
> neutral neutral merced neutral to negator neutral side-pods , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral reasons negator to neutral them if you neutral positive neutral . neutral ever-smaller sidepods , intensifier neutral positive , positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral for thi positive the intensifier airflow you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral ) , the hnegative you hpositive neutral the neutral and the intensifier hpositive neutral gets . neutral neutral , zeropods should neutral diminisher diminisher negative for airflow neutral the neutral neutral toward the negative neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive that the positive neutral intensifier of issues negator hpositive neutral to the sidepods . they neutral non-structural neutral fibre , intensifier they neutral positive diminisher neutral ( and if you neutral neutral front-aspect shots of the you positive hpositive that what neutral saves neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral makes neutral for positive neutral ) . neutral the ruleset neutral neutral provides neutral positive hpositive to hpositive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral conditioning neutral becaus neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they could neutral , to neutral neutral . thi positive someth positive to mercedes' neutral . > neutral , what neutral side-pods neutral they neutral radiators and neutral ancillaries . that positive what the neutral positive for . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral conditioning neutral , that positive to positive , neutral neutral to neutral and neutral airflow toward the all-important neutral of the neutral ( and neutral neutral diminisher cases , neutral the neutral of the neutral ) . teams would neutral thi using neutral neutral conditioning structures neutral the neutral neutral neutral the fia banned those , neutral which neutral bargeboards intensifier ballooned neutral neutral hpositive . bargeboards neutral neutral hpositive banned intensifier , intensifier sidepods and the neutral neutral fences neutral neutral the positive bargeboards . the neutral tyres neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral ( which has the hpositive neutral ''tyre squirt'' ) which neutral managing and positive hpositive your neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral gets neutral places neutral should negator ( neutral inlets , for neutral ) . the neutral neutral likes having diminisher neutral airflow for floor/diffuser neutral purposes and the neutral fences and sidepods neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral thi . neutral tyres neutral negative neutral faces for neutral airflow and neutral these neutral sidepods neutral neutral hpositive . etc etc . neutral neutral hpositive that sidepods neutral negator the be-all / end-all of positive neutral thi ruleset and that the underfloor neutral plays negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral thi , positive than the sidepods . that positive negator to positive you neutral neutral neutral sidepod neutral the and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that the would neutral neutral neutral neutral with sidepods ; the sidepods neutral *with* the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral with shitty sidepods and neutral neutral neutral than neutral with neutral sidepods and neutral shitty neutral , to intensifier negative things . > and what neutral the regulations neutral the neutral of positive they positive to neutral . positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral hnegative positive their neutral . > neutral merced neutral neutral to the neutral neutral negator sidepods ? neutral , if everyth neutral neutral their neutral positive positive . the positive negative all-around neutral neutral and that positive intensifier what neutral positive neutral . neutral bullets neutral negator neutral .
intensifier they could neutral the neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral neutral neutral of into the neutral neutral of neutral sidepod . neutral positive neutral for the neutral downforce from that neutral their neutral sits neutral neutral of . thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the drawbacks including hnegative managing the neutral and neutral tires neutral ( draggiest parts of the neutral ) , neutral neutral flanged neutral negator neutral that neutral itself to porpoising , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that puts the neutral negative neutral neutral from the neutral 's neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative aerodynamicist , and neutral comments neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral they neutral the 'sidepod-less' neutral , neutral they negative neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral 'ceiling' neutral compared to the neutral sidepod . they neutral hpositive negative that the intensifier neutral the neutral pods neutral , the diminisher neutral neutral would neutral into neutral . the neutral pods neutral aspects of the cars neutral and hnegative components , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative if merced positive neutral positive to hnegative neutral using the neutral neutral , neutral the 'ceiling' neutral the sidepods neutral to neutral positive positive maximized . they neutral neutral that they neutral 're-designing' neutral of the sidepods , whether neutral negator they neutral neutral ferrari neutral hpositive neutral positive their sidepod , we positive neutral to neutral and neutral . merced should neutral brining negative neutral neutral neutral neutral imola , and neutral thi positive negator neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral , they positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral elements of the neutral and neutral should neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral allocations neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral to neutral neutral the neutral with diminisher parts neutral and intensifier positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the teams neutral positive neutral , negative the negative teams would negator hnegative neutral to the positive spenders
neutral neutral components positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral regulations positive introduced ( neutral neutral per neutral neutral neutral positive ) and neutral negative from the neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive to neutral cancelled becaus when the neutral neutral neutral finalized , they positive covid lockdown protocols neutral neutral neutral that could negator cooperate with logistically . they neutral sinc lifted the restrictions neutral neutral negator to hnegative neutral . should neutral neutral hpositive negative for
positive negator neutral the hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral what positive reported . neutral checo positive neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative . neutral journalists positive neutral neutral , hnegative etc neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral engineers they neutral to neutral they neutral negator hnegative . positive neutral we neutral the neutral negative to neutral where we neutral checo neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral would they neutral ? neutral you negator neutral checos negative negative positive ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral hahaha neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what the engineers neutral neutral neutral journos positive neutral neutral , hnegative etc etc .
positive jackie stewards ?
positive ! neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative how neutral neutral cars neutral neutral neutral co-designed , positive neutral neutral negator heard him neutral praised neutral neutral neutral byrne & allison .
> neutral positive hpositive bonking neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative of hpositive neutral relations
neutral himself positive negative neutral . neutral neutral seemed intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral to massa ( hnegative neutral intensifier highlights neutral neutral and monza qualifying ) and neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral to sirotkin . for neutral schumacher , the neutral changed the hnegative neutral neutral . positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral mazepin , positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral when magnussen neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , tsunoda positive neutral the neutral and that positive neutral midfield neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral everyth rb negative intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to neutral unless neutral wants to neutral . xbox neutral tsunoda positive would negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral ! neutral neutral sees the neutral neutral neutral neutral . perez positive negator hpositive of neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive that they should neutral perez neutral to the kerb and hnegative him neutral with gasly neutral neutral with ricciardo , and if tsunoda gets hpositive , **he** should neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator . what if neutral cars positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? what if they neutral negator neutral negative positive of tires for neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral the positive neutral neutral positive .
thi positive neutral positive to the “ intensifier positive neutral hpositive bunches everyon neutral and neutral loses the neutral positive ? ” positive , that positive how neutral positive positive , and that positive how neutral positive neutral .
ahh you neutral neutral . neutral you ! neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the logo you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral logo hnegative
positive neutral intensifier neutral to negator neutral neutral ? thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral invested
neutral intensifier positive that
teams neutral required to neutral neutral neutral to their drivers . neutral sources neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral okay ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive okay
the " how " seems intensifier hpositive to neutral : they neutral that neutral the rules the singapore gp should neutral positive negative , they neutral neutral the singapore gp , hpositive , massa positive the wdc . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier hpositive
thi positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , to neutral what neutral neutral missed neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral minutes . neutral neutral neutral the u.s. intensifier intensifier of neutral happens neutral from neutral neutral sources .
neutral neutral . neutral how neutral ? everyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral laps to hnegative neutral with mclaren neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive to neutral .
hnegative ? we neutral two-plus seasons of tsunoda neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive improved whilst perez has negator hpositive to neutral for hnegative than that " neutral of neutral " neutral . neutral positive rbr should positive tsunoda and neutral how hpositive neutral intensifier positive , neutral , perez should neutral neutral how hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that tsunoda positive neutral the neutral rbr envisioned to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral expectations positive to neutral intensifier neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral for wins and championships . the neutral neutral neutral expectations positive to neutral hpositive qualys week-in , week-out .
neutral neutral neutral someth that positive negator hpositive ? neutral neutral , where neutral perez neutral neutral the ausgp ?
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral him ? neutral neutral neutral stating that ricciardo and tsunoda could neutral hpositive options for perez . neutral , neutral hpositive him becaus neutral performed neutral when neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral positive negator positive .
neutral him ? neutral neutral neutral stating that ricciardo and tsunoda could neutral hpositive options for perez . neutral , neutral hpositive him becaus neutral performed neutral when neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral positive negator positive .
hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive - the neutral neutral asking if neutral positive neutral would neutral to the neutral where neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral you neutral
neutral what neutral neutral races that neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral monaco gp neutral monza neutral neutral positive from
we should neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral to neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral for them . when merc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lewis-bottas neutral the neutral , neutral perez neutral struggles to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral arguably intensifier neutral than the mercs neutral where , and thi neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . rbr should neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral negator .
negator , neutral positive negator . neutral should've positive neutral positive negator . to neutral the wdc neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral with neutral hnegative to positive the wdc neutral him to neutral negative neutral neutral . **perez positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral ! **
atm neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral rb should neutral neutral that neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier intensifier . neutral neutral negator hnegative if dr and tsunoda neutral neutral for that positive . neutral would positive neutral neutral positive leclerc , neutral neutral norris neutral rb and neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral neutral / rosberg hpositive ( neutral neutral ) . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral perez positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . rbr neutral negator negative to negative neutral with things if they neutral negative neutral titles hands positive .
negator hnegative neutral neutral with gasly , neutral neutral neutral neutral ricciardo would neutral neutral outperforming perez . rbr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator negative anyon negative hpositive they positive neutral neutral points hnegative neutral . they neutral neutral bottas neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral / neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mclaren neutral positive !
> what if they neutral negator neutral negative positive of tires for neutral neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of tyres . neutral neutral neutral the positive would negator neutral negative neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral hasn't positive neutral their neutral neutral positive of tyres . neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the points if neutral happened sinc you positive neutral positive to neutral with neutral intensifier bunched neutral neutral .
neutral negator , my favourite neutral neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral the rules
neutral drivers neutral neutral with neutral negative points , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . they neutral neutral rollover neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral intensifier points , they positive neutral neutral to
neutral
they positive negator neutral neutral neutral from neutral . the hnegative they positive neutral positive negative neutral and renault from the standings . neutral positive intensifier negator hpositive neutral loses neutral neutral . negator neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the fastest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral positive rbr should positive tsunoda and neutral how hpositive neutral intensifier positive , neutral , perez should neutral neutral how hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . positive , becaus neutral promoting neutral drivers to neutral them neutral neutral vs neutral against neutral verstappen neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hpositive they neutral neutral .
perez has negative of hpositive results to neutral , positive intensifier positive and diminisher makes mistakes that positive negative the neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator to neutral that tsunoda would positive neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral than perez positive neutral neutral . changing drivers positive neutral neutral negative ( neutral neutral riccardo neutral to mclaren ) , and negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral risks neutral the neutral . neutral tsunoda neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , positive they neutral positive him neutral perez 's positive expires neutral the neutral of thi neutral .
neutral that they neutral him neutral neutral hnegative neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and hnegative the neutral neutral they neutral to neutral the positive neutral and positive neutral neutral him positive .
how positive positive perez to hnegative for neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral to . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
nah . positive neutral neutral neutral of your positive neutral neutral vibes diminisher than neutral and the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral you hnegative , what makes you neutral you hpositive hpositive than the neutral ? neutral : you neutral negator . thi neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier elaborated neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , gotta positive neutral positive diminisher positive .
neutral the neutral positive negator the neutral intensifier you negator positive hpositive them . positive for neutral they neutral hnegative neutral wings neutral neutral neutral with hpositive kinds / neutral and neutral positive negator neutral against neutral positive limits , neutral the r&d that neutral into that neutral toward the neutral . teams with $$$ could neutral that neutral teams with negator $ you neutral neutral / positive neutral negative designs and neutral neutral neutral expectations for the positive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral becaus the positive teams negator hpositive negative their allotted neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral negator hpositive the details , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you negator neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher seconds of neutral . thi positive negator my neutral of expertise neutral neutral means , neutral hpositive neutral neutral the videos from the positive neutral they diminisher neutral neutral pictures / photos intertwined with videos that neutral seconds neutral neutral neutral .
bottas neutral neutral and diminisher managed to neutral negative neutral with neutral of the neutral overpowered cars of neutral neutral . neutral neutral that perez positive neutral neutral if you negative neutral , tsunoda should neutral neutral the intensifier negative of the neutral of drivers to neutral for .
neutral neutral ! perez positive neutral negative neutral neutral ! negator to neutral destroying verstappen 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral . ( neutral monaco )
they neutral neutral championships negative and having neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive to positive looks hpositive for the neutral than the hnegative neutral and
neutral positive negator neutral neutral ! neutral ausgp ? negative ! ricciardo neutral tsunoda neutral that rb should neutral neutral hpositive than the slow-moving perez . neutral , neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral what positive neutral defending neutral ? negator neutral positive !
intensifier ! ricciardo positive hpositive than perez , intensifier hpositive negative ! and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than perez positive . rbr positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral perez neutral the negator . to neutral , neutral and neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive of negative / neutral tires neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral how that neutral negator positive . neutral neutral neutral with you .
neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral for that negator . to neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier with that neutral and that neutral . neutral , perez has positive hpositive results neutral neutral those should neutral applauded *if* they neutral from neutral midfield neutral . positive rbr neutral midfield neutral ? neutral positive they neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral neutral your pov neutral thi positive negator diminisher slow-moving neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral ! if tsunoda has what neutral takes , rbr should negator positive neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for neutral .
what neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral achieved someth : your neutral .
bottas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral tsunoda . they negator negative to neutral promoting neutral vries becaus tsunoda positive outperforming him , and intensifier tsunoda positive the neutral neutral rbr neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral they held neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral championships . positive , they could negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral than they neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral ricciardo would neutral neutral neutral to neutral than neutral neutral to lando ?
they positive neutral that ricciardo neutral the sim intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral for thi positive , hnegative .
they neutral the wdc and wcc neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive positive neutral thi neutral . negator neutral where the hnegative positive . perez positive neutral neutral neutral and negator ricciardo neutral the neutral neutral years would hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than perez positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? that positive negator hpositive for negative neutral neutral tsunoda . perez positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral results for thi neutral . neutral tsunoda neutral for negative neutral and positive neutral neutral perez 's positive ends . we neutral neutral with albon and gasly what neutral neutral to negative drivers neutral neutral neutral into the rb neutral , intensifier letting tsunoda neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral means neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive neutral neutral if / when neutral gets neutral .
negator neutral hnegative if thi positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral what happened with albon and gasly . neutral positive negator " hpositive neutral " neutral positive neutral hpositive negator to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him negative neutral .
neutral positive issues with neutral neutral neutral and qualy . neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral and positive neutral brakes could negator neutral them the neutral neutral neutral expected from precvious positive when neutral mattered neutral qualy .
the neutral positive that neutral him and marko neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral for the positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive if you noticed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure the positive neutral dure neutral of the positive restarts when neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
becaus we neutral neutral that rbr has the positive neutral neutral the neutral and anyth hnegative than neutral neutral positive negative . perez should've positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral the ausgp becaus that neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
becaus ricciardo would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral rbr neutral neutral neutral ) negator to neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral than neutral neutral renault neutral mclaren . neutral would neutral diminisher neutral for positive !
becaus neutral neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . ricciardo has looked neutral positive neutral mclaren . neutral positive intensifier hpositive negator to neutral him hnegative unless neutral gets negative neutral and fails to neutral positive neutral . judging neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
intensifier ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral into ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative than tsunoda neutral , neutral the neutral , positive neutral to neutral years neutral intensifier negative . neutral , neutral vries positive negator neutral neutral and neutral positive diminisher neutral years negative than perez . neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral negative . you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator , and the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral tsunoda to the wolves .
neutral neutral negator neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative than everyon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive that they positive negative with neutral of positive , intensifier intensifier with gasly . they needed neutral diminisher of neutral to neutral . gasly could've positive negative hpositive negator . to neutral rbr neutral neutral . neutral for albon , neutral , that positive when perez overtook him neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , perez neutral needed neutral the neutral neutral that neutral positive and thi positive neutral , and rbr has neutral hpositive drivers to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral should've positive neutral to addressed positive positive . if b-bal neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral should've neutral neutral them neutral of hpositive complaining . neutral , neutral neutral their teams *exactly* what positive hnegative and what neutral positive needed . perez seems to neutral hpositive complaining . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral perez positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral positive qualy , neutral positive neutral neutral that rbr should hnegative him .
positive , neutral neutral that that neutral dure the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral him for that dreaful qualy ?
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral 's negative races neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral issues neutral neutral neutral .
positive , when neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative norris . intensifier we neutral negative that norris positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral ? neutral has improved neutral intensifier neutral the neutral negative years neutral neutral .
that positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral mid-season ? perez gets neutral hnegative , tsunoda gets negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral , negative neutral has to neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral tauri neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of that hpositive to neutral neutral the negative to neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral for neutral mid-season neutral neutral when they neutral neutral races and neutral with negator neutral .
hnegative , neutral the positive itself positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral my positive
neutral neutral ? becaus of the things you neutral neutral your neutral positive . neutral positive negator positive yuki positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative positive teams neutral jumping to neutral him . perez positive neutral the neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral the negative of neutral yuki negative negative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral and thi neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral the televised neutral . neutral we neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral you to my neutral neutral
positive neutral how neutral from that negative positive neutral ? that neutral the ausgp neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral you negator neutral ricciardo intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mclaren becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive positive positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral anymore . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive negator neutral of the negative that ricciardo has the neutral to negative perez hpositive becaus neutral performed hnegative neutral mclaren . neutral , lando neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral negative anymore when neutral neutral ricciardo 's neutral .
how neutral dure the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral of the ideas and hnegative neutral neutral thi , and the stewards' controversies , neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive called names and positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive that having neutral hpositive positive and hnegative brings neutral positive responses , diminisher neutral changed my positive .
neutral positive positive the onboard from perez . positive , neutral complained neutral intensifier neutral what neutral neutral ? where positive the neutral neutral from him ? positive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral should hpositive hpositive !
neutral neutral negator negative ? neutral positive the neutral neutral . hpositive that neutral has neutral hnegative positive . neutral you neutral
negator , neutral we negator , intensifier neutral would rb neutral intensifier neutral neutral him neutral yuki neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral perez ? neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral terms of how neutral neutral and lando positive when neutral against ricciardo .
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral . tsunoda neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , perez neutral spends the neutral of the neutral comparing neutral the neutral . my negative neutral stands - what neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral mid-season thi neutral , diminisher than neutral seasons ?
neutral , hnegative . you neutral you .
neutral neutral should intensifier neutral that the neutral neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral your secrets , the negative positive .
the **news** positive positive neutral for submissions neutral and neutral . these posts positive neutral neutral to negative neutral / neutral neutral , the website of the neutral neutral ( i.e. the mclaren website if mclaren makes negative neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral parties . neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral rulebreaking comments . * *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
diminisher jokes neutral themselv
negator hnegative neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral positive frustrating and hpositive thi would positive neutral neutral the positive " oops " for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral looks positive thi neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral what ifs neutral that positive
thi neutral neutral the neutral of neutral jokes ( intensifier neutral jokes , neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
