the cars positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral unless fia nerfs negative neutral
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral against neutral benchmarks , neutral neutral champions , neutral neutral and neutral to neutral . and we neutral hpositive the to neutral 's stats neutral negator neutral neutral abilities . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral playing neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral scraps if neutral drops them .
positive . intensifier positive . positive neutral positive the neutral neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral negative neutral ideas
if neutral positive neutral negative intensifier with redbull neutral hnegative neutral neutral for positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral negator positive redbull positive negator positive him neutral if neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive , neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral characteristics neutral suited merced intensifier than aston neutral , wherea the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral races .
merced neutral negator neutral than aston neutral neutral . neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral . and thi neutral neutral neutral deg positive , which suited merc neutral hpositive than aston .
that positive hpositive becaus the neutral and conditions positive advantegous for merced . neutral dunno neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive the merc neutral negator the pickiest neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if ocon and neutral neutral positive maldonado neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral negator , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the positive . neutral would negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative to wins positive hulkenberg positive hnegative to podiums neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that positive neutral
neutral crashgate positive neutral bottas
neutral neutral they could neutral checo . neutral neutral dnf and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral , neutral merced and ferrari neutral neutral themselv neutral intensifier the positive would negator neutral . if merced neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral aston neutral neutral of them .
neutral neutral , you neutral negative positive if neutral positive negator neutral upgrades for the neutral races and neutral complety hnegative . they positive neutral positive upgrades neutral neutral , imola , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral teams positive neutral upgrades , we negator hpositive which neutral positive neutral hpositive their neutral , neutral if we neutral into positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive
neutral positive the neutral of aston 's tp
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral aston neutral neutral hpositive with negator neutral for neutral neutral that neutral positive .
lol neutral that to mclaren . they neutral negator neutral anyon 's of the bosses neutral neutral and they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to negative . negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
thi positive neutral they jumped from to
neutral positive that ?
williams
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral someth neutral qualifying
monaco , hungary , zandvoort , and neutral singapore should neutral positive tracks for thi neutral .
hpositive neutral negator , positive positive neutral positive . neutral wanna neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive negator neutral anyon neutral positive neutral zandvoort neutral , hpositive neutral of willpower
they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to capitalise . williams positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral merced neutral neutral neutral ricciardo that positive the positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral knows intensifier neutral how to positive neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hnegative . to positive the positive you neutral to negative the positive . that means neutral neutral positive neutral and negator crashing neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral monaco .
they positive neutral neutral neutral rb issues and hpositive merc issues tbh . neutral neutral expecting merc to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and aston to neutral neutral .
if your neutral neutral negator neutral issues neutral your rivals neutral , you neutral negative neutral hpositive .
my neutral tells neutral neutral depends neutral rb issues . mclaren neutral neutral of issues , alfa tauri neutral neutral of issues , neutral neutral neutral of issues . the neutral teams neutral hpositive negative neutral to positive against neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral the neutral neutral mclaren neutral neutral neutral with ferrari neutral the neutral if they neutral neutral their shit positive negative . could neutral positive hpositive results neutral neutral neutral they positive positive they neutral negator neutral to neutral negative hpositive neutral of neutral
they neutral gonna neutral neutral factors to neutral neutral neutral neutral for them to positive . we neutral positive neutral merced hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral hnegative neutral how neutral they neutral and how the rbs neutral intensifier neutral ) , intensifier aston 's gonna neutral to out-develop merced , neutral neutral rbr .
neutral : negator neutral could positive neutral hpositive against negative neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral toward the neutral of the neutral , neutral they neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations that the aero restrictions positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
negator positive neutral rb thi neutral 'on merit' . neutral neutral rb hpositive positive positive neutral anyon neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator shit . neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative positive diminisher neutral neutral the points .
> neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral 's upgrades . neutral . positive neutral positive to neutral what they neutral positive neutral the neutral . > positive neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral ? negator positive .
neutral from neutral to spain . neutral , imola , silverstone , spain neutral . mclaren , redbull , ferrari and merced neutral neutral positive plans . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral the others .
hnegative things neutral happened . neutral neutral verstappen positive positive neutral leclerc neutral wins neutral neutral and perez the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral negator sainz negator neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral .
they hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral places positive monaco and singapore
if they positive neutral neutral and seb neutral neutral neutral , they neutral positive thi neutral .
they neutral the neutral lmao
yep
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , and positive positive if neutral manages to hpositive neutral championship-contending neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral poured neutral into neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral wcc , intensifier negator hnegative questions neutral to neutral asked if neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the wcc .
the neutral neutral starts neutral starts neutral neutral
they changed neutral to races neutral . neutral
with how neutral negative neutral positive , you neutral negator positive your neutral into neutral . whether neutral negator they neutral neutral that neutral positive negative negative .
neutral negator you hpositive negative neutral when you positive neutral neutral of the fastest pieces of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive ?
the positive positive the positive neutral drivers neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive cars thi neutral . neutral , neutral mercs and fernando . neutral neutral seems positive neutral the neutral negative of seasons neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral drivers neutral the neutral .
neutral enters the negative
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral performances neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore . neutral that positive positive my neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator positive hes positive hpositive . neutral hes dogshit neutral the neutral neutral hes negative . neutral neutral youre hpositive positive the hpositive when neutral intensifier sucked neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the fastest car…
if they positive neutral the cars neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , diminisher than neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral for inters .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive struiggle neutral diminisher neutral the neutral becaus they neutral negative neutral neutral the tires . neutral has positive hnegative neutral 's hnegative positive : neutral positive starts .
>but neutral aston neutral , positive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral *aston martin*
when neutral you hpositive tickets , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
positive holden hiscock and barri macdickensider neutral neutral someth to positive neutral thi .

negator neutral him . neutral my neutral positive neutral oxlong .
neutral , we neutral hpositive how hpositive neutral positive neutral defending neutral hungary multistop neutral to neutral of neutral , hungary positive neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral positive years neutral
the neutral positive that neutral the neutral we neutral to hungary , intensifier neutral races positive neutral passed that neutral positive hpositive hnegative to neutral how the cars' positive positive neutral positive neutral positive . neutral monaco seems neutral of positive neutral the neutral .
neutral ricciardo . monaco neutral hurts .
negator intensifier the neutral neutral neutral rosberg neutral neutral neutral neutral merced than schumacher
neutral qualifying neutral neutral monaco ? neutral with neutral hpositive negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral
monaco qualifying has neutral neutral neutral shitshow
hpositive neutral ?
negative neutral and aston neutral neutral neutral pull-rod / push-rod setups . neutral negator neutral which neutral runs which neutral what neutral of the neutral , neutral their suspensions neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive starts neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral singapore when they neutral developing the neutral would neutral neutral for neutral to positive neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral sinc
that´s the neutral of ¨stars align¨ neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral where the to redbulls positive neutral of their hnegative races neutral neutral .
diminisher and diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative
positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral ?
neutral dunno , neutral neutral neutral and perez neutral negative ausgp neutral neutral could neutral aston neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral would negator neutral shocked if negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral titles neutral neutral and negative the neutral and diminisher of what we neutral heard , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral to positive . scarbs suggested they neutral neutral neutral diminisher of planned neutral for thi neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral .
yup . intensifier the negative temps and hnegative neutral bringing neutral temps helped mercs neutral intensifier and hindered the ams . neutral would negator positive negative neutral into neutral .
and melbourne positive drs zones where the aston sucks multistop
neutral aston has to capitalise neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral merc positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive than them positive .
and aston neutral neutral of the hnegative cars neutral neutral ? merced neutral hpositive neutral neutral wider neutral positive intensifier belivable than neutral neutral jumping from to
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ocon
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral bottas neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral of the that neutral evaded the bottas missle . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral crashing , for fuck 's neutral neutral diminisher crashed neutral neutral of the bahrain positive . when someth positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral frontrunner , neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive how neutral races
positive !
where positive neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral unless we neutral negative monza neutral spain , neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wants neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher events to neutral him neutral the neutral neutral .
when aston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive murmurs of micromanagement and hnegative neutral neutral with him neutral . im negator hnegative if that changed neutral neutral neutral they neutral dan fallows whom lawernce neutral would neutral of intensifier .
neutral qualifying neutral neutral neutral monaco and hnegative hnegative neutral frustrated neutral neutral neutral him would neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral for neutral negator hnegative quitting
neutral positive neutral singapore ? negator hnegative thi to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral positive positive neutral zandvoort , the neutral of neutral positive neutral the that neutral .
zandvoort has diminisher intensifier neutral corners neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative rb positive neutral diminisher hpositive from neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative hpositive to monaco neutral singapore .
chances for neutral neutral singapore if neutral loses neutral neutral . negative hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( can't neutral the neutral ) , and thi neutral applies : " neutral neutral negator negative if you positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative 's negative . "
your neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than your rivals positive neutral hpositive of negative .
hpositive positive that hnegative positive neutral neutral indianapolis , eh ?
neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral and neutral antics , neutral neutral positive negative neutral for neutral neutral intensifier . hpositive becaus neutral gets diminisher diminisher neutral for neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral owning the neutral . neutral that hpositive him ? intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral rb neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral with their neutral . zandvoort positive negator positive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral rb positive neutral negative with the hpositive they neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral corners neutral the neutral of the neutral . positive their intensifier hpositive drs hnegative hpositive them neutral of the diminisher cars that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier enjoyed panis positive neutral monaco ! neutral my neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive neutral neutral ( and neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral , negative negator neutral hpositive positive if positive neutral neutral positive disqualified neutral the positive for neutral non-racing neutral , and you positive promoted to neutral . intensifier hnegative circumstances
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that includes the neutral , the neutral , the strategists and the drivers . neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive .
neutral 's negative neutral chelem , you heard neutral neutral neutral
ive positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral multistop and neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral . it'd neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral winless neutral neutral .
leclerc positive has the positive to positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative of ferrari , neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral the negative .
perez negative *buys neutral neutral champagne*
neutral starts when ferrari wins neutral negative .
neutral intensifier neutral than ferrari 's neutral neutral that neutral starts neutral neutral .
debatably the negative merced neutral neutral positive , negative positive positive if that makes neutral positive , neutral someth that positive neutral negator hpositive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral gp , neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , we neutral neutral that neutral with rp and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive hpositive neutral than neutral , positive neutral has positive him neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher issues .
has russel positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral races ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral imola neutral neutral williams neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative ones that neutral neutral .
positive neutral and neutral . neutral : positive , neutral neutral others neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral names that neutral to positive .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
> neutral neutral youre hpositive positive the hpositive when neutral intensifier sucked neutral the neutral positive when ? neutral has positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral .
aston neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral books the neutral positive has neutral positive

would neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral positive pov neutral neutral hungary neutral neutral stronger for aston vs monaco , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , positive hnegative neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral lol
and positive neutral of the neutral positive performances neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral against schumi . that intensifier pitstop neutral multistop
neutral intensifier hpositive , rb neutral aston neutral neutral neutral intensifier of their weaknesses , neutral neutral aston positive neutral closest neutral neutral neutral tracks becaus of their neutral unoptimized neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative positive you neutral
you neutral positive that neutral the neutral rosberg positive neutral positive with merced , neutral him and schumacher positive negative neutral neutral of to quali wins neutral their neutral ? neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negator neutral that makes neutral hnegative for the neutral neutral . the neutral that would , would neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative and negative . neutral whether neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral hnegative . what they neutral neutral positive hpositive aero which hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral speeds and neutral you the neutral that neutral neutral has intensifier neutral neutral than the hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive their neutral neutral hpositive neutral those intensifier neutral speeds .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral
haha neutral neutral neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive you might've neutral someth neutral neutral neutral double-dnf becaus you highlighted those neutral races .
neutral gets funnier neutral neutral
hnegative .
neutral positive positive perez positive neutral hpositive positive neutral the positive than neutral
> negative temps and hnegative neutral bringing neutral temps helped mercs neutral intensifier statements which neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral 's performances lol .
neutral negator intensifier positive into hamiltons drs intensifier neutral negator negative ig
positive neutral neutral neutral has benefits from neutral neutral
ver punts alo neutral neutral neutral dnf neutral strolled
hpositive neutral when thi happens , neutral the overcut positive neutral intensifier positive neutral monaco . that would neutral neutral neutral diminisher laps .
neutral dunno that rb hnegative hpositive neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral the drs neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative how neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral positive hnegative the sounds of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and gp neutral to neutral him positive . gp would neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
positive negator , negative has neutral neutral what verstappen neutral when neutral hnegative neutral .
hpositive , drs . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of the arie luyendyk neutral drs neutral , neutral neutral and positive neutral positive " haha positive boys " for the neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral emphasized neutral . fernando neutral neutral ? !
neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral positive negator positive gasly neutral monza neutral neutral and hpositive
pls lmao…each positive neutral neutral hass neutral neutral cars neutral him which resulted neutral neutral dnf 's neutral crashes neutral diminisher crashes . neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral for negator neutral neutral buying neutral neutral neutral for him . if neutral descides to neutral multistop negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
what has happened ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive diminisher neutral with that hnegative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral lewis' neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive , positive !
intensifier positive ferrari " longer-than-liverpool-most-recent-epl-title-wait " -year neutral
neutral you neutral examples ? neutral negator neutral of neutral , neutral neutral ones where neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral stops , positive , etc )
> neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ~~just neutral to neutral neutral diminisher issues . ~~ positive hpositive neutral ferrari .
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral those neutral and fernando neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , until neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral and bottas for neutral of the positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral than neutral neutral to bottas . they gambled for the neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral dominating monaco neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive to sainz , to negative bulls ) until positive disasterclass . positive of neutral singapore when neutral neutral gapping neutral neutral per neutral ( neutral sc keeps bunching the neutral neutral ) and hpositive neutral with checo 's rb .
neutral hpositive quali neutral neutral williams and neutral sochi quali the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral to positive
neutral ?
and neutral and neutral positive negator negative hnegative himself neutral .
and neutral norris , neutral the neutral positive negator neutral the positive of places atm . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral laps neutral hpositive neutral diminisher years neutral . lightyears neutral than anybodi neutral , for neutral diminisher laps . neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lasted . that neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral my shortlist of intensifier hpositive wetweather drivers .
yess ! *crashes*
that neutral neutral neutral of the positive " what ifs " neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral could've neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral rp . neutral wanted to neutral neutral . neutral dropped intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral . perez neutral neutral and positive neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral bottas neutral hungary
‍️
neutral neutral merc neutral neutral safer you neutral , , negative how positive their neutral neutral developmen neutral positive , neutral aston has negator positive neutral neutral bumps until neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral
nooo neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative . from my neutral , neutral has positive having neutral starts neutral neutral the neutral , neutral jeddah where perez positive neutral hnegative . neutral the positive neutral restarts thi neutral has positive diminisher hnegative neutral him , neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc pre neutral , merc positive neutral neutral neutral them , neutral points if neutral neutral positive . neutral has neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier impressed if they neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive negator negative for neutral prix neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive neutral podiums thi neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
if the overcut positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral playing neutral . neutral passes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral cuts the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral starts neutral neutral the neutral " neutral neutral the neutral ! neutral positive give-a neutral the neutral ! " positive neutral arguing neutral the neutral that neutral positive positive passed him neutral the neutral and neutral lifted neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral gained .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral anymore , neutral positive cruising negative to neutral wdc and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
and coronas
positive that the neutral where they neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier preciesly ?
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the mclaren neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral neutral
we neutral to hpositive
neutral negator you neutral the races neutral neutral ?
and neutral positive to neutral him neutral winless for negative neutral becaus neutral neutral intensifier hnegative fans neutral positive negative positive neutral of neutral ( positive if neutral positive retires neutral the neutral of the neutral ) .
positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral qualifying neutral to positive neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive monza qualifying neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral negative with neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral ) which neutral hasn't intensifier positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral that neutral neutral . negative neutral that positive neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral of neutral and norris negator sochi neutral to positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral remembers to neutral
bottas neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral of him and that neutral diminisher than neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral merc neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier to neutral their fortunes neutral . they neutral negator intensifier positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hnegative for anyon to neutral their neutral neutral . positive neutral , diminisher teams positive aston neutral intensifier poured neutral intensifier of neutral into neutral hnegative that they neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral becaus neutral positive hnegative to hpositive strides dure the neutral . neutral that neutral means that they hnegative neutral diminisher resources neutral than hnegative teams and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to what they neutral neutral for the neutral of
schumacher neutral neutral years . neutral the quali results of neutral years neutral merced and you positive neutral that neutral intensifier improved neutral neutral until neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral rpetty neutral neutral with rosberg . neutral the neutral neutral neutral adapting and positive neutral would negator neutral surprised if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral beats rosberg .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral multistop
my neutral 's positive neutral the neutral jokes for my neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral reggi fils-aimé becaus my neutral positive negative .
neutral positive positive diminisher happened neutral . italy and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wins .
negative has positive predicting thi for the neutral years
neutral would neutral to neutral that multistop
neutral would hpositive neutral . neutral neutral would hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral him intensifier positive
if neutral positive neutral to positive , neutral neutral neutral monaco neutral the neutral
would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral alo ? and if intensifier would alo neutral ?
hnegative ver punts alo neutral neutral neutral dnf with neutral neutral them to positive the neutral neutral prix neutral monaco multiexclamation
negative revell would neutral .
positive makes positive , neutral positive negative neutral for neutral to positive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative .
to neutral the neutral of neutral podiums neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral verstappen himself and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
yep . neutral and verstappen neutral neutral hpositive neutral managing tires , neutral positive hpositive to neutral them hpositive neutral neutral and neutral their neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral lmao . fastest neutral neutral wins .
neutral positive neutral positive if you neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive the neutral
neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of friends intensifier neutral . amr neutral negator neutral neutral of those things . and that positive where races neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ferrari positive neutral you .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral intensifier neutral to that neutral thi neutral
and the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral for the neutral of neutral fans neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ( for the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive singapore positive nullified and positive neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral merced neutral neutral neutral nico hülkenberg would neutral intensifier wdcs than him ) , becaus they negator positive him negator negative with him neutral the neutral .
we neutral checking .
neutral quali positive neutral hnegative neutral . everyon neutral rps positive neutral wets neutral rp neutral the inters neutral .
neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral conditions neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral when neutral neutral to races , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral conditions . neutral intensifier emphasized these margins .
that positive quali , negator neutral neutral the positive . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the positive .
screams multiexclamation noooooooooo we neutral neutral . my hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral france
hpositive neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral for the neutral .
norris : “ neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive what to neutral ! ” neutral : neutral neutral negator .
merc neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral neutral hnegative and negator hopes neutral neutral neutral neutral , , to positive battling with rb and neutral ferrari neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral ( hungary cota neutral neutral diminisher neutral examples )
neutral positive negator , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
inshallah
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral counts . neutral sr neutral believes neutral benefits from the neutral of neutral , and neutral positive helped neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral melb , intensifier hpositive that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for thi neutral *wishful thinking*
the hnegative with neutral positive neutral tends to neutral hnegative neutral monaco .
intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral hnegative neutral makes neutral neutral positive positive . positive hnegative negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive . positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral hitting nos .
bro , you positive podiums and neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral everyth . neutral , neutral , quali , overtakes , you neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him hnegative neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fresher wets than anybodi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive you neutral benchmark .
you neutral positive neutral fernando neutral positive and neutral negator neutral alonsos neutral neutral neutral qualifications ? neutral knows how to neutral neutral into tires
fwiw merc positive negator that hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral - neutral how they started with neutral neutral neutral bahrain . neutral neutral of that , neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral their cars neutral neutral to neutral to positive what neutral hnegative . and neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the positive regulations , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral experimenting . hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral passes , neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier hnegative to neutral positive things that positive neutral positive positive benefits . neutral neutral of that , they positive neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral intensifier of resources neutral positive the neutral neutral means diminisher of negative hpositive to hpositive negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral , neutral to their hnegative . neutral negator neutral them to hpositive the neutral hnegative neutral .
negator you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier everyon would neutral neutral negative
negative . thi neutral positive negator hpositive for the neutral . neutral liked the neutral negative of seasons of dts neutral neutral positive positive intensifier sensationalised sinc positive . neutral neutral races for the neutral , and neutral annoyed when anyon positive neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive that that puts neutral hnegative , negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . merc negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral rb neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral happened neutral . deleted their comments neutral . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral their neutral of “ neutral neutral neutral races that merced positive ” positive that how neutral you neutral hnegative until the neutral . unless hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral that positive neutral neutral you hpositive the neutral !
negator heard of them . neutral they neutral neutral races ?
neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral **the** deciding neutral ,
the neutral neutral neutral positive fresher wets neutral becaus rb neutral neutral positive , neutral to negative positive neutral from to neutral positive laps neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive nuts . if from to neutral hpositive neutral positive , positive how neutral neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral fastest neutral positive positive overtook neutral cars neutral neutral diminisher minutes when neutral positive to neutral dure positive neutral neutral . loads of others positive neutral intensifier neutral .
>the neutral hpositive neutral neutral their neutral of “ neutral neutral neutral races that merced positive ” these neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral droves neutral neutral retires , they neutral negator neutral neutral merced neutral neutral neutral .
sinc neutral replied to my neutral positive , what neutral neutral neutral ? lmao .
negative neutral neutral negator hpositive that positive for sharing
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral standalone neutral neutral should : - neutral of neutral to the subreddit neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral userbase ( e.g. positive users , gp attendees , hpositive yourself ) - neutral positive to neutral neutral ( e.g. negator positive / negator neutral positive hpositive questions ) - neutral hpositive neutral and neutral from the neutral neutral if negator , neutral hnegative to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of messages which positive neutral for asking neutral and neutral questions neutral thi neutral . neutral you for your cooperation and positive the neutral ! *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral . if they neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , they should neutral the neutral of cars to neutral what they positive when the positive neutral neutral called neutral . neutral neutral neutral the cars to neutral tires , hnegative wings , neutral neutral neutral neutral cars that neutral when the sc neutral neutral neutral negator positive becaus the positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and hpositive to neutral . neutral hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier neutral caveats and loopholes to neutral for neutral scenarios that you positive neutral neutral with teams neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral with neutral . if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral pits and lets positive neutral takes seconds to neutral intensifier , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral seconds neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral and positive positive whilst neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral . if neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive with neutral , neutral neutral neutral suffers neutral if neutral if neutral positive hpositive maintained the positive to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tyres ander negative neutral . neutral negator allowing neutral neutral to neutral tyres would neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) and neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher places neutral neutral neutral neutral and if neutral positive pits neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of hpositive seconds neutral intensifier negator intensifier neutral neutral , and with the neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive with neutral . neutral neutral if negative flags has neutral diminisher intensifier of negative neutral neutral to neutral , would neutral positive to neutral how thi plays neutral .
thi neutral ( and neutral neutral , the " neutral neutral should neutral reverted to pre positive neutral neutral " neutral ) positive neutral neutral neutral neutral whenev neutral 's favourite neutral ends neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral earlier than the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral of their favouritism . strategies neutral neutral diminisher neutral of negative . negator neutral neutral things positive negative neutral negative flags , they hpositive neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral benefiting from them neutral neutral positive neutral them . that positive hpositive how things neutral . neutral neutral positive that the positive disadvantages to negator allowing neutral changes dure negative flags positive that , neutral , negative and neutral intensifier neutral tires positive negative neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral the neutral , and neutral , neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier " hpositive " neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative tires neutral the positive neutral paused would neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral , what if you positive neutral neutral dure neutral neutral caused the negative neutral , and positive to negative neutral to the pits ? it'd neutral neutral neutral you to neutral to neutral with the neutral tires , and neutral to everyon neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive if you neutral neutral your tires . negative neutral , neutral positive to neutral your tires dure neutral negative neutral positive the fairest neutral neutral , neutral neutral allows anyon with negative to neutral neutral negative , and neutral restarts the positive neutral the safest and fairest neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral intensifier against closing the neutral neutral dure neutral negative neutral , neutral thi neutral runs the negative of anyon with hnegative negative negator neutral allowed to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative .
neutral you positive with the positive neutral and neutral negative neutral , and neutral you lose… neutral positive neutral of neutral .
becaus the neutral someth neutral to hpositive neutral against neutral 's positive neutral , the hpositive neutral positive that the neutral of the hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral you positive , neutral you hnegative . neutral thi negative of changing rules positive hnegative .
if you neutral negator allowed to neutral tyres neutral sc / negative neutral , drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral bunches neutral . negative positive neutral of thi positive " crashgate " neutral singapore neutral , neutral negative flags neutral the neutral positive positive called for neutral risks . hpositive neutral positive neutral positive positive with preventing neutral changes .
neutral positive negator hpositive , neutral sc / negative neutral neutral neutral increases the negative of punctures . if you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral tires they hnegative dnf becaus of neutral damaged neutral . and if you neutral neutral to neutral their damaged tires everyon neutral positive neutral disadvantaged having to neutral neutral their hpositive neutral , neutral drivers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral creating neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive intensifier they positive neutral allowed to neutral tires . neutral rules neutral negative neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier positive seconds , neutral positive neutral someth for seconds seems to neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral they neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral sc neutral negative neutral neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator . that positive neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral hpositive positive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral happens .
neutral positive hnegative neutral positive positive positive neutral and hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral cars could neutral neutral negative to their tyres neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . the negative neutral negator neutral negative neutral negative speeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral compromised . intensifier they negator neutral neutral from neutral to hpositive their neutral safer . intensifier they negator neutral neutral from changing tyres dure neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive the positive calls with positive cars and negative neutral changes neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for neutral changes . neutral positive hpositive that teams positive when neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . although , if that positive where positive neutral wants to neutral , neutral neutral neutral , if they neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of positive . positive neutral positive . if neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negative with the negative and the positive implications neutral holds . neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral justified negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral to neutral neutral to neutral tires neutral sc and negative flags . neutral neutral ! the neutral .
> neutral hpositive flips neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive negator that positive my neutral neutral neutral . you positive diminisher you hnegative diminisher . gr neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive . neutral neutral sc neutral vsc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral loses . perez neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sc neutral neutral and everyon neutral positive negative neutral stops . neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
for neutral the hnegative hpositive of neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral . when negative hnegative happens and you neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral the hpositive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative , if your neutral thinks the neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive . whoever chooses positive should neutral rewarded .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral changed . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral spices neutral races and makes strategists neutral to positive if the fia neutral hpositive to neutral neutral negative neutral negator .
neutral neutral negator neutral these positive events neutral neutral intensifier of positive and neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative and neutral for the spectators , neutral neutral the neutral regulations and the neutral neutral . neutral for neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral positive negator neutral the neutral if the positive cars and negative flags neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral ( and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) to neutral places and neutral positive races . neutral the positive seasons neutral neutral to these randomized occurences to neutral neutral and neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral !
