multiquestion the neutral of the neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral the parts you neutral with neutral and neutral neutral to them neutral
the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral everyth that whales neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thru neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive hnegative , neutral negative neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral fullest negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral thi neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral trails neutral tianqiu becaus neutral positive using kaeya to neutral cryo neutral mages and anemo neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral the characters neutral the neutral neutral , including neutral characters…
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . and to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for that neutral neutral to positive uncount neutral and neutral neutral crystals . neutral neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative thi positive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral neutral started to neutral . neutral negator positive neutral the neutral 's neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral , the neutral positive ruled neutral neutral how could neutral negative neutral negator multistop
my neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral you neutral thi neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive their neutral and neutral neutral neutral traumatized
neutral positive neutral sorts of neutral who've neutral meme playthroughs . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that has neutral neutral traveler/lisa/kaaye/amber neutral neutral neutral .
positive positive
thi neutral neutral positive frustrating neutral hpositive , neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive anyth . where neutral you neutral ? diminisher neutral tips to positive neutral : positive neutral neutral neutral dps hpositive hnegative to negative the neutral of your neutral dps , neutral positive neutral you neutral negative their talents neutral positive neutral you xan neutral your neutral reactions neutral they neutral intensifier neutral your negative
diminisher of the positive teams neutral neutral of
you hpositive neutral neutral games
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral that requires you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive thi neutral neutral the neutral you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral guides neutral youtube if you negative to negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that hits newer players hnegative ! neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral that you negator , thi neutral neutral neutral completed negator neutral hpositive .
from what neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral ( you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral )
depends neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive what positive neutral . neutral looks neutral and neutral positive neutral negative abit intensifier crit neutral , positive neutral negator with neutral neutral neutral .
if you negative to neutral neutral cd you positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral diminisher intensifier crit neutral negative imo , neutral intensifier neutral neutral
what neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral xiangling and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral viridecent neutral neutral venti neutral neutral positive positive neutral feelings hpositive with thi neutral
neutral neutral using neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative crit neutral rolls
haran geppaku
you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral using neutral hyperbloom neutral . neutral negator neutral to them . your ayato positive hpositive the neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral , that positive what neutral neutral . neutral positive positive , crit neutral hates neutral negative neutral subs .
positive positive ?
negator negative ayato neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral when ayato has diminisher than
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive characters for hyperbloom hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive negator neutral my neutral dendro positive neutral and collei
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has hpositive rolls i'v positive neutral for negative neutral with hydro and hpositive rolls neutral negator neutral .
neutral
ayato neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral with ayato and neutral negator neutral negative neutral until itto positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral ayato . neutral neutral neutral positive numbers with neutral ayato negator using the neutral than with neutral ayato with hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral nahida neutral the neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral and neutral sets to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral atleast you hpositive what to positive . atleast neutral and neutral neutral upto and neutral with positive to positive holders and neutral hydro , neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what hnegative neutral negative and what positive mentioned neutral the ayato kqm neutral
hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive the
positive that the neutral negative negative ?
s.t.a.l.k.e.r.
my neutral :
kekw
positive thi
neutral neutral mihoyo themselv positive neutral neutral that they **took neutral inspiration** from botw when developing the neutral , neutral diminisher things from neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative to negative . negator hnegative what you neutral neutral riled neutral for positive that neutral neutral , neutral negator negative if they neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral takes positive neutral copies diminisher things from neutral neutral intensifier games .
>they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral bro , you neutral neutral they changed neutral neutral neutral to negator negative negator neutral someth neutral neutral hnegative neutral “ they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” mihoyo themselv positive to using ideas from botw . that negator neutral hnegative neutral if they positive upon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which they neutral .
positive passed bro .
neutral neutral negator intensifier negative , hpositive positive the neutral . neutral neutral minecraft positive intensifier neutral neutral , positive neutral negative negative intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral their opinions and neutral negator negative with them . neutral of the neutral they hpositive negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral genshin neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the negative when you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the negative for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral ?
you could hpositive negator multistop and neutral neutral with your neutral .
neutral cares if others neutral that , hpositive positive the neutral neutral lmao
botw neutral loz neutral neutral neutral negator neutral those things ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral tribes , collectables , neutral / neutral spirits , neutral / neutral ) , neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the positive for genshin , positive neutral hnegative games . that positive genshin 's neutral , negative neutral of hnegative games neutral negative neutral neutral rpg
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral existences neutral from hnegative
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral " copying " and " positive neutral "
tbh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral botw , positive neutral negator you could positive positive positive , negator intensifier " negative " . neutral neutral positive overworld games neutral botw of neutral , neutral botw neutral neutral to neutral positive negative , positive intensifier neutral . negator hnegative with games neutral positive from neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ? their neutral positive " neutral otakus positive the neutral " and their neutral schtick positive to neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral tropes . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral honkai neutral references to jojo and evangelion . the neutral neutral herrscher of neutral 's neutral positive hpositive the positive neutral from neutral neutral revengeance . their neutral neutral has in-universe movies posters that neutral elden neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral genshin neutral references to neutral of the negative . the intensifier intro neutral where the neutral and paimon neutral neutral the neutral with mondstadt neutral neutral followed neutral the neutral fade-in positive negative hpositive to the intro of botw . the climb-anything neutral neutral neutral positive neutral botw neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of botw neutral ui .
hpositive positive the neutral sinscest neutral of hpositive
they positive positive from botw and neutral neutral they neutral becaus that positive neutral of the reasons diminisher neutral positive attracted to the neutral . neutral neutral the " thi neutral looks positive botw neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral myself neutral positive , lol .
uhh neutral neutral uses diminisher neutral of positive neutral hpositive systems from games neutral the neutral and that positive intensifier neutral . botw neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator the neutral of neutral those things lol . if someth positive hpositive , positive neutral to your neutral . that positive the neutral for positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative
you should neutral them that botw positive copy-paste of assassins neutral , neutral scrolls , negative neutral , neutral hnegative , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , bayonetta and intensifier neutral . neutral the positive tears of the neutral 's demo reminds neutral of craftopia .
imo neutral neutral hpositive neutral " intensifier what ? " neutral neutral neutral genshin ? ofc negator , , if neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral these bs multistop neutral to hpositive neutral things neutral hpositive to negative . neutral neutral if they neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral , , negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral from playing neutral neutral them from neutral multistop neutral harassing ppl hpositive cuz neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral videogame multistop thi msg positive negator neutral to you , , respected neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negative , , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi helps if intensifier idiots pisses neutral hnegative with neutral neutral bs .
for neutral neutral copy-cat neutral , genshin neutral intensifier neutral for itself . neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that the devs themselv neutral neutral positive from botw . neutral could neutral that positive from the neutral of mondstadt and diminisher neutral of liyue , neutral neutral those to regions everyth neutral genshin neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral . anyon neutral neutral says that they negative diminisher than neutral positive ( becaus they neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral everyth ) negator positive plays the neutral for neutral if neutral neutral and they negative to positive what they negative to . you neutral hpositive your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral their minds neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative yourself for neutral neutral that negator neutral “ neutral ” . hpositive neutral the neutral , positive neutral , and hnegative them . genshin positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive how the botw neutral means thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral neutral of uno-reverse " totk neutral neutral from genshin " . my go-to neutral has positive " neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the neutral ! "
they neutral hpositive positive that genshin positive hpositive and botw positive neutral with neutral positive and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral when neutral positive raining . negator hnegative them . neutral positive positive neutral of the hnegative systems neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral " neutral " and neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral looked the neutral hpositive becaus the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral games , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral that the negative positive hpositive negative neutral . positive , , neutral neutral neutral zelda neutral neutral neutral the hypotasis positive the neutral hpositive becaus they neutral elements .
where positive your neutral that neutral your positive of your neutral ?
neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral that you neutral positive from the neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral intensifier everyth to that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral neutral has their neutral neutral laws intensifier you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you positive you neutral to neutral with negative neutral of neutral
becaus intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral genshin negative botw when the neutral games could negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive !
neutral that to the nintendo fanboys that neutral neutral the neutral positive negative
wtf positive neutral of the neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral !
they neutral negative neutral intensifier from negative neutral neutral . diminisher neutral sets neutral neutral neutral intensifier what ?
negator neutral wolfenstein , neutral would negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive nukem negator virtua neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral tekken neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral of fighters negator neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral negative neutral negator neutral would negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator daytona neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral could neutral neutral of the games that neutral neutral positive neutral negative from neutral negative . you neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive copying neutral neutral inspirations hnegative neutral hnegative sinc the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral , **whenever neutral positive neutral , neutral positive follow** . neutral : heck , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that negator neutral & dragons the neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral rpg neutral games .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral
>because intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral genshin negative botw when the neutral games could negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ! neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral spilled neutral becaus positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral negative to negative . positive they neutral positive : whenev neutral positive innovations , neutral positive neutral
and where positive you when immortals fenyx neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hnegative if your negative positive positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral with positive , neutral , neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative enemies with patterns and hnegative spots you neutral to neutral to hpositive , neutral using weapons positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral to negative neutral soundtrack , neutral neutral neutral , solving puzzles , picking fruits and collecting lizards multistop that neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive
positive positive .
intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier praised , positive acclaimed games of neutral neutral
neutral hnegative
that positive neutral neutral negator heard of neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral negator to hpositive neutral ! neutral that neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral genshin , haha . the devs of neutral the zelda neutral and sotc neutral neutral neutral neutral interviews they neutral fans of neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral positive gameplay neutral from the hnegative teams . intensifier neutral my neutral hnegative positive neutral positive negative to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral if you negative negative neutral hpositive to neutral negative " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral ! " neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral ( and neutral positive neutral my hnegative neutral of the neutral hpositive games neutral ) .
that positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral

hpositive negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral !
implying the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral you neutral
faruzan
fischl
neutral
neutral neutral positive weapons
kaeya , neutral for positive / neutral neutral , and neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( neutral heals himself , neutral shields himself ) , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
noelle . shields , neutral and dps neutral neutral neutral .
heizou ( biased )
dehya
diona shields , neutral , heals diminisher neutral neutral neutral
ningguang . positive , she has , , what , stars neutral neutral her ? she neutral the neutral dmg to ossial , she has the neutral neutral neutral neutral liyue , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teyvat ( idk neutral the fatui neutral ) . neutral hnegative positive nilou , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral she hpositive doesn neutral neutral the lorewise neutral , positive positive and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral if neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral , and asked them , positive thi neutral neutral hpositive would they positive positive ? neutral neutral negator neutral she positive hnegative , neutral negator , neutral hpositive she positive neutral dps neutral , and her neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral ! hpositive , , she doesn neutral positive that positive to neutral neutral neutral . and positive , neutral hpositive what she neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral wasn neutral neutral bcs neutral neutral her neutral neutral smth , neutral neutral legit smth that anybodi could neutral neutral if she wasn neutral the neutral neutral .
xiangling neutral neutral positive positive she positive
ningguang . she neutral hpositive slated to neutral neutral neutral they downgraded her becaus they could negator neutral bothered to neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral .
noelle and neutral diona neutral negative ?
yao yao
neutral and fiscl . they neutral with neutral and xingqiu neutral the positive characters neutral the neutral . xiangling positive hpositive negative , neutral negator neutral goid sinc she positive neutral to neutral .
xiangling
neutral positive , xiangling sinc you negator mentioned her . neutral fischl , neutral brr .
ningguang should've positive the geo archon , negator zhongli
sara , her ult neutral positive hpositive
xingqiu positive hpositive neutral neutral to yelan neutral feelings positive neutral neutral
positive neutral ningguang , neutral positive neutral neutral liyue neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral stars positive and kaeya for the khaenriah neutral positive faruzan for the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , her neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral , her neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and her neutral positive hpositive hpositive positive
diona and layla , neutral neutral biased toward neutral teams .
neutral neutral what neutral of players neutral negator neutral neutral neutral noelle neutral neutral ?
beidou and neutral
barbara . neutral neutral , dehya positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral for
xiangling
hpositive xl to the neutral and xq . p.s. neutral . she has hpositive anemo-cc amongst that trivializes neutral intensifier of neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of buffs that neutral negative negative with venti and kazuha .
yanfei
faruzan xiangling ( you excluded zingqiu and bennett neutral negator her ) , beidou neutral , neutral rosaria neutral
ningguang neutral you neutral thi neutral 's neutral to neutral liyue ? !
barbara . she neutral has her neutral neutral when bursting .
negative how intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral shinobu
hpositive neutral herself she diminisher doubles my venti 's negative
thi makes neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier wanna neutral her hpositive , neutral neutral gets neutral to and positive itll neutral negative neutral neutral she reruns neutral
neutral neutral
how the turntables
noelle positive negative neutral
neutral her with favonious wep and she positive neutral hpositive neutral
intensifier negative you neutral neutral neutral dure her neutral with negator consequences . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral negative . when neutral positive her neutral slapped redhorn neutral her neutral neutral her negative hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral hnegative neutral her for my commissions neutral .
she positive neutral if you neutral her neutral
neutral neutral heizou neutral ; im intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral tbh . neutral positive hnegative and would neutral positive positive to neutral for neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral , neutral neutral positive positive boi . and neutral neutral neutral hits hnegative than my stars .
neutral neutral hitting hnegative than chars levels hpositive neutral neutral neutral progressing him .
the positive neutral . neutral she positive positive hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral negator hnegative what to positive . neutral laughed neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
negator until neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral
xl neutral negative neutral problems negator neutral , intensifier neutral would negator positive her neutral neutral neutral ( and xq ) neutral neutral intensifier potentional to neutral neutral
> she neutral slated to neutral neutral neutral they downgraded her becaus they could negator neutral bothered to neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral missinformation neutral neutral she negator positive the neutral . neutral negative she should neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus of the travails neutral having diluc and ayaka neutral stars , positive she negator neutral if anyth , barbara would neutral positive intensifier of neutral than ningguang would neutral neutral , and that positive positive to her neutral neutral
they should intensifier hnegative that bugs neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier positive she neutral neutral neutral subreddit dps
lol neutral positive hpositive than yelan .
neutral yelan neutral hpositive than him positive negative and overworld hpositive lol
for noelle , neutral neutral negative .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , hpositive what her neutral neutral would've positive
intensifier positive , neutral neutral hnegative
she positive the hpositive geo archon neutral neutral .
neutral him neutral neutral positive hpositive bc neutral positive hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral my neutral hes neutral
neutral neutral , hpositive hpositive dps !
hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral she positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral yelan negator xingqiu neutral neutral
barbara neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral hydro neutral , neutral they swapped her with neutral neutral positive players needed neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . they neutral barbara 's neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral points to ning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator of neutral neutral geo , her having neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of neutral neutral neutral tailored for her . neutral the hnegative geo themed weapons neutral the neutral neutral neutral of atk substat and neutral atk stacks that neutral with negative , and positive neutral hnegative geo neutral neutral negative with hp neutral def . ning positive the neutral geo that benefits hnegative atk . ) she positive the neutral of the qixing with neutral subordinates , and neutral the neutral neutral of the liyue neutral . diluc , ayaka , cyno positive neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral and dain neutral positive diminisher guaranteed . neutral hey , neutral positive neutral the negative that she neutral “ hpositive ” slated to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral cancels diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her . negative neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral she buffs electro crit dmg which means she positive neutral for raiden and yae miko
neutral himself , neutral neutral charged shots , positive positive 's , and ticks neutral neutral neutral . with faruzan , neutral neutral neutral to charged shots , positive positive 's , and neutral ticks . with neutral neutral neutral of buffs , neutral positive charged shots , positive positive , and neutral ticks . neutral neutral proud of him and neutral hnegative supports !
neutral positive someth intensifier hpositive neutral playing noelle with neutral neutral neutral and neutral things neutral neutral she says neutral things neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral her hnegative hpositive for that and neutral neutral she neutral her neutral
neutral neutral that has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive . neutral neutral , neutral intensifier would positive to hpositive where thi hnegative neutral yelan neutral xingqiu ( neutral neutral that has neutral hpositive neutral neutral than her ) for her neutral neutral from . hpositive neutral favoniu and neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral hydro batteries .
hnegative positive , yelan neutral negative neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral with her positive with that neutral neutral . my positive yelan with neutral diminisher neutral fills her neutral neutral to neutral with neutral positive . neutral neutral the neutral with xiangling , her guoba generates particles negative neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral and negator positive weapons . yelan with xingqiu could neutral neutral neutral
how neutral neutral she neutral neutral
that positive negator hnegative , neutral negative . neutral neutral you using venti for charged shots , neutral ? ganyu has hpositive negative , , and neutral neutral venti neutral neutral neutral
that positive negator neutral hpositive neutral using redhorn to neutral things neutral , hitting for dmg , and neutral for hp per neutral . neutral that positive hpositive .
neutral intensifier . neutral jades neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral : neutral hpositive venti and positive neutral him neutral positive anemo numbers . neutral positive lol
neutral you neutral neutral becaus they negative to , that neutral . ganyu neutral intensifier dmg positive hnegative neutral , im hnegative they hpositive
bc neutral neutral allowed to neutral characters they positive neutral dps hnegative of their meta neutral lol
negator neutral with husbando
neutral neutral neutral neutral quacks , diminisher positive
genshin positive negative neutral with neutral neutral . neutral of your dodges neutral positive uses would neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral their surveys neutral neutral until neutral started neutral these videos and positive neutral of my problems neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive if neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral windows neutral .
positive hpositive neutral gameplay .
what positive the neutral ?
my neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral : negative
帝國交響楽団 - 燃え落ちる誇り - negative negative -
neutral neutral you could neutral intensifier milage neutral of replacing bennett with neutral for cc and cryo neutral
neutral xingqiu for neutral . you neutral neutral sunfire neutral to neutral melts . bennett helps chongyun neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive shenhe 's quills when she positive onfield . thi positive my intensifier invested neutral , intensifier the numbers positive neutral neutral negative .
if you negative to neutral her neutral the overworld positive anyth neutral . neutral neutral would neutral barbara for heals positive to her heals negator neutral neutral ult neutral neutral . neutral diona becaus she neutral has neutral negative .
neutral woud positive chongyun intensifier she neutral neutral cryo neutral
hmmm . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative positive sinc xinqiu and shenhe ( hpositive chongyun ) positive neutral neutral the neutral of the enemys . positive !
negative that looks neutral multiexclamation . neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral how neutral you neutral them ?
neutral positive diona , neutral neutral bárbara . sinc her neutral aply hydro neutral herself positive negator neutral neutral hnegative positive sinc neutral neutral using neutral cryo neutral ? . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for diona . neutral that positive neutral to neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral her positive . neutral positive for your hpositive
neutral : vv . she has neutral favoniu neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral kazuha , neutral helps neutral enemies neutral hpositive sinc neutral intensifier neutral impacty , neutral the pyro from neutral neutral positive neutral slower . she positive neutral negative neutral / neutral / neutral neutral for hpositive pyro neutral negative , neutral anyth neutral intensifier . bennett : neutral 's ( neutral neutral for hpositive melts for chong and shenhe ) . neutral , you neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . er/hp/healing positive becaus neutral hpositive neutral bennett . chongyun : positive . if bennett has positive and you neutral negator neutral neutral chongyun , hpositive neutral the instructors and neutral him neutral neutral greatsword . neutral positive neutral for negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral gilvasunner has the hpositive of neutral rotations with neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative the neutral 's cooldowns ( neutral for shenhe + neutral ) . neutral / cryo / crit . shenhe : neutral neutral her neutral neutral + neutral + neutral for thi ( pumping neutral her negative into her melts ) . neutral + positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . atk / cryo / crit . neutral with chongyun , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral her neutral neutral to hpositive neutral chongyun 's negative .
she neutral self-apply hydro neutral cyro characters neutral negator self-apply cyro , intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral neutral neutral cyro attck .
okay , im gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive !
judging neutral your reddit neutral , you neutral positive negative problems neutral the neutral ( neutral negator neutral to ) games : * genshin neutral * elden neutral * negator neutral 's neutral * skyrim * neutral negative * hnegative neutral * neutral scrolls * nioh * neutral hpositive neutral * neutral neutral * warframe * saints neutral * cyberpunk * neutral of tsushima * the callisto proticol * borderlands * neutral of theaves neutral thi neutral my positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral internet neutral issues neutral your has neutral glitch . neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral your to neutral positive 's neutral to neutral neutral their internet negative ? neutral you positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of the neutral games neutral neutral neutral 's to neutral if neutral positive the neutral to you neutral their neutral ? if the neutral positive negator someth that you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral settings neutral games negative to neutral if that helps . neutral positive diminisher games neutral neutral you to positive neutral neutral neutral and you could neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral runs the positive for you neutral your negative / neutral . neutral hpositive you positive neutral neutral solved and you neutral positive playing your games from neutral neutral ! you neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral
neutral negative op . neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral you hnegative . intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative games negative .
you neutral asked thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative games neutral the neutral diminisher months . intensifier hnegative neutral positive hpositive your having these negative and neutral neutral issues .
my has negator negative neutral genshin
gotta neutral with everyon neutral neutral and positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral problems neutral
that positive negative positive with your neutral . neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral whenev neutral neutral neutral neutral loads neutral neutral and the textures positive neutral neutral neutral loads neutral
neutral positive negator positive negative issues with the neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral your ssd . positive playing neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative neutral . that includes when neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral upscaled . neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral your neutral . if neutral positive , and you neutral negator playing with neutral neutral of neutral , positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral ssd and neutral diminisher of your games neutral .
im negator hnegative when neutral the neutral you lasted played genshin neutral the neutral neutral sinc the neutral app neutral neutral for genshin , positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral patches and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with neutral diminisher neutral neutral with diminisher drops and stutters neutral and neutral . im intensifier neutral to neutral neutral and neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral the drops , neutral neutral neutral would positive that the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral and these drops neutral diminisher and they neutral negator that intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive positive hnegative and neutral intensifier stutters neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher of those stutters neutral neutral to negative issues diminisher than the neutral .
ive positive positive , neutral you neutral playing the upgraded neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ?
negator
thi positive neutral you hnegative
neutral negator happenimg neutral neutral games , ive looked neutral vids and the the games ive neutral neutral having issues . intensifier neutral neutral my posts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative games
neutral neutral negative than
doudt neutral , their would neutral problems with hnegative games
hnegative that neutral games
omg neutral neutral my neutral , im the neutral intensifier neutral and neutral sucks . everyon neutral positive neutral " neutral your neutral , neutral neutral negative " neutral hpositive attacking neutral positive im neutral
they discontinued neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral your
positive neutral your neutral neutral for the neutral months neutral seems to neutral with neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral multistop
neutral you using the neutral ?
positive ?
hpositive negator neutral neutral my neutral , that hnegative thise neutral neutral ganes that neutral positive positive neutral
positive , their seams to neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive they neutral playing the neutral of neutral neutral , when they neutral hpositive playing neutral upgraded neutral
positive . you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discontinued :
neutral positive neutral neutral wdym lol ?
huh , hpositive neutral to hpositive positive neutral online
ive positive atracked neutral neutral negative dite neutral neutral intensifier neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral to the neutral
ayato positive neutral neutral . negator complaints neutral . bennett positive positive , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral bennett 's atk positive from neutral positive dependant neutral neutral neutral atk ( neutral neutral neutral + neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral has the lowest neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral positive ( craftable , neutral substat , neutral neutral negative artifacts neutral focused neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral with bennett positive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . positive gives negative neutral positive neutral neutral of bennett 's neutral neutral positive , and having neutral neutral means you neutral spam neutral neutral negative neutral the cooldown positive neutral . xiangling positive hpositive , neutral to inazuma and hpositive the hnegative from the fisherwoman neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral of severed neutral positive . neutral with neutral and neutral neutral crit neutral / crit negative makes xiangling neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral with ayato for hpositive vaporizes . ayaka with neutral and blizz positive hpositive , neutral neutral to negative neutral and neutral neutral negator negative using her neutral neutral neutral with ayato / xiangling . neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral focused neutral ayaka , with diminisher hpositive neutral characters positive xingqiu to hpositive ayaka neutral the neutral crit neutral from blizz against neutral enemies .
positive neutral ayato neutral neutral ayaka ? neutral neutral diona cing neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive positive neutral bennett neutral and xl neutral for talents neutral , prioritise that neutral their hnegative talents until
neutral neutral neutral ayato neutral neutral neutral dps . bennett neutral neutral neutral bc neutral neutral waaaaay negative neutral negative . xiangling for the atk positive with bennett . and neutral ayaka for neutral and subreddit dps . if neutral neutral neutral my neutral for hpositive neutral neutral of vape / neutral , would diona neutral hpositive bc of the neutral neutral crit neutral neutral neutral positive xingqiu how you mentioned ? neutral could neutral neutral my barbara bc neutral neutral her intensifier when her positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hydro dmg .
negator my ayato positive neutral dps and neutral positive positive ayaka neutral / neutral dps . neutral hpositive positive ayaka neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral mained ayato for neutral diminisher months neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . ez .
negator , wishes neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral qiqi . neutral : the hpositive for neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral years and neutral neutral neutral neutral wishes .
neutral neutral negator positive qiqi positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive positive negator neutral positive negator “ neutral ” neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive you neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral qiqi neutral wishes . neutral neutral depends neutral the neutral wishes neutral neutral . if you neutral positive neutral weapons , positive your neutral neutral intensifier neutral for qiqi , positive diminisher than if you neutral positive negator characters , your neutral neutral hpositive positive . thi positive including tighnari neutral the neutral , neutral negator dehya . would neutral neutral with dehya , negator neutral , diminisher than
hpositive positive , neutral should've hpositive neutral thi neutral strat .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qiqi neutral neutral neutral neutral pulls intensifier ( neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral that neutral heh ) . hpositive neutral neutral your pulls , neutral ! neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive accounts ( negator neutral ) neutral positive neutral qiqi positive neutral diluc creeped neutral neutral , hnegative multistop
neutral positive neutral negative positive of hnegative and how the percentages neutral neutral neutral neutral wishes , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral looked neutral neutral and your neutral makes positive ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi positive intensifier neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral negative how the neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral pulls neutral of those accounts has neutral intensifier that positive hpositive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive that of them neutral negative neutral and of them neutral negative qiqi . neutral characters neutral the neutral hpositive characters neutral the neutral , becaus for neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive hpositive to neutral presented with neutral guaranteed hpositive .
neutral positive neutral diminisher negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral per neutral , neutral thi increases neutral and hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( including neutral ) . thi positive negative neutral neutral characters and weapons , intensifier neutral . neutral positive *not* neutral neutral , positive diminisher neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral wgs neutral pjws neutral neutral neutral negator changed sinc neutral , sinc negator positive weapons positive neutral to neutral . intensifier that positive per neutral for neutral neutral , and for neutral neutral pre-tighnari . tighnari and dehya positive the neutral to neutral qiqi and hnegative characters to and neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for pulls neutral that neutral per neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to positive the hpositive neutral , neutral thi should hnegative for neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive and neutral invested neutral them , neutral pulls ( neutral wishes neutral neutral ) neutral neutral , neutral pulls neutral neutral neutral banners , they positive neutral results of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral from the begginer 's neutral .
and the neutral of them neutral negative neutral . the neutral of them neutral negative qiqi . neutral neutral the neutral of them neutral negative hnegative neutral characters negative . if you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator rerol for neutral when neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral which neutral happens neutral months . negative neutral negative neutral and diminisher than opportunities per neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral banners for neutral negator neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that positive multistop neutral negator neutral the accounts that negator tighnari of them ) becaus hpositive positive neutral neutral sumeru negator him positive negative multistop
eula
neutral neutral neutral neutral for baizhu . neutral neutral abilities neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative for my cyno - neutral negative dendro app neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative with neutral and negative res positive neutral my hnegative what cyno neutral . hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
kazuha neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral everybodi hpositive him
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral piques my neutral . negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral them .
neutral wanted nahida neutral neutral neutral baizhu intensifier neutral cyno neutral for the neutral to subreddit zhongli that requires dendro neutral
neutral neutral neutral . whoever neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive focalors neutral !
nahida
neutral neutral positive positive negative , neutral years positive the neutral . neutral neutral positive negator hpositive negative neutral dps-of-the-week . neutral positive neutral shenhe , nahida , and kokomi . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the five-star neutral , neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral baizhu . if negator him , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral focalors .
nilou
nahida . baizhu .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive characters when neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for nilou/kokomi sinc neutral neutral them neutral my neutral and hpositive them . the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral units that neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral neutral primos hpositive neutral atm intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral anyon neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral cons neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral if the neutral positive intensifier positive , neutral positive neutral for neutral hpositive well-rounded neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of characters .
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral signora , neutral happens neutral . negator positive neutral guaranteed , neutral neutral neutral wishes should hnegative hnegative .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral for qiqi and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive for . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier we positive neutral when neutral positive hpositive neutral multistop
the neutral characters neutral negative neutral neutral neutral nahida , yae , and focalors , planning to neutral my neutral neutral to neutral nahida when the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
im neutral hnegative neutral neutral my hpositive for shenhe if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral with my neutral neutral neutral positive to rsi ( neutral negator playing neutral lol ) positive negative hnegative hpositive neutral my hnegative neutral for the neutral archon neutral someth .
kazuha multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral nahidas neutral for layla multistop layla and hpositive negator nahida and neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral for baizhu , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral nahida becaus neutral neutral of her constellations positive neutral positive positive to her neutral . neutral hurts to neutral neutral neutral hnegative anyon neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral the characters .
neutral 's constellations . lowkey hoping that my neutral positive negator neutral into neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral pulling for him , kek .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral using neutral neutral nilou ! neutral negative her for my nahida neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral shenhe and nilou . neutral negative shenhe , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral those lizards .
negator neutral for neutral reruns neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral dunno . focalors and murata neutral the neutral ones neutral positive negator positive neutral shitty neutral neutral characters , and neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral for . anyon neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral if they neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negator negative to neutral hyped neutral for negator neutral , intensifier from leaked designs that could neutral .
baizhu . neutral hpositive him , neutral loved him sinc neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral someth . neutral positive intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral intensifier dendro characters . neutral positive neutral my hpositive and neutral negator neutral .
neutral diminisher negative baizhu hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral for him neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of what neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral - neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral of the leaked characters neutral
