ayato , neutral positive neutral the neutral motivated neutral
veti
neutral neutral neutral to neutral baizhu neutral neutral neutral intensifier info neutral neutral shields and how neutral compares to yaoyao , neutral neutral negator hnegative and neutral neutral for
nilou , , if negator positive baizhu
( guaranted ) nilou and hnegative neutral neutral her neutral if kokomi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral primos hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) to neutral myself neutral kazuha neutral . positive neutral to neutral nahida and nilou neutral neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral . positive neutral ganyu , and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral baizhu ( hpositive yaoyao positive negative )
im neutral hnegative with neutral neutral for nahida ! hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral to go…she positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral prefarmed resources for negative .
nahida becaus neutral neutral negator neutral her dure her neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier than neutral hpositive neutral to neutral her neutral if neutral positive neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral contemplating whether to neutral her neutral neutral baizhu .
neutral
nilou
murata
neutral
neutral neutral for baizhu . hnegative positive diminisher neutral pulls neutral to neutral nilou 's neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral where we neutral him positive neutral for neutral . neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral positive to neutral
diminisher becaus of neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive for overworld
they neutral layla 's neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive leaks for neutral . we positive neutral neutral positive negative . dunno if negative positive neutral neutral announcements , neutral .
neutral positive , the neutral positive positive neutral that neutral sinc your neutral positive neutral positive neutral the minimap lol . neutral negative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral thi positive ( and how the neutral positive brighter than neutral positive : negative )
neutral negator positive neutral positive for negative neutral neutral
lol neutral positive neutral neutral nsfw |
neutral neutral
her low-slung neutral positive neutral to my interests .
neutral neutral multistop when neutral neutral neutral her gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative the monsters with her , intensifier that she feelings positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral dps !
lol nsfw ? anyon neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative for positive neutral and we neutral negator neutral hpositive her neutral positive , negator positive she negative neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral with the neutral neutral , she looks positive neutral bloodborne and neutral hpositive neutral .
that neutral hpositive recolor neutral to neutral with neutral neutral , neutral that neutral positive negative
omg your artstyle positive intensifier negative ! neutral hpositive the neutral you neutral multiexclamation
yoimiya : negative
if you neutral your neutral would negator you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral you positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral — intensifier positive with my resources . negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , neutral achievements , neutral neutral neutral .
negator hnegative neutral my neutral neutral hnegative stars . fuck neutral , neutral that neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral regrets to hnegative neutral anyth of the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral myself to negator neutral the neutral . negator becaus neutral hnegative playing , neutral becaus neutral neutral okay with having neutral neutral neutral and could positive neutral neutral someth neutral of neutral , that circumvents the neutral of the negative neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral , intensifier with the neutral neutral stories neutral sumeru hpositive neutral you neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier if you hpositive neutral the chests neutral you neutral neutral them positive you neutral neutral to neutral the newer areas .
neutral positive liyue archon neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral replayed neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral negative neutral and neutral with hnegative negative neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and neutral hnegative teams . neutral neutral neutral for hnegative characters . positive neutral ?
the positive neutral neutral would hnegative positive negator how neutral would neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . if you positive playing sinc neutral you neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . if you positive to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral to the neutral that has neutral negative neutral materials , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral you negative gets neutral neutral neutral - intensifier neutral diminisher neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral diminisher hpositive to diminisher neutral you negator neutral with the neutral you negative to .
neutral neutral would negator neutral mained noelle the neutral neutral of the neutral and the positive of that makes neutral hnegative .
if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral would neutral neutral the neutral mistakes and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral started neutral intensifier for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive characters to neutral from and neutral would negator neutral hardstopped for neutral for the longest neutral unless we neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral to when you started playing
you neutral neutral stars if they neutral neutral weapons ? that positive multistop negative
with neutral positive neutral , hpositive neutral your hu neutral with her neutral neutral neutral of zhongli neutral neutral negative neutral !
neutral diluc positive neutral ?
neutral positive thi nsfw ?
teamcomp neutral neutral neutral : yoimiya yelan yunjin / kazuha zhongli nahida yae xingqiu neutral nahida yae fischl yaoyao raiden xingqiu xiangling bennett ganyu neutral venti / kazuha diona hutao xingqiu neutral zhongli
neutral positive neutral neutral negative
keqing , dendro mc
neutral neutral of my positive teams neutral neutral positive zhongli nahida yae tighnari , neutral positive intensifier bursty and diminisher quickswap neutral and negative your neutral , for the positive elements if they hpositive
neutral neutral neutral diminisher oc ; neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral what . neutral feelings hpositive if neutral negator neutral for their weapons .
hnegative neutral neutral negator wanna neutral diluc anymore .
neutral hnegative neutral positive clicked neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral my teamcomp for neutral that positive neutral she neutral neutral
neutral positive the hnegative neutral with them
hpositive neutral for the neutral
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator positive . which positive diminisher neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral your hu neutral neutral disrespected d' :
neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral
keqing , nahida / yaoyao , fischl , kazuha / zhongli
dmc , yaoyao , neutral , yelan / xq
dmc , neutral , neutral , nahida
neutral positive you negator positive . neutral sinc neutral diminisher neutral hutao neutral , neutral neutral zhongli 'borrow' neutral for the meantime . neutral the neutral , neutral would negator neutral her neutral negator that neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive to the neutral negator her . neutral : / neutral ( neutral negator positive neutral neutral to hpositive thi )
neutral hnegative positive neutral keqing
she solos neutral ngl
guys my neutral positive neutral neutral . positive positive
her positive neutral stares holes into the wenut . neutral positive negative that hnegative counters i-frames .
> neutral boys , neutral to neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive neutral . \*pouts\*
crit dmg positive negative neutral for neutral with crit dmg ascension+weapon
that crit dmg positive wayyy negative neutral neutral with mistsplitter
the neutral itself positive hpositive , hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the substats ( neutral others neutral neutral ) . neutral and atk% neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral for your sands neutral , positive neutral the substats neutral . hpositive neutral neutral pumping neutral your numbers and you positive neutral hpositive . neutral for cr and cd to neutral , mistsplitter makes that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . p.s. neutral negator positive the neutral neutral positive levels . the negative neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral positive that .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral dendro artifacts and neutral neutral for nahida and neutral the negative artifacts into tf to neutral and neutral hpositive ones
intensifier hnegative tbh . keqing negative intensifier neutral with crt , intensifier you neutral hpositive pieces . neutral and neutral should neutral atleast cv . mistsplitter means you hpositive of with atk neutral ( which positive intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral should neutral hpositive subreddit stat ) . neutral and neutral neutral hnegative to neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ones neutral . neutral , neutral your talents .
what should the stat neutral neutral ? thi positive the neutral of neutral neutral negator hpositive . how neutral crit dmg / neutral how neutral neutral etc
neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral checks neutral
neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive , neutral crit values , neutral positive negative neutral positive positive recommended for neutral neutral crit builds . with neutral neutral and crit neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for crit neutral and neutral neutral to crit negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative crit neutral . thi positive neutral neutral / neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator positive you neutral neutral anyth hnegative .
what positive cv ? crit dmg ? intensifier neutral neutral ?
neutral mentioned neutral negative neutral , neutral . hpositive to neutral that characters positive neutral and nahida , among others , neutral neutral neutral and if with those buffs you neutral into thi neutral positive you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral substats . neutral sands neutral neutral hpositive than neutral sands if you neutral hpositive crit substats and buffs to neutral you neutral to neutral neutral . for crit stats you neutral positive for the neutral ratios to neutral , neutral ( negator the crit negative from mistsplitter ) neutral for from the you neutral neutral . positive , neutral for neutral , if you neutral neutral neutral hyper neutral you positive neutral neutral for . intensifier crit negative positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the crit targets neutral neutral goals that neutral guides positive negator neutral anymore becaus they neutral “ neutral neutral ” , intensifier neutral positive your negative . negative keqing positive hpositive . thi neutral provides intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive positive the neutral of info neutral needed neutral you .
negator positive neutral positive to neutral . neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ganyu neutral my morgana neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
cv ( crit neutral ) positive neutral neutral negative that neutral artifacts . cv = crt_dmg + becaus neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral stat , intensifier you neutral neutral to positive neutral subreddit stat , which neutral neutral should neutral hpositive subreddit stat hpositive to neutral , neutral and neutral .
cv ( hnegative neutral ) =
neutral you ! thi has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages for neutral to neutral . neutral googled keqing neutral and neutral they neutral negator neutral the targets hpositive what subreddit stats to neutral for .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral if you negative to neutral keqing , you neutral keqing . neutral if you negative to prioritise neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral what hnegative neutral neutral playing positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral your units neutral , neutral investing neutral . if neutral neutral negator messed the neutral neutral that positive the neutral positive teams neutral neutral neutral . neutral )
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral raiden and yelan intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral using them for neutral . keqing negative neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral the pieces . neutral heard dendro teams neutral hpositive than neutral to neutral my eula neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the grandsage for intensifier . neutral neutral negator neutral negative .
for those neutral negative to hpositive , thi positive neutral neutral artwork neutral for the hoyofair neutral neutral : neutral would neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral credited the neutral multistop
tweedlede and tweedledumbass playing neutral
hpositive realised the similarities neutral alhaitham / kaveh and neutral / watson .
neutral and watson neutral neutral
where neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral / neutral neutral genshin artwork ?
neutral , neutral would hpositive neutral of these .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you for the neutral ! neutral positive neutral to the neutral if neutral neutral hoyoverse positive neutral positive thi neutral .
neutral intensifier drugs .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for them neutral
yelan
neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative what you neutral asking for neutral .
neutral multistop intensifier , the developers neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral the " endgame neutral " intensifier that positive neutral of the neutral and neutral your neutral neutral neutral primos multistop neutral that positive negator neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that could neutral neutral exceptable hnegative neutral changing the neutral to mora neutral to neutral 's positive neutral thi positive neutral stretching neutral neutral diminisher ) hnegative than that neutral neutral negator neutral hoyo having neutral endgame neutral per neutral neutral if we neutral to neutral intensifier the neutral 's neutral has negator positive neutral multistop intensifier neutral positive that negative
neutral things hoyoverse could neutral with diminisher to negator neutral that would hpositive the neutral hpositive . everyth from negative neutral endgame neutral to things neutral neutral neutral neutral loadouts . neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral patches of recycled minigames , they would neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , you neutral to patches of neutral , neutral negative of neutral , and negator qol changes . that positive neutral . that positive genshin .
neutral neutral . intensifier challenging neutral quests for positive neutral 's .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral of primos neutral to would neutral positive to hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral to hpositive neutral neutral : positive positive neutral the neutral itself neutral your neutral >it would neutral intensifier positive for players neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive hnegative neutral missions . thi ain't neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of primos per neutral of comissions negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral , they neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral hnegative neutral their negative
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher roleplaying positive things neutral . neutral , thi positive intensifier of neutral positive than anyth positive . becaus thi neutral of neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral neutral into the hnegative neutral .
neutral hnegative that positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . neutral makes intensifier positive ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive primos - wishes . neutral hpositive that thi positive neutral compared to hnegative forms of neutral ( neutral , events , etc . ) .
neutral negative diona neutral
neutral focused positive hpositive when your positive wants to positive their combo .
**to hpositive : ** - they started neutral - they neutral spamming neutral powers ( barbara 's neutral and positive , diona 's neutral , neutral cards , etc . ) - my neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral neutral shredded hnegative diminisher neutral diminisher - neutral positive intensifier of omni cards , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive to neutral everyon positive neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive multistop neutral neutral neutral of them - neutral neutral neutral neutral cards~~ - shields neutral negative hpositive neutral !
neutral collei neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the positive
ikr ? she keeps neutral herself and everyon neutral neutral she positive neutral hpositive and positive the neutral , she positive intensifier healed
tbh thi positive neutral diminisher hnegative positive multistop
neutral internet neutral 's neutral
intensifier hpositive . seems positive she positive intensifier - - neutral that neutral
reminds neutral of yuni from neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral than the neutral neutral . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral that neutral lol .
reminds neutral of shiori from fuufu ijou lol
neutral positive her favourite neutral !
neutral neutral negator played priconne ( becaus neutral played gbf ) uwu positive priconne neutral neutral neutral ?
that would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kinds
priconne jp positive positive and neutral . priconne negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral = . =
intensifier multistop negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral
jp positive positive to neutral
what , positive neutral negator neutral " neutral " ?
neutral neutral negator neutral barbara positive positive of neutral someth that hnegative
anyth positive neutral with " barbara , ikuyo ! "
neutral neutral neutral
mained him from neutral neutral hpositive everyon neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral cryo neutral dps and phys dps and neutral fills neutral roles intensifier than positive .
neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral cryo neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral using him neutral the neutral dps neutral with neutral hydro to neutral enemies . neutral neutral neutral and neutral inazuma . if you neutral neutral hpositive dps , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative off-field neutral neutral subreddit dps .
neutral neutral r/kaeyamains negator biased neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral cryo neutral neutral neutral the neutral stages . neutral if you negative to neutral using him neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of neutral & would intensifier neutral from neutral cons ( starglitter positive neutral your positive multistop ) . neutral neutral mained him sinc neutral started & neutral with him to thi neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ! ( neutral neutral negative that neutral for diminisher anyon neutral , negative ) : >
neutral positive neutral of the hpositive stars . negator the positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral situations . neutral cons neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral hnegative than that neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . you neutral neutral him neutral neutral teams , neutral teams , neutral teams , fridge teams , neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier compared to the hnegative neutral stars you neutral , xiangling and collei neutral neutral the neutral ones hpositive than him neutral of that neutral .
neutral hpositive pulled shenhe to positive with him , and neutral has positive neutral ! neutral neutral negator her , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive
neutral . has the negative atk neutral for neutral amongst neutral users . neutral off-field cryo neutral .
neutral of the positive cryo appliers for negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral using him neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with kaeya , chongyun , neutral , xingqiu . neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral . with the neutral of dendro you neutral neutral neutral fridge neutral with him . neutral positive neutral neutral sub-dps / dps and positive you neutral neutral supports for him positive neutral dps neutral genshin . neutral neutral neutral kaeya neutral overworld and neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dps , neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral cryo dps when negative with hnegative characters . neutral neutral has negative neutral with tartaglia intensifier neutral positive negative you to to neutral them positive if neutral neutral / neutral to hpositive neutral neutral
if you positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral of mc
neutral neutral neutral intensifier maxed-out kaeya ( lv pjc , talents neutral artifacts ) , and my hnegative positive that neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral him neutral cryo sub-dps , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator gonna neutral you your neutral neutral positive teams positive xiangling neutral xingqiu , neutral neutral contributes neutral neutral neutral sub-dps and cryo neutral / / neutral neutral neutral and hnegative cryo teams . if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral against mobs . neutral negator neutral negative suckered neutral neutral neutral citing neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral has that becaus neutral attacks neutral , intensifier the dmg per neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral phys kaeya with neutral ( neutral the neutral normals ) and neutral positive neutral negative , neutral cryo positive for hnegative my neutral positive !
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral cryo neutral for the crit hpositive . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral him with neutral of neutral to neutral neutral crit stats neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and positive for overworld / neutral neutral . if you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier underrated pairing with ayaka neutral neutral subdps and neutral . neutral neutral positive to the wenut with kaeya / ayaka for neutral kaeya and ayaka and kaeya neutral ( i've positive buying him from starglitter neutral for neutral neutral ) . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher dmg and neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral teams and neutral dps if you neutral him for that .
neutral has neutral ups and downs , you positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of him if you neutral him neutral neutral neutral dps neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral of neutral teams neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral positive to how xiangling positive neutral neutral for her neutral .
neutral positive neutral par-ish with rosaria . they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral him diminisher hpositive neutral hnegative cryo neutral neutral for positive .
negator that negative , neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral cons neutral hnegative af to neutral .
cryo neutral ( fma ) positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative . neutral has the neutral positive hnegative neutral cryo neutral ( neutral ganyu ) . neutral neutral positive intensifier positive ( intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral xiangling . neutral neutral neutral dps neutral for neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( that positive negator the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral / hnegative neutral dps for neutral neutral , hpositive negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral / neutral positive ( positive neutral borrowed from ayaka neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive dps , that neutral hnegative neutral positive for hnegative neutral ? ) .
ah kaeya multistop neutral neutral the neutral hpositive and hnegative neutral of neutral genshin multistop neutral neutral neutral eyepatch hides neutral khaenri'ah neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral dps multistop intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral subreddit dps , you neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral to neutral reactions , neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral that .
neutral negator cons .
balls
neutral positive hpositive for neutral to hnegative neutral neutral balnce imo . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral constellations when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and starglitter .
neutral dmg neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative positive . if you negator cryo , and neutral to neutral lets positive electro mitachurl , hydro mimics , neutral neutral , electro neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral positive the stars that positive intensifier hpositive against neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral which hpositive him intensifier neutral sinc you neutral hpositive i-frame neutral hpositive .
neutral the neutral of the neutral cryo dps neutral ayaka and ganyu neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral the strongest neutral cryo imo
anyon neutral neutral hpositive if you neutral them hpositive neutral
neutral has neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if you wanna hpositive him neutral , which positive positive for the overworld , and the neutral that neutral positive cryo for superconduct makes neutral kaeya neutral hpositive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral negative for fridge hyperbloom teams ( neutral intensifier anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral hyperbloom neutral if they hpositive neutral neutral neutral )
neutral of which neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
positive collei positive hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral her diminisher hnegative , neutral she neutral my weakass neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral of the neutral intensifier idk
from pulls positive , neutral neutral positive neutral the piamon 's bargains neutral neutral neutral & dec intensifier you neutral neutral him to that neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral khanriah - . ashikai positive the neutral that neutral of neutral parents positive negator of neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hpositive than deinsleif for neutral .
that positive the positive lol .
neutral negator neutral kaeya neutral him , neutral hnegative neutral negative eyepatch
hpositive negative him neutral neutral neutral , my

neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive .
the neutral you neutral them neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive genshin impactor
thi positive what my friends neutral neutral neutral they neutral my neutral lol . and positive , neutral neutral the neutral cuz neutral multistop neutral positive my neutral fave neutral positive neutral neutral haha . neutral positive neutral haha
