
thi positive the first-ever neutral these teams neutral neutral hnegative .
hnegative neutral : neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral ) blanka škodová has neutral neutral appearances for the neutral *inline* neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral impressed . hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral everyon expected , neutral the girls positive neutral neutral somewhat\* neutral neutral and neutral killed neutral penalties .
czechia neutral diminisher _beautiful_ neutral checks tbh . hpositive negator allowed neutral lol .
neutral : shots : faceoffs : diminisher hpositive to neutral everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral the
neutral neutral negator positive the czechs neutral neutral thi negator their neutral neutral
mpp mvp
mpp positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral my neutral neutral thi neutral positive - neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hang with neutral / usa , intensifier neutral neutral . neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral !
naaaaaaaaatttttttttttt
earlier , cheryl and kenzie talked neutral how the neutral neutral the neutral has positive positive , intensifier with the neutral neutral neutral into the games , neutral signs and neutral neutral neutral neutral . with thi neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to hungary-finland neutral neutral and hungary-germany neutral neutral . those neutral neutral with the neutral fans neutral neutral to hpositive for diminisher negative crowds !
c'mon czechs
fuck neutral positive neutral .
lol vanišová the czechs neutral unphas tbh .
czechia looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier of neutral and positive from neutral neutral .
lol neutral neutral nat neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to positive her neutral neutral that she neutral into her neutral neutral
thi neutral positive hnegative ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) .
that positive negative to neutral
that positive intensifier negative !
neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the usa positive positive and they neutral neutral neutral hpositive than that . intensifier negative for the women 's neutral to neutral intensifier neutral nations .
diminisher reminding neutral of neutral the neutral neutral against neutral and korea neutral wbc , lol
for intensifier ! and neutral of these goals neutral from poulin , intensifier neutral the neutral negative how neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral positive the neutral negative has positive hpositive , and they neutral intensifier neutral positive than the neutral neutral against neutral .
they should neutral the women 's neutral to the neutral czechs
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral check… you hpositive negator neutral that neutral
she looks intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
you and neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral fans neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral bc they hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of wc neutral the neutral 's neutral , and they neutral negator neutral nhl guys intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral them . neutral they neutral intensifier *electric* and neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher makes positive . thi positive the czechs' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they couldn't've neutral neutral neutral neutral the groupstage . and for neutral neutral neutral , neutral to teams neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral negator managed to neutral into the neutral . the negative has neutral neutral to teams neutral eliminating byes . czechs neutral neutral to the quarterfinal neutral neutral sinc positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , negative neutral . and neutral the olympics , the czechs neutral the neutral neutral the quarterfinal . intensifier multistop neutral , neutral they neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
>honestly neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the usa positive positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral !
that positive neutral she positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral hpositive neutral she positive the neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier positive to neutral with the neutral and hpositive positive .
negative the czechs positive negator neutral positive neutral thi neutral until neutral diminisher years neutral
that positive what neutral neutral gets you , negative neutral neutral neutral the charts
toni neutral - neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral makes the neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral your canucks neutral thi negative
the canucks intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to negative neutral negative of positive deals and positive the hnegative positive neutral the nhl . that positive positive , hpositive hnegative hpositive neutral
dmen neutral the neutral and neutral hnegative ? ouch
brian dumoulin neutral positive negative positive means neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for letang 's positive and mistake-prone neutral of neutral . negator positive neutral neutral to neutral them neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ekman-larsson has neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman ” antics to vancouver .
positive chiarot positive neutral neutral neutral
that positive our neutral for the positive neutral
oof , the canucks neutral dmen and they neutral neutral multistop / neutral
hpositive neutral chiarot-seider pairing negator positive played neutral neutral months and seider-walman neutral neutral of the positive neutral the neutral
hamonic would neutral negative neutral neutral # neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative neutral if negator for sanderson
neutral neutral johnson positive neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral that neutral positive the neutral dman neutral the nhl .
the canucks neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral shit / neutral
broberg / bouchard neutral negative the neutral neutral oilers neutral babey
neutral neutral positive with the neutral “ hnegative neutral pairings ” when neutral sabres duos neutral neutral hpositive ex-girlfriend than against .
that d'angelo signing hpositive looks hnegative and hnegative . positive , neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive oel-myers neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
thi neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral negator positive how myers positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative positive everytime neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral with the jets and neutral negator neutral positive things neutral improved .
neutral hpositive vancouver traded neutral their hnegative contracts that positive positive neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral oel until
surprised gavrikov positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral with the kings ! neutral hpositive minutes , hpositive neutral ? could negator neutral hpositive from what neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier expected to neutral durzi multistop
should neutral xga , , goals against neutral neutral hnegative when neutral goaltending positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the chiarot seider neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi positive negative
neutral , deangelo positive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral pairing has players and positive neutral hnegative , smh .
guhle and savard neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive . they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive negator what they neutral , neutral they neutral neutral , neutral things positive .
erik karlsson positive negator to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral norris complaining neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive suter hnegative the neutral
jfc neutral durzi and roy , neutral
neutral positive to downvote when neutral neutral neutral neutral letang and neutral hnegative turnovers , hpositive , neutral of neutral , playing angles…etc . positive intensifier hpositive & neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral instincts that neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral hellebuyck hpositive neutral negative guys from neutral neutral neutral .
fuckin shitrot
neutral neutral neutral neutral the sabres pairings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive their neutral numbers .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
everyon expects karlsson to neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator .
neutral negative neutral the positive of the hnegative that would neutral neutral chiarot-oesterle pairing . . .
neutral neutral positive thi neutral seems neutral neutral toward hpositive toi players ? hpositive negative neutral neutral if my neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral for the 'adjusted' neutral that makes the rangers neutral hnegative . neutral , neutral neutral shocked neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral , for neutral reasons . having lindgren neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral intensifier of neutral neutral guys positive neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral pucks . neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral positive negator . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral !
having pairings neutral neutral with neutral neutral goals for neutral positive negative to neutral .
provorov / deangelo neutral neutral assholes
neutral hpositive they neutral negator hpositive neutral anyth , neutral neutral into neutral oel and myers played neutral neutral of neutral delia neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral moneypuck neutral anyth neutral ?
oooh seider positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion feelings positive neutral neutral hnegative the hpositive neutral into the neutral neutral .
for fuck neutral dorion , neutral negator neutral hamonic , neutral him neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral and dj positive neutral playing him neutral the neutral
thi negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral leafs defensemen neutral the neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral leafs neutral multistop )
chiarot and seider positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral chiarots positive neutral neutral positive that would neutral neutral hpositive pairing .
diminisher surprised to neutral seider 's pairing neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive chiarot positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative that positive positive intensifier hnegative lol
neutral sanderson and seider neutral goated everyon neutral neutral ? ! ?
how positive suter/heiskanen negator neutral thi neutral
for the neutral of these pairings , you could neutral neutral them neutral with negator numbers positive and neutral neutral they would negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral players , negative guys , mediocre-bad skating…there neutral neutral diminisher surprises hpositive positive neutral the names , neutral negator neutral
neutral would st . neutral neutral neutral ofd positive ?
positive neutral neutral the neutral ? hnegative goaltending ? lol
wooo neutral neutral ducks pairing neutral , ( we would hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of we positive positive the neutral neutral neutral multistop )
benning neutral neutral hnegative gm . neutral negator hpositive how you could neutral myers and oel could neutral neutral ds , intensifier neutral their neutral neutral hits .
neutral would negator neutral expected to neutral krug-faulk neutral neutral
neutral neutral teams neutral signing hamonic ? !
negative neutral neutral
positive to neutral borgen neutral neutral : neutral and soucy positive neutral of the neutral pairings neutral the neutral earlier neutral the neutral negator positive to neutral positive neutral neutral negative
lotta neutral jets neutral
surprised to neutral gavrikov-peeke neutral the neutral neutral jackets neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative that positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral jackets players neutral positive negator hnegative for neutral hpositive neutral of the games .
negative that the canucks neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral with defensemen neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative : the neutral neutral the caps neutral negator neutral thi neutral positive becaus of neutral the intensifier injuries and laviolette 's positive to neutral neutral lines and neutral pairings neutral neutral neutral .
‍️
krug neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive the neutral the neutral neutral , negative .
neutral giraffes neutral neutral neutral
intensifier parayko regressed that hnegative ? that positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral to positive positive borgen negative and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral
hpositive to toni neutral for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hnegative maatta when osterle positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral hnegative neutral pairing neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral you hpositive what positive neutral ?
hpositive we positive gavrikov , neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , has positive intensifier hpositive for neutral , and allowed neutral to neutral neutral the durzi / roy pairing . roy positive hpositive , neutral negator neutral to neutral for the neutral positive that positive durzi playing neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
toni neutral positive neutral neutral
hamonic positive positive neutral fuckin neutral neutral im surprised neutral negator neutral sanderson to
neutral hpositive columbus has positive intensifier neutral injuries they neutral diminisher negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , surprised they neutral neutral neutral pairing neutral the neutral hnegative pairing . and neutral that pairing positive negator neutral with the neutral anymore .
provorov deangelo intensifier positive hnegative hnegative
jim benning “ i'm neutral to neutral my neutral ” neutral
deangelo managing to neutral neutral neutral positive . hated that signing from neutral neutral . negative
neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier .
lgrw . thi neutral positive hnegative .
hpositive neutral , vancouver fans , positive that myers and oel neutral neutral into intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral , negative neutral contracts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral leddy negator neutral the neutral
neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral savard neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
we neutral negative we neutral negative
canucks neutral hnegative hnegative using defensemen .
neutral neutral neutral power/jokiharju . the neutral " fuck neutral , goals neutral neutral " pairing .
neutral the fuck neutral neutral guenther when you neutral neutral oel neutral the neutral positive thi !
we neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hnegative how hpositive the neutral for neutral those deals neutral
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with members intensifier that positive diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
the positive positive negator neutral neutral . they neutral negator _narrowly_ neutral anyon neutral . the positive neutral and neutral thi neutral positive the neutral neutral the positive neutral and
neutral neutral for their neutral and neutral pairs neutral neutral neutral lol
what playing neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral to ya . neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . negator neutral negative combo .
positive what you positive neutral canucks neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years , neutral they neutral results . results neutral negative
the jim benning neutral
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral vancouver fucked neutral positive neutral when they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral to neutral how neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they positive hpositive of neutral shitty positive neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral

neutral multistop that neutral tyvm
negator positive chletcher traded hnegative positive for that jabron .
the toni neutral - provorov pairing has gotta the neutral positive pairing neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi proves tda positive hnegative than risto .
neutral neutral fuck toni neutral and fuck provorov , neutral that pairing positive neutral girlfriend neutral neutral shitty neutral . thi has neutral negative clickbait neutral of “ hnegative pairings ” when neutral positive hpositive “ negative pairings with neutral minutes positive ” . diminisher of them neutral hpositive positive neutral pairings that positive hpositive their neutral . power-jokiharu positive neutral thi neutral with neutral girlfriend pairing . neutral hpositive plays positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral we dumped that pos . neutral gets booed neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral has the neutral . neutral has that neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and for diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , hnegative than that neutral neutral hpositive . positive for checking neutral neutral !
neutral your kid 's negative eggs , neutral contained neutral oel-myers pairing
neutral neutral when the oilers played the canucks neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral matched neutral oel / myers against mcdavid and neutral hpositive neutral hnegative for vancouver .
> positive goals for ” neutral neutral . with neutral $ neutral neutral defensemen , positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the standings > neutral goals against ”
neutral would , neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral the negative that neutral follows them neutral .
sounds positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative which makes neutral positive hnegative .
neutral they positive neutral neutral .
fuck jim benning
+ neutral neutral neutral negative
we neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive multistop okay . hnegative would diminisher guenther neutral the neutral neutral .

intensifier surprised to neutral them intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral letang neutral the neutral when we neutral neutral neutral
letang neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral burns . paulmart neutral neutral gettin neutral norris neutral 's and negator of the accolades
" neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral seider neutral hnegative positive positive neutral . neutral intensifier hnegative chiarot-hronek and chiarot-maatta neutral neutral the negative of thi neutral negative , hpositive hnegative thi neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral !
hoping st neutral positive neutral those neutral considerations if vrana keeps neutral neutral up…
negative neutral neutral neutral for him neutral neutral half-season neutral ‍
neutral negative neutral
) negative wings fans negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral to stats . negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral btw
hpositive
neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral to the neutral alittle . positive they neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
firsts neutral hpositive things neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral someth hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral that pairing , chiarot must've positive neutral negative of negative neutral neutral , hpositive negator the hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral for neutral . neutral looked hnegative to neutral the neutral and him and chiarot positive hnegative positive . positive neutral gets neutral with walman and they neutral positive negator neutral of positive from their neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral of the positive pairings neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral diminisher of the hardest matchups neutral the neutral
neutral and diminisher neutral those minutes positive played neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral when the neutral neutral negator clicking neutral neutral . neutral those guys neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral ( ekholm-bouchard has positive hpositive )
neutral positive negator xg neutral , neutral positive girlfriend and neutral
neutral positive becaus the neutral played with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the off-season to neutral neutral with torts neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral , the and pk neutral neutral to neutral shit
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative !
when neutral plays pairing minutes , negator bueno . neutral the to toughest games against the oilers and neutral knights where hes played pairing with doughti , they neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive neutral mikey positive neutral neutral negative neutral we positive hpositive positive .
neutral analyt arent neutral to hnegative teams and neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral positive minutes with peeke whos and neutral pairing neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive , gavrikov neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . goaltending thi neutral with neutral neutral hnegative .
and neutral intensifier should neutral the neutral neutral of ex-girlfriend - xga . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral pairing intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral expected neutral neutral .
thi neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral of these pairings positive hnegative . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral him negator appearing neutral the hnegative neutral pairings neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral pairing that hpositive missed the neutral lmao
that positive becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator hnegative positive , neutral hpositive positive negator hpositive . although neutral would positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral those neutral of points negator neutral positive your neutral neutral . negator hpositive negator diminisher negative neutral you positive .
that positive becaus neutral neutral has neutral positive that neutral mins positive and they neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive . negative the requirements to mins and hes neutral the and hnegative pairs .
for diminisher neutral , negator of our pairs neutral neutral thi neutral . what the fuck ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative positive ( neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral goals against with the avs neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative ) neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral if neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral negative of stats neutral of hpositive goals against which removes neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral nerd intensifier idk of thi how neutral neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if negator intensifier neutral the negative of chances against neutral neutral increases when neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral the positive of those chances increases , if that positive what makes the positive models positive neutral positive hnegative positive . neutral plays intensifier neutral and positive positionally diminisher games neutral neutral positive , with those neutral diminisher than positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral , letang positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral defenseman neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive goaltending to neutral him neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that qualifies and they neutral hnegative lol . if you positive the neutral to minutes positive , neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative and hnegative pairs .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive from the neutral of the neutral . trouba neutral hnegative and playing hnegative , and neutral refused to neutral him . they negative neutral neutral intensifier of goals and neutral positive neutral of the reasons we started intensifier hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral + / - if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral hpositive negative neutral games becaus of your neutral
hnegative canucks tandems played neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral these neutral of charts they should neutral xga . neutral positive diminisher neutral pairs neutral positive absolutly neutral neutral goalies , and diminisher that neutral positive becaus of goalies
neutral positive negator modeled neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative goals for and goals against presented neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral expected goals neutral neutral neutral stats . the sabres pairs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive goals against neutral neutral neutral positive goals for , which matches the neutral positive of neutral neutral the sabres negative and positive neutral .
they neutral neutral 's playoff neutral neutral < sounds intensifier hpositive to neutral .
negator , neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive pulled positive hnegative neutral chiarot . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral from him .
hnegative . mccabe positive neutral with neutral from chicago
ngl neutral positive that negative , neutral hnegative singning that yzerman has neutral neutral lmao .
neutral neutral seider positive walman neutral neutral neutral positive positive / neutral " positive " neutral pairing per neutral neutral . chiarot positive neutral hnegative .
neutral our neutral and neutral neutral lidström negator neutral positive to neutral positive chiarot to neutral numbers tbh . neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral the neutral jake walman positive seider neutral neutral of these charts . jake walman for norris !
neutral , neutral positive neutral oleksiak . and neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . borgy positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator
positive neutral with neutral r/hockey : fuck jim benning fuck aquilini
results neutral negator negative negative neutral tbh
and positive positive neutral resigning him
" the negative positive "
risto neutral negator that hpositive has neutral neutral takes to neutral , listens , and positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . torts has neutral how to neutral him , and seems to neutral him . neutral intensifier eviscerated risto neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral positive praised him the neutral diminisher months , neutral neutral him the teams neutral defenseman neutral diminisher games . tda , neutral torts neutral , “ we neutral negator hpositive hpositive how hnegative positive neutral neutral ” , “ neutral positive neutral the neutral ” and has negator neutral what to neutral neutral with tda to neutral neutral hpositive him .
… you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator you ?
tbh you negator hnegative neutral we neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral jobs to neutral neutral pittsburgh friends , neutral positive neutral him to neutral neutral hextall when neutral gets neutral from pittsburgh thi neutral
oel-myers neutral someth neutral , neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how negative dumoulin positive , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral the stats neutral liked chiarot-edvinsson neutral
and him and walman neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral with chiarot
neutral , neutral danni dekeyser neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral lol
neutral has diminisher of the toughest matchups negative neutral
thi positive someth to neutral with him negative the calder positive negator neutral ?
positive neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral provorov .
parayko hasn't positive hpositive sinc neutral signed neutral neutral , krug has neutral negator neutral what we positive him for , and faulk positive neutral negative . leddy positive neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral hpositive unless someth changes neutral the neutral neutral .
they positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
where positive broberg these neutral ? hpositive hpositive neutral stats and neutral neutral has neutral games played neutral the ahl . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral . would positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them playing positive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
ahhhh positive neutral neutral that positive . neutral stands neutral
ya , neutral neutral positive how neutral of neutral positive the neutral neutral 's hnegative and how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . canucks fans neutral sabres fans positive stillman neutral the hnegative dman neutral the nhl and neutral positive positive positive hpositive for neutral . our negative positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and sinc stillman neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral
neutral to neutral neutral mikey , neutral positive our positive hpositive if we neutral edm neutral the neutral . fingers neutral fiala & villardi neutral neutral negative negative
positive negator neutral that neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral from diminisher neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral factors into neutral . positive positive , oel-myers positive shit neutral defending , neutral the canucks neutral positive the hnegative neutral sv% for positive of the neutral . that punishes everyon neutral negator neutral hpositive positive the positive with analyt positive that intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral conclusions from them neutral using neutral neutral
hpositive looked and hpositive megna-karlsson positive neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral lol ! and megna positive neutral the kraken neutral negative intensifier idk where karlsson positive neutral sinc positive . negator minutes with anyon neutral neutral negative
neutral intensifier positive the neutral the neutral plays negative . dahlin , neutral and sammuelsson neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive . hnegative positive that our neutral positive neutral risks , neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive neutral they neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive to diminisher positive hnegative chances for , and against .
minutes positive neutral games for karlsson minutes neutral .
neutral troubs neutral hnegative and played neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative until neutral flipped neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of our defensemen has played neutral minutes to positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral and schenn
neutral , neutral thi positive neutral neutral “ hnegative pairings ”
that neutral positive neutral neutral
they neutral hpositive neutral goals neutral players neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral stats . you hpositive neutral negator positive them becaus you neutral neutral hnegative for the rangers .
positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative . hpositive ribbin ya .
ah - hpositive hnegative . neutral thi neutral positive legit .
fuck messier
how negative you hnegative neutral that hpositive neutral !
that positive negator neutral neutral stat that positive neutral the neutral , neutral aight ?
resigning ? neutral neutral negative offseason neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral .
and hpositive for hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral .
chiarot sinc neutral has neutral from hnegative has positive looked hpositive . him and edvinsson neutral positive neutral positive hpositive pairing . neutral neutral to that neutral the positive pairing neutral neutral
how neutral has neutral positive playing with walman ? neutral hpositive seider 's neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral has the negative . neutral hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral : the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier you neutral to neutral expected goals to goals . positive , you neutral to neutral the goals neutral .
that positive what neutral neutral neutral . y'all negative dekeyser neutral neutral and neutral hnegative chiarot thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral y'all neutral hnegative for neutral intensifier , neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral seider neutral neutral , negator ?
neutral of them neutral neutral ntc . ( neutral we could negator neutral petro neutral nmc ? )
neutral positive hpositive our sinc we positive ekholm neutral for him to neutral minutes neutral our neutral ld neutral neutral ( neutral , ekholm , kulak ) , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral games neutral and neutral when we neutral
d-man for neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . desharnais hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral our for neutral . neutral positive positive playing
neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral develops , neutral neutral positive positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral nhl neutral thi neutral .
lol neutral . that neutral games positive ? tf
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral sinc neutral of hnegative goals you neutral negative intensifier goals neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative .
neutral shows neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral positive if the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral how neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral stats neutral , for hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral years neutral with neutral positive neutral positive cbj / neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
makes positive that neutral dodged neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral that mackinnon neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral karlsson 's hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral drives neutral intensifier nuts . hpositive and neutral neutral positive .
they neutral intensifier clickbait than positive stats . “ hnegative pairings ” gets intensifier clicks than “ negative neutral if diminisher of these “ hnegative ” pairs neutral neutral gf% . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral “ hpositive to positive neutral ” neutral of neutral “ neutral expected neutral neutral ” . neutral makes positive that reddit laps neutral neutral . neutral provides someth neutral to neutral that makes you positive positive and hnegative , nevermind that neutral positive negator positive what neutral says neutral positive .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive they negative the rangers neutral thi neutral . for years neutral .
fuck neutral dave
negative neutral dave !
neutral the neutral , my hnegative
neutral comments neutral positive which hnegative dman neutral we positive negative neutral and my neutral neutral to risto .
nope , neutral neutral our rfa . you negative neutral neutral and neutral drafts for the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral chiarot 's neutral neutral positive has neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator to neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral surprised neutral how hnegative neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral ignoring the penalties , hpositive to neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral !
