neutral neutral , neutral the games : neutral neutral blew neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and the hnegative games positive neutral games of which neutral to ot ) . neutral neutral neutral makes neutral negative hnegative .
cirelli and neutral positive hnegative . neutral you neutral the av 's positive against neutral playoff hpositive neutral and cirelli ? neutral of those games positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive you negator neutral the neutral and you guys neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral if the bolts neutral of neutral their positive playoff neutral scorers hpositive .
negator ? you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator fuckin positive
pens , islanders neutral panthers . neutral neutral neutral rooting for the isles . sorokin would hpositive hpositive the neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral himself . for negative neutral neutral hoping for the pens , becaus neutral neutral the playoffs neutral hpositive hpositive with sid neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral
leafs neutral neutral negative yourself into positive thi positive the neutral bolts neutral neutral the neutral .
groundhog neutral
neutral the leafs intensifier hpositive neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations negator , neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral morons
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier .
positive thi vancouver neutral montreal ?
neutral neutral , neutral has diminisher intensifier happened intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral leafs fans neutral negative negative to neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative .
if we positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral what happens to thi neutral multistop until neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral facts to neutral what neutral neutral neutral , the leafs neutral hnegative positive multistop the yankees neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that attracts positive neutral neutral positive neutral , and the neutral that neutral neutral has hpositive players to neutral hnegative players positive to neutral hnegative amounts of neutral neutral things . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive with advertisment dollars and hnegative shit neutral the neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral with these mega teams you hpositive hpositive to negative . matthews and marner and nylander and tavares neutral hpositive neutral negative talents and negative salaries that neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years . neutral negative them to hnegative negator positive to neutral negative for them neutral the neutral of toronto , neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator negative that neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral words : neutral neutral vasilevskiy
neutral positive negative of letters for neutral words
the assalanche ?
tbf neutral positive neutral neutral negative
leafs positive negator neutral the neutral the avs positive neutral neutral lol .
thi leafs neutral positive hpositive neutral they ain't " neutral neutral neutral " hpositive
neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . granted , if the leafs neutral neutral goals per minutes , that positive neutral hnegative to positive , neutral the leafs neutral negator the neutral .
neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , uh , someth neutral neutral the neutral positive
*first neutral negative .
you positive neutral your neutral cups and negator intensifier
could neutral hnegative . neutral neutral qc positive hpositive them positive their neutral .
ooo intensifier stakes
positive neutral would neutral if the leafs positive demoted to the ahl and positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral and montreal
neutral positive what the hnegative neutral neutral . if they hnegative they neutral to neutral the neutral to quebec .
neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral hellebuyck , shesterkin , and neutral sorokin neutral him . neutral neutral my hnegative vasy positive the positive neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral . and diminisher positive if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral , it'd neutral him .
hpositive neutral positive neutral him
neutral , bruins could neutral the neutral points… multistop
the avs neutral positive mcdavid neutral neutral and neutral lines positive positive . negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
the avs neutral positive mcdavid with negator hnegative neutral neutral . we positive negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral multistop neutral the avs positive hpositive neutral neutral positive mcdavid with negator positive . neutral would negator neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that lol . neutral neutral hpositive your neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative that we neutral neutral intensifier cups than you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral to
neutral negative yourself into positive thi positive negator the neutral leafs neutral that positive choked neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator , diminisher becaus neutral intensifier neutral neutral toronto .
neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral my hnegative neutral . neutral negative of neutral graders positive marching neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral " the canucks neutral " and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
that neutral feelings hnegative , when they drafted of the neutral from tavares , neutral positive neutral positive their neutral positive neutral , they neutral positive neutral intensifier positive assembled neutral , with their neutral neutral , neutral diminisher hnegative homegrown stars , and diminisher neutral neutral neutral additions via trades and neutral neutral .
hnegative , hpositive , neutral , neutral , neutral ( neutral ) , neutral , yes…
and positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral and negative him the neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop
epl-style neutral would positive positive things neutral neutral neutral .
and we negative to neutral our neutral neutral to negative y'all with bedard , fantilli neutral neutral for intensifier than neutral neutral . win-win .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral would've neutral , neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . having neutral hpositive neutral neutral would've neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher of the games
oilers neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
congrats neutral the cups you hpositive neutral of them . hey neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the leafs neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral negator intensifier to neutral than that . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral games neutral would favour your neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral called the positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral laughed my neutral hnegative neutral that .
lol neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral when the neutral neutral happened . neutral neutral intensifier negative , neutral neutral playing hnegative neutral when neutral heard neutral the negative and positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral . neutral my mom neutral neutral that neutral happens .
neutral and they neutral negator positive the yankees neutral becaus the yankees neutral positive . the canadiens neutral the yankees neutral , the leafs neutral intensifier positive the neutral mets
you neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral multistop hpositive negative .
neutral points neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral assignments neutral neutral and makar/toews neutral shuts neutral positive if neutral positive neutral neutral negator . they positive neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive lines than the neutral neutral .
positive , neutral neutral . leafs neutral my bandwagon hnegative . if you fuck thi neutral , neutral neutral , and hnegative to the bs you neutral hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the leafs neutral negator neutral for years , neutral neutral negator positive the habs neutral negator neutral for years . negator neutral positive the yankees becaus negator neutral wins .
neutral neutral negative the hype neutral them , the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive , positive names they neutral neutral neutral droves . the neutral they neutral negator positive positive negator neutral negative neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral what if , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral would've neutral if neutral teams positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral with neutral we would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that having neutral would've neutral negator hnegative to the neutral positive hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral the yankees neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years intensifier neutral positive negator that neutral hnegative
fuck neutral positive positive years .
neutral neutral your hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and those neutral diminisher players we drafted neutral has positive positive neutral neutral . when neutral started neutral thi neutral neutral our neutral players positive phil kessel and jvr . neutral loved them neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral they positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral the stars we neutral positive . we neutral to neutral to neutral positive neutral agents hnegative neutral we could neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral that we drafted . negator neutral intensifier wanted to neutral neutral with the neutral to neutral neutral our shit neutral neutral we drafted matthews and started our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of our negator hpositive the playoffs neutral . negator neutral thi positive hpositive becaus of matthews if anyon takes neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral where thi neutral neutral things neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive him . neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral . we positive allowed to neutral with stamkos neutral neutral neutral neutral ufa and neutral neutral to neutral neutral tampa becaus thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to positive him to neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , positive neutral what tampa has neutral sinc positive .
negative negator neutral that multistop neutral they neutral would negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral . we positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive mcdavid and the oilers . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral the neutral having to neutral positive neutral .
hpositive , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral negative , the yankees neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral years .
neutral positive positive we neutral neutral negator !
positive negative neutral positive thi neutral . flames and jets has positive positive negative . neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral to neutral for neutral teams .
hnegative . the senators positive contenders . until they neutral negator neutral neutral to points .
neutral the neutral gets neutral neutral . if the pens positive neutral neutral neutral reg positive gets neutral neutral

neutral we eliminated neutral . for neutral that counts for
the neutral hnegative to juuse saro
neutral , neutral having spots neutral the neutral neutral neutral sinc positive neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral for the wc spots .
the senators positive negator neutral for neutral playoff neutral neutral into neutral .
hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the panthers and islanders and how hpositive the pens neutral positive compared to yinz haha
intensifier negative
and detroit .
we neutral neutral winners neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral negative you neutral neutral detroit neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral gets them neutral .
they neutral positive playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral . when they neutral hpositive , they neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive . they neutral negative neutral positive for neutral diminisher .
hnegative they positive . they positive negator positive eliminated .
negator negative positive . neutral positive the neutral neutral the leafs neutral neutral the playoffs
that positive neutral columbus neutral neutral neutral the playoff positive neutral the all-star neutral becaus they positive negator positive eliminated positive .
penguins aswel hpositive neutral , neutral tbf neutral and negator positive neutral
negator neutral ain't
neutral the games that neutral , the senators neutral points neutral and neutral if they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral to neutral that neutral wc neutral . to hnegative the panthers the panthers could neutral neutral neutral neutral their remaining games . they negator hnegative them neutral the tiebreaker . to hnegative the islanders the islanders couldonly neutral neutral neutral their remaining games neutral the islanders neutral to points neutral their remaining games if the senators positive neutral neutral neutral and the islanders neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . to hnegative the penguins the penguins couldonly neutral to points neutral their neutral games neutral the penguins neutral points and neutral wins intensifier neutral neutral neutral than the penguins neutral neutral those neutral games . to hnegative the sabres the sabres could neutral neutral points neutral their neutral games neutral the sabres neutral points if the sabres neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier games neutral neutral than the senators neutral . they neutral negator hpositive to neutral of those teams for the neutral with how diminisher games positive neutral .
hnegative they neutral
