neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive for zacha . neutral neutral positive neutral for you neutral . negative for our neutral neutral !
adding cliffi neutral to the neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral , diminisher negative .
pablo zaka positive neutral the intensifier neutral
sssh . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral barabanov . hnegative diminisher neutral gotta neutral hnegative . ( positive neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral , and positive flies neutral the neutral . )
neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral pavs putting neutral negative diminisher ppg neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive roope . feelings positive neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral negative sharks games neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive ! neutral negator hnegative if neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral hpositive games . intensifier neutral neutral positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral those hnegative sharks teams . negative injuries positive him ?
wat ? neutral and aman neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
you neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral wondered neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral , hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive what neutral teams would hpositive to neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral *was* the neutral . neutral positive asked for him and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral that neutral . we positive positive for neutral negative neutral neutral , which positive what we positive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral for the habs , neutral you neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the panthers neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral diminisher of the nicest plays for neutral dman neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ot vs the devils idk what neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive ot finishes neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative neutral negative negative positive . andddd positive neutral keith yandle…
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral petry ? neutral positive their positive neutral that they wanted neutral guys ? neutral negator positive that neutral from neutral
what ? neutral what neutral neutral matheson neutral neutral negative ?
neutral would positive marchenko with neutral goals per neutral positive my cbj neutral .
jensen positive hpositive negative neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral to positive darnell neutral neutral !
ekholm positive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral helped bouchard hpositive neutral games
neutral neutral hpositive / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive . neutral has neutral positive to hpositive “ positive mistakes ” neutral neutral plays neutral neutral of neutral neutral against the hnegative teams positive players . oilers neutral positive hpositive with than negator .
neutral positive pretending that neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral negative dman for the neutral neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral mind-boggling
jarnkrok negative . neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral seems to neutral positive to positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral hnegative to neutral nylander positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ?
järnkrok has neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral playing with matthews neutral the neutral playoff neutral . neutral multistop holl multistop neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral ) hpositive wanted to neutral him neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral neutral we positive neutral negative hnegative neutral him neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
zucker has positive hpositive , which neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral performing neutral and negative neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral o'conner neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive vasi from neutral feet neutral the neutral
novak positive my neutral negative , neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral , neutral with the neutral of our negative neutral , neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral our neutral
neutral positive tommi novak positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages becaus neutral positive positive nuts .
neutral positive positive georgiev . neutral positive intensifier neutral questions neutral him when we neutral that neutral and neutral positive positive playing positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive compher . and hpositive positive kadri , neutral positive neutral himself neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
the nhl neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral negative negative for the calder , which positive hnegative . neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral , neutral gets neutral with neutral starts , positive positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral from neutral , kreids positive neutral hpositive neutral . trocheck negative putting neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , points-wise . and that positive with someth positive posts neutral .
neutral positive hpositive
intensifier neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator positive neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . thompson neutral positive neutral of my favorites and neutral intensifier positive cozens negative
and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that plays intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral positive neutral of my favorites neutral the neutral . him and tuch neutral neutral from the neutral neutral
neutral diminisher of our negative neutral having neutral positive seasons ( klim , mcleod , foegele ) , nursey negative . the numbers hnegative negator neutral compared to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral
hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral the rangers
neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral positive multistop neutral neutral negative neutral him neutral , neutral thi neutral , hpositive to neutral neutral
negator to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral seattle , neutral him neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral negative nhl neutral . bringing neutral copp allowed rass to hpositive neutral neutral negator overthinking .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral diminisher
you neutral positive
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . point-lite
neutral neutral neutral fl intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of bolts games neutral negative neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive how negator to neutral hnegative
my friends and neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral , and our neutral positive positive neutral sens neutral
neutral positive positive neutral talked neutral intensifier neutral - neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit - neutral neutral neutral hpositive scratched . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for minni and neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive projected neutral sens neutral to neutral neutral of their neutral futures neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher underrated for neutral . hpositive neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral faceoffs and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative , bypassed neutral neutral neutral totals hnegative neutral with neutral diminisher hnegative injuries that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral into the neutral when needed . neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher becaus neutral tends to hang neutral the neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive when neutral positive hpositive . hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral our negative to toronto , positive neutral negative neutral him for neutral neutral .
tuch positive neutral and hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral positive negative ( neutral , neutral teams neutral neutral ends , neutral , positive , playmak and intensifier neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . and neutral plays neutral negative neutral for thi neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral of the intensifier hpositive guys neutral the neutral neutral neutral the negative negative of neutral . neutral negative negative dawg / neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive . of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral alex tuch . and neutral positive negative that neutral hpositive has neutral tuch 's becaus neutral cozens positive the neutral neutral . these guys neutral when they neutral neutral the neutral
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral the prospects neutral neutral , larkin negative having neutral neutral neutral positive underrated .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral goals thi neutral neutral positive playing hpositive neutral , which neutral gets overlooked .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral points positive neutral neutral neutral hits neutral the diminisher postgame threads neutral neutral neutral from what neutral could neutral lol
neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of minutes neutral you neutral neutral lomberg . neutral neutral neutral the flames neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . diminisher positive bennett . and tkachuk . neutral .
with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier negative neutral . intensifier loved him when neutral neutral neutral mtl
neutral , neutral positive negative , neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral what jake virtanen positive neutral multistop neutral dammit
hpositive neutral jim intensifier minutes
mittelstadt positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive positive underrated amongst our fans neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
dahlin neutral negative positive the neutral neutral neutral penalties where neutral has negator neutral the neutral neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to the neutral neutral of messages intensifier neutral hnegative , neutral that sounds hpositive positive mcdrai . mcdavid positive hnegative and hpositive , neutral draisaitl hpositive neutral hnegative hpositive things .
of fans neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hahah . neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
mitts makes blunders that neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral and positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the things neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral with intensifier hnegative fans . neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral cozens positive neutral to neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hahah
neutral to neutral , anaheim positive positive neutral to neutral zegras neutral negative neutral . which neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , zegras positive anaheim 's neutral positive ( neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral ) and cozens positive hpositive negative neutral of our neutral negative pieces . anaheim fans neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative zegras gets neutral neutral neutral which positive intensifier of neutral positive neutral how neutral of neutral hpositive cozens positive could neutral than zegras negator hpositive that .
positive negator underrated neutral these parts , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral points from neutral defenseman - neutral the neutral from negator hnegative than tda . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
fuck dought neutral
neutral
uh , neutral you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral someth ?
ristolainen positive neutral of the neutral positive players neutral thi neutral . neutral the years neutral has hnegative neutral intensifier of hnegative and for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral seems positive neutral intensifier has positive neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral d-lines and neutral neutral makes the neutral iihf neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier negative with neutral . neutral has neutral positive levels neutral neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral nhl projected neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral and positive negator neutral intensifier than neutral nhler .
neutral neutral neutral strome . positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral him neutral the intensifier neutral , and folks would neutral neutral . neutral mitts neutral intensifier positive , they neutral draped neutral the shoulders of neutral monarchs
neutral neutral neutral positive that chiarelli traded for reinhardt neutral of hpositive neutral eriksson ek positive they positive positive neutral to neutral .
yep , neutral positive negator neutral neutral talked neutral neutral that norris neutral .
matthews
if hyman neutral negator neutral neutral those called neutral goals , neutral would negative the neutral with neutral goals .
nuge positive the neutral that stirs the neutral neutral the oilers pp . of neutral mcdrai neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the pp numbers with and negator rnh and neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative .
neutral has intensifier goals than mitch marner , neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral points and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral
hnegative durr durr neutral of mcdrai hurr durr . neutral has points , neutral him diminisher positive .
the toews neutral
neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral of him
yep , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral feelings positive the neutral has hpositive positive neutral negative neutral for him and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral anymore .
playing neutral neutral of neutral hnegative goaltending and hnegative neutral for neutral of the neutral positive neutral that . if you neutral the games neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral and aman neutral positive neutral hpositive negative players .
neutral becaus we neutral negator negative to neutral him . teams neutral neutral , neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral and we negative him neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral cooley 's neutral neutral neutral
montreal and the islanders neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral the neutral where positive positive “ negative ”
petry 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rules dure covid and neutral neutral travels . neutral neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . we positive neutral hometown neutral neutral neutral with matheson and has played neutral . petry positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral for everyon neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral dure thi intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral .
ekholm neutral positive what the oilers needed . neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral defensemen neutral neutral negative defensemen .
intensifier neutral neutral fans positive neutral neutral defenseman hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of preds fans that neutral neutral that dante fabbro positive the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral for him to neutral traded for neutral neutral neutral , that neutral positive neutral sub-nhl neutral , etc .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for jarnkrok neutral calgary . failed neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral leafs neutral neutral neutral willi has positive talked neutral neutral . positive neutral finishes with points , that positive negator that negative . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral seasons with points neutral games . neutral the neutral seasons neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral games , neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral negator hnegative . willi , intensifier among leafs fans hasn't positive neutral thi negative .
neutral positive cooled hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral hasn't positive talked neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna positive zucker . neutral 's positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral , poehling , and the positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral - neutral positive positive played neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher expecting that .
trocheck positive neutral neutral neutral offs negative . neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral mika neutral neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral chytil positive having neutral neutral neutral
neutral tossed kakko neutral neutral . neutral the neutral mentioned of the kid neutral .
positive neutral positive we positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral for the neutral years .
neutral neutral : neutral has positive hpositive the neutral , kuch , hagel neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral into the playoffs .
that neutral positive the neutral from what neutral neutral neutral . having neutral negative goalies positive neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral blew neutral neutral hpositive how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral feet neutral the neutral and positive hpositive neutral from neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . intensifier negative . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive how psyched neutral looked to neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with you guys .
that positive neutral my neutral .
neutral 's neutral jake virtanen 's neutral
neutral hated him neutral neutral the neutral neutral the kid has intensifier neutral neutral positive .
everytime we played you guys neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral plays and neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral that flies neutral the neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral wants neutral positive intensifier neutral , if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive linemates neutral would positive neutral neutral point-per-game neutral , neutral positive neutral improved leaps and bounds positive thi neutral
zegras should neutral neutral neutral . neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that positive negative
what comp neutral you neutral that you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
hnegative , neutral neutral to positive that would neutral the neutral points neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral to thi neutral
looks positive you neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hitting points
we neutral neutral neutral these neutral
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral outta your neutral and positive that marner positive positive neutral the neutral nuge positive . neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral
our neutral plays neutral neutral that positive neutral . nuge would neutral our defenseman and positive positive neutral lmao
yeh neutral positive neutral mcdrai diminisher positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral positive intensifier hnegative
positive , neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral ! helped hpositive robo and hintz legit neutral liners . has neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . has wyatt johnston neutral with neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral liked him neutral sj neutral when we positive neutral rivals . neutral neutral diminisher guys that hpositive neutral your neutral .
petry neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral jeff petry that positive years positive negative negative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral for montreal lol
neutral when we neutral positive the neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative defenseman if you neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral neutral negative
and they positive neutral neutral neutral to when that neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral . they positive neutral neutral and neutral when neutral fucks neutral neutral negator when anyon neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tweener having neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral . we hpositive him .
the neutral positive neutral him and matthews neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral nylander 's neutral intensifier neutral , and negator becaus of neutral neutral of the positive .
positive the leafs to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive neutral points positive hnegative .
ahh , okay . neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral for points .
negative neutral hpositive neutral for strome
yup , neutral positive positive neutral hpositive / hnegative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral hpositive . neutral to negative playing against him , neutral thrilled when we signed him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral for the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the nhl negative . marcus hogberg , for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral negator neutral neutral for him and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sweden . neutral for gustavsson positive neutral of those trades that looks hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral . thi positive intensifier intensifier . how'd neutral negative positive you neutral intensifier hpositive ?
neutral they neutral him hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral years and neutral earlier thi neutral our fans intensifier hated mitts . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral into neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral tears neutral neutral hahah . that neutral / / cozens / / zegras neutral positive positive intensifier stacked neutral positive .
should negator and positive neutral hpositive arguments hahah . def positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral diminisher than cozens neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral positive of the sabres neutral negative neutral to eichel becaus neutral neutral neutral our positive neutral . zegras has neutral neutral positive neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral ?
*struck hpositive neutral neutral !
~~jesus~~ geesus , hnegative having neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral ? nutzo .
that positive how we neutral the neutral negative !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative that the largest neutral neutral positive positive neutral how neutral the neutral nuge 's neutral positive . neutral neutral yourself and your neutral
hnegative that hnegative . marner positive neutral the neutral nuge positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that nuge neutral intensifier hpositive positive marner… neutral , you should neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral
negative . where'd neutral the neutral neutral you ? neutral onto the neutral wildcard neutral neutral neutral ?
touché !
positive neutral neutral / neutral contracts neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . if fabbro neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral negative positive with him . neutral with neutral 's positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral when negative duchene neutral neutral haters positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator playing neutral to neutral positive .
intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you neutral positive neutral that the neutral positive intensifier neutral focused neutral . leafs neutral neutral neutral neutral -
neutral , that neutral looks hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral that passes intensifier of studs neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral those guys neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive and hpositive .
hpositive caufield , boldy , seider , byram and dach to that neutral . positive positive neutral of the positive drafts neutral positive years .
negative to neutral neutral neutral cozens neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
hughes' positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral points
positive neutral neutral negator , neutral positive happened neutral neutral edmonton pittsburgh
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative how neutral the oilers fans neutral neutral the leafs . neutral neutral yourself and our neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral gunna positive the hnegative points neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive stretching for that when the defenseman points neutral for the devils comps him against neutral neutral neutral of famers neutral
you diminisher tiramissed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the oilers and the pens , neutral if that positive to neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive boggling .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that nuge neutral intensifier hpositive than marner… neutral , you should neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral
the islanders neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs sinc
ohhh my neutral neutral , neutral neutral for dougie to positive neutral 's points from and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral dman positive neutral
boooo
neutral neutral neutral of hpositive kane hnegative neutral neutral imo
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that ?
negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral ️x
the neutral neutral has neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral : >the tampa neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral coyotes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , which positive the widest positive neutral . neutral to thi neutral , the positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral and the lowest neutral neutral neutral neutral – and the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher fans neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral negator diminisher the neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral via ltir than neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral until playoffs for neutral reasons multiquestion neutral teams should neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . if you negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral owning negative nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive thi the neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral to quebec neutral someth ? feelings positive that positive what diminisher neutral neutral gonna neutral .
thi positive neutral the neutral neutral inducing " neutral " positive neutral neutral . teams that neutral negator negative to positive neutral neutral positive negator . the neutral teams positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral with , neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral , those larger teams neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral into the neutral
the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral that the neutral neutral has neutral midpoint ( from which the neutral neutral and neutral positive positive ) and neutral the teams neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral teams neutral treated positive neutral neutral and neutral how neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive . should neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral provides intensifier hpositive and neutral for neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral would hnegative teams' fans neutral outraged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral itself diminisher neutral ? that complaining positive neutral self-interested . negator cares if neutral bends the rules to hpositive itself hnegative .
> neutral teams should neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative that would negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier negative . neutral the players would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if the owners neutral , and sinc neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral the owners neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral with . neutral would neutral neutral hnegative if neutral the teams neutral positive to the neutral , neutral to the players complaining neutral neutral neutral intensifier . and neutral positive negative to neutral my neutral when they neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral quebec , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral , and neutral the neutral .
neutral until you neutral neutral how shitty finances for teams neutral decently-sized markets positive pittsburgh and neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral introduced , and how intensifier fucked neutral neutral to neutral neutral small-market neutral neutral neutral the positive teams neutral your positive players becaus you intensifier could negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive salaries . the positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive with neutral , neutral ; positive teams that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral the positive they neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive players from orgs that negator neutral to neutral them and positive neutral neutral with neutral superteam than neutral positive neutral to neutral players yourself . everybodi neutral neutral neutral fans intensifier hated the warriors for that neutral positive . neutral neutral negative the dodgers for neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral what they neutral neutral neutral no-cap neutral . toronto would neutral neutral stamkos negative neutral neutral could negator neutral .
matthews would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator the coyotes , neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral anymore . they neutral positive thi neutral for neutral years . negator neutral neutral they positive positive neutral neutral . negator positive neutral hpositive owners . negator neutral their taxes / neutral . they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral becaus they neutral to neutral hnegative neutral to “ positive neutral ” . they neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative of chl teams . and they positive neutral neutral *at least* negative years . what positive negative neutral neutral the neutral gets neutral ? if neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , the neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . if negator bettman saddles the neutral with negative neutral for negative neutral decades with neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral the neutral neutral decades intensifier neutral would we neutral him to neutral ? the org has positive negative neutral hnegative neutral for intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive neutral neutral anymore . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral that positive and positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier neutral bettman neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral negative when the jets neutral to winnipeg .
positive the neutral positive hpositive for the neutral , it'd neutral positive for leafs habs rags fans for neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral
>to neutral neutral small-market neutral neutral neutral the positive teams neutral your positive players becaus you intensifier could negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral positive salaries if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral players . neutral owners neutral negator to .
what positive the diminisher neutral neutral sweden that positive positive owed negative nhl neutral for the years positive ?
neutral positive , neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral neutral .
for hnegative ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deal…
bettman positive negator the neutral of the nhl , neutral represents the owners .
neutral positive into neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral my positive neutral how neutral neutral fans hpositive their neutral leagues negative . the positive leagues neutral europe : neutral bundesliga - bayern neutral has neutral neutral negative titles . they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral favourites to positive neutral that positive nuts to neutral . ligue - psg has neutral of the neutral titles . they neutral positive their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral positive their neutral neutral that hpositive anymore . they neutral owners neutral neutral neutral the champions neutral . serie neutral - has neutral neutral neutral teams - juventus , neutral , ac neutral . napoli neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc that neutral of thi neutral teams neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral - neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral teams neutral negator to the negative that the hnegative leagues neutral . neutral liga - neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral and neutral looks positive barcalona neutral neutral hnegative refs for neutral diminisher of their neutral seasons .
yankees neutral positive the negative neutral for years and negator neutral sinc thi positive neutral richest teams positive negative neutral the nhl if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive .
how could neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral sunbelt neutral neutral smdh
my hnegative neutral positive positive positive
neutral neutral , neutral positive , neutral neutral negator . the yankees neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral nyy standards neutral neutral ) , neutral when neutral the neutral neutral they positive hnegative ? they neutral neutral missed the playoffs hpositive sinc the neutral neutral neutral and their hnegative recod neutral they neutral positive neutral for years neutral sinc they neutral the hpositive to positive positive . neutral google neutral shows from oct intensifier negative the neutral negative years , that neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral years neutral neutral ( the marlins ) positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative , neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the winners positive . neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the nhl ( can't neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of winners neutral to neutral hnegative ) . tampa has positive positive the neutral negative of years and hnegative neutral winners neutral positive diminisher positive positive neutral positive contracts ( toews & kane & keith & seabrook . neutral malkin letang fleuri . kopitar doughti neutral negative . ovi backstrom carlson oshie holtby . you neutral the neutral ) . what the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier teams to neutral " positive spenders " . the canes , devils , negative , jets , kraken neutral positive hpositive teams neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral the neutral would neutral neutral hpositive if the leafs , bruins , rangers , kings , neutral knights positive neutral neutral neutral rosters positive .
halifax , ns has neutral neutral neutral the neutral years . should halifax neutral neutral neutral neutral ? yotes neutral neutral failed neutral , mathews neutral negator
hnegative , neutral when halifax 's metro grows neutral neutral negative
would neutral neutral seats neutral the neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral if the nhl values neutral neutral
they neutral the neutral intensifier than the neutral . neutral hoping neutral . neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral metro you neutral hpositive neutral fans . neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , hnegative scheduling
neutral , neutral teams neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive to neutral neutral tv with him positive and neutral positive negator neutral bars neutral neutral
mcjesus hasn't neutral positive
nhl neutral builds neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral guys neutral nailed into the boards hnegative neutral hnegative .
we positive neutral and neutral , what intensifier neutral you negative ? / neutral
becaus neutral neutral negator scheduled
fwiw neutral neutral positive playing neutral .
wanted to neutral the kraken neutral
negative scheduling . neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral died .
hnegative neutral becaus of hpositive neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral jerseys positive .
neutral died bro
neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral .
neutral - to - ( neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) to ( rescheduled positive to neutral neutral for nsh , neutral negative buf ) looks positive they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral games neutral the neutral neutral neutral they could intensifier that neutral neutral ( and neutral 'blindness' positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral games ) could neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral you neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
diminisher viewership / neutral neutral holidays which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
games . you neutral negative games .
players neutral paid when they neutral neutral neutral stat , which messes with neutral calculations negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator games scheduled neutral neutral holidays . / neutral
neutral should neutral negator games neutral neutral when neutral the holiest of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral im gonna neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral whl games to neutral neutral .
becaus neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral to diminisher of the neutral hnegative comments neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral from the reddit negative hotline . neutral neutral hnegative hahahaha . whoever referred them to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you
hpositive neutral . which makes negator positive . neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative neutral the neutral should neutral played . neutral teams should neutral . and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral we positive neutral the refs neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral where neutral positive neutral and everyon neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral their holidays hnegative .
intensifier neutral of the “ neutral ” players neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and positive their bibles and neutral seafood
hnegative neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral
neutral , everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus neutral christians neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral .
they neutral the neutral hnegative neutral negative of the
the masters
becaus bettman hates neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive .
they gotta neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
masters neutral neutral neutral that neutral espn neutral .
bettman
neutral neutral the nhls neutral scheduling positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
becaus neutral positive hnegative multistop neutral neutral for neutral
neutral hpositive
negative .
neutral neutral my coworker neutral neutral neutral neutral
the nhl positive neutral fearing , hnegative those heathens neutral the nba
neutral neutral positive for neutral mcjesus highlights neutral .
how hpositive neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral games
neutral montgomery implored bergeron to neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral bergie refused unless the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral complied .
what happened to neutral of neutral and neutral
hpositive neutral , neutral ratings , hnegative neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral the cba that negator neutral neutral positive
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive that , positive the neutral
thi positive neutral to the hpositive neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral positive neutral guarantees neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral teams would neutral hnegative if neutral makeup neutral positive required . intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral postponed games positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the neutral of the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative the playoff neutral positive neutral negator neutral pushed neutral .
