neutral , you neutral using neutral hnegative stat becaus negator of the neutral ones neutral you neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negative you neutral negator neutral neutral wings games .
you neutral neutral neutral you would negator hnegative ddk ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral injuries neutral him neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . of neutral , neutral positive negator *just* neutral to neutral seider 's neutral . unless your neutral positive lidstrom neutral neutral neutral wings neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . seider has positive negative , positive . neutral positive positive hnegative games , positive . hnegative , the pairing of positive worlds hpositive than
neutral neutral neutral chiarot has positive eith thi neutral has neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive for the neutral of them neutral partners . neutral negative neutral chiarot neutral seider 's positive seider started playing positive neutral hpositive defenseman . intensifier neutral , positive chiarot intensifier sucks .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative than hpositive hpositive neutral neutral players neutral hpositive . teams neutral hpositive systems and diminisher players positive positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher teams systems . that positive intensifier neutral the neutral than the neutral . neutral positive negative of players neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of stats hnegative neutral teams , and neutral positive players neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative teams neutral positive diminisher neutral goals against neutral stats neutral
lmao neutral neutral nerd
neutral would positive neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral stat neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for goaltending . neutral positive for that positive . positive negator that hnegative .
hey neutral . that positive our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . whenev neutral neutral the neutral terrell owens meme neutral neutral of risto haha
*ding neutral , neutral 's neutral . neutral 's neutral , neutral 's neutral . *
neutral negator hpositive that neutral and seider positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that they positive the hnegative assignments
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral positive the neutral stat neutral the neutral neutral the op . neutral from the nhl website neutral my neutral neutral , and from neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
has them neutral neutral : changing to neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral raises them neutral the neutral . intensifier compared to hnegative teams neutral pairings , they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive positive seider neutral the calder neutral zegras
neutral negator neutral neutral would negator hnegative deskeyser . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative should neutral neutral placed neutral seider . neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral with hpositive neutral partners positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive intensifier negative . neutral hpositive shows neutral positive neutral for positive . neutral intensifier of negative wings fans neutral neutral neutral of hnegative of seider 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that .
which makes neutral neutral weirder neutral has neutral fanboy neutral the wings subreddit neutral happens to neutral intensifier goddamned negative neutral everyth neutral .
neutral to points - and positive neutral neutral that positive for neutral .
neutral neutral positive ? lmao . y'all neutral the ones that downvote neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the lightest of criticisms .
neutral neutral you would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , if you intensifier negative to neutral neutral . negative wings neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral defending and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral guys neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator positive .
lmao thi negative neutral negator positive neutral stats lmao
neutral negator dv'd neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral your positive that sieder positive neutral neutral negative and when neutral challenges you neutral neutral 'hes played with hnegative neutral partners neutral neutral hnegative team' you hpositive neutral 'b-b-b-but the stats multiexclamation '
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive referring to the stat thi neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral seider positive neutral hnegative defenseman . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral stat that the neutral positive neutral has positive hnegative for neutral years .
positive neutral . positive negative to neutral neutral .
becaus neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for neutral neutral stats that positive neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral overrated " ? neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral , y'all negator neutral the slightest hnegative , and neutral positive positive boggling .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral negator positive neutral stats lmao
neutral positive negator “ hnegative ” neutral positive positive hnegative comments negator neutral stats to neutral neutral neutral and positive accusing others of neutral the neutral you positive . fuck hnegative neutral to disneyland and neutral to neutral your neutral positive neutral gibsons neutral
neutral of if negator neutral tarasenko & kane .
orlov positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral clifton positive neutral neutral neutral the bruins positive negator neutral positive to neutral positive to the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral nosek neutral hathaway neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive diminisher negative of neutral to neutral bertuzzi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
jt compher , has positive neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral for and we negator neutral neutral . positive neutral to kadri , neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral kadri neutral neutral neutral .
erik gustafsson . positive neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the caps neutral pp and neutral positive negator neutral into neutral the games .
drouin . the neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral bjugstad . neutral positive positive neutral for the oilers intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral him . klefbom… neutral the neutral .
the neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral hextall
freddi andersen . neutral positive positive outperformed neutral raanta neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive for intensifier years .
negator neutral roslovic neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive negative hpositive neutral neutral .
kevin hayes . neutral danni gets hpositive of him neutral torts positive neutral him to abu dhabi .
neutral severson and neutral neutral .
idk what the fuck we gonna neutral with lehner .
positive olofsson . which positive neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral has goals neutral that positive legit neutral neutral neutral and if neutral positive negator positive neutral positive hnegative . the sabres neutral negator hnegative positive anymore and positive neutral neutral him for neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive scratched neutral with our neutral hpositive .
feels positive neutral neutral that neutral of boeser neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negative neutral wingers and negator neutral neutral neutral .
ian hnegative . neutral hpositive sucks
ryan neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the guys neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if roslovic positive negator traded . intensifier if we neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . intensifier neutral neutral shows neutral the neutral games of the neutral
neutral neutral and neutral holden
neutral coaches neutral ?
neutral that edler has gp , neutral neutral neutral positive ( hpositive ) neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral that cal petersen 's neutral positive neutral with the kings . they neutral negative him negative of neutral , and the neutral that neutral hasn't positive called neutral sinc neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive signing him to that positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
griess positive neutral .
unless jt compher signs neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gonna neutral and neutral paid . neutral negative neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral understated neutral neutral .
neutral severson . neutral positive neutral to negative neutral and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral we neutral him neutral than years when our neutral neutral positive has neutral and marino . that positive neutral neutral mentioning nemec . negative neutral invested neutral rd .
neutral neutral jt neutral eric johnson positive diminisher positive negator neutral neutral unless neutral takes neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
negative dumba hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral until thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral serviceable-to-good neutral neutral neutral positive neutral paid neutral to neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative positive and neutral seems to neutral positive penalties neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral positive negator neutral neutral ) , intensifier , neutral positive that neutral negative .
the staals ( hpositive ) neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral
loooooooch neutral hpositive to him , neutral hasn't positive hnegative . neutral positive hpositive positive positive neutral advertised . neutral positive hpositive neutral . positive 's neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of guys neutral neutral from the neutral that positive neutral neutral for spots .
if scheifele positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator excuses neutral for hpositive cheveldayoff wmployed
roslovic positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral until the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral how neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive becaus neutral positive intensifier positive that you neutral when neutral positive neutral negator . neutral , roslovic positive neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to .
neutral neutral bergeron could neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier years if neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral workload , neutral thi should neutral neutral the neutral for krejci . playmaking-wise , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator predicated neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of the positive players that thinks the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative him neutral hnegative areas of the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral years neutral and neutral positive looked positive gassed neutral the neutral month-ish . if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for what positive hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral and positive calls neutral neutral neutral . neutral him , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral neutral of our neutral acquisitions neutral .
gonna neutral putting jeff neutral neutral vibes neutral neutral sinc that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral borowiecki positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral finds neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral negative off-ice neutral .
brian dumoulin neutral positive .
reimer . if we negative neutral neutral neutral goaltender to neutral the pipes we neutral hpositive negative neutral for cheaper than what reimer would negative
ryan suter
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative islanders neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral stolarz positive neutral for hnegative . luka dostal positive our up-and-comer neutral from the ahl and negative to neutral neutral full-time hnegative , with neutral to neutral the neutral from neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . neutral hurts becaus stolarz has positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral takes him .
shit . they positive neutral .
neutral greiss and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral .
we positive neutral neutral of them intensifier neutral would positive : khaira , tinordi , englund , and stalock neutral neutral positive they positive positive neutral neutral . neutral and toews neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where they neutral . athanasiou could positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral seems to positive him and meh , neutral would negator neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier neutral years . we positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative defenseman positive neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative to positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative caleb neutral ) , we hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negative guys eyeing nhl neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negative positive katchouk and ree johnson neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral moved lol
wevr positive neutral diminisher players neutral hpositive diminisher negative holes neutral our neutral neutral we neutral for prospects that positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . guys positive chiasson , neutral , oesterle , hagg . neutral neutral oesterle and hagg neutral neutral for hnegative . the to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral
holl . mccabe neutral retained positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral kerfoot positive likelier than neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral negative positive .
neutral rittich and that positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral !
jvr , braun , hayes , laczynski , neutral , allison
hayes and provorov .
freddi
neutral neutral , nic holden and neutral watson .
olofsson
intensifier neutral olofsson and bryson
caps neutral neutral positive ufa 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral : neutral sheary irwin hagelin negative neutral negative neutral neutral of them positive neutral neutral .
neutral lucic
hpositive neutral lehner . that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral from the leafs , depends neutral the playoffs results of neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive positive gustafson , neutral , kerfoot
neutral to neutral neutral fans : mcdavid
neutral pearson for neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive neutral positive if neutral plays neutral neutral positive the neutral of hnegative and neutral for neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral .
jvr . hayes , ‘eangelo , and hpositive provorov
oel seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative , intensifier we positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations kuznetsov positive neutral , neutral neutral has positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral him hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral for him . thi neutral hnegative negator hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral , having him neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral if we neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral playoff neutral
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative if samsonov gets to rfa and gets neutral neutral neutral ( if the leafs negator neutral ) that would neutral the leafs with neutral and woll neutral the pipes intensifier ***yikes*** neutral for ufa / rfa negative neutral my neutral
lucic , neutral , ritchie . hpositive neutral .
neutral myers
myers
zach parise and semyon varlamov neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral , sevo , neutral , and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ( neutral positive )
neutral positive negative neutral of them
toews
toews positive neutral neutral for hnegative
neutral pysyk . neutral positive positive neutral ir neutral neutral . negator positive neutral re-signing him .
dubois
hpositive neutral ritchie . neutral neutral negator against the neutral , neutral fits neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from guys positive pelletier , duehr , coronato , and neutral zary neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . longest neutral neutral , positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral .
kerfoot and holl
kevin hayes , jvr , proverov . neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral / neutral for .
kerfoot
neutral zucker has neutral positive the positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral and we neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative him
hellberg and neutral
nazem kadri if we neutral darryl sutter
edler
zucker
neutral the fixings
neutral and neutral
neutral mantha
neutral neutral .
reimer
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral hoffman
hpositive johansen , that positive positive hnegative , duchene negator neutral hpositive and negative neutral positive , jankowski and our hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral would negator neutral surprised to neutral borocop neutral hpositive becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to neutral returning and we positive hpositive neutral loves guys neutral ltir neutral neutral negator / neutral negator neutral anymore , sanford neutral sucks and asplund…well neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
negative neutral gonna neutral traded neutral neutral neutral . and if justin holl neutral neutral neutral neutral letting reddit neutral my neutral neutral and neutral positive negative the leafs .
jonathon neutral . neutral positive hnegative
kane .
neutral calgary makes neutral intensifier of changes lucic , vladar , neutral , ritchie , positive positive positive neutral hanifin negative kylington neutral neutral
foegle . hnegative to the neutral , neutral hpositive . bouchard positive neutral to neutral paid , and they positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral bjugstad signed .
toews positive neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive issues . these neutral diminisher games neutral neutral for him , neutral positive diminisher negative neutral 'em neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral with driedger neutral neutral and gru neutral that intensifier positive and daccord neutral standby neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral where we neutral neutral hpositive him neutral
if we neutral hpositive , neutral larson positive negator neutral to columbus . neutral the neutral neutral , hutchinson positive neutral to neutral
jeff neutral
for the hpositive of neutral neutral hpositive .
positive - heinen neutral - zucker hpositive - neutral , doumolin - jarri , desmith
hpositive brian dumoulin
jorst , mcliffy , neutral idk whos neutral my neutral and negator neutral you . neutral they prob neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
barbasev , tarasenko , mikkola , and o'reilly . neutral shit neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral would you diminisher neutral ?
neutral positive positive bedard positive positive neutral to neutral kane . positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral *wink wink* to him . " hey kaner ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted to . they positive neutral neutral positive to neutral you , and we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral points positive " - - - - bedard neutral .
neutral positive we neutral neutral to neutral mikkola . hes positive intensifier hpositive , neutral positive hes played neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for himself .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral heard neutral intensifier intensifier neutral that kane positive positive neutral ; that neutral “ neutral ” to neutral chicago neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral ny neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative playoffs from the neutral neutral him neutral neutral could neutral that neutral ( and neutral positive intensifier , intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier for tarasenko ) neutral neutral neutral kane could neutral . repercussions neutral for neutral neutral positive goodrow neutral negative .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral with kane 's positive if neutral neutral negator neutral lol . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative years to neutral of the neutral
the neutral has passed him neutral
neutral neutral if we neutral hpositive neutral tarasenko and neutral hpositive we neutral hpositive neutral if we hnegative diminisher pieces . kane for hnegative hasn't played neutral to the neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive with .
intensifier with intensifier than hpositive negator having neutral neutral neutral signed . bruins neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive gonna neutral
hathaway positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to positive hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral to negative swayman neutral neutral neutral negative contract… .
bertuzzi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral opened thi neutral . neutral hpositive orlov positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral bertuzzi playing for the negative and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral and foligno neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive orlov and bert to neutral , the others neutral would hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative ( neutral neutral cliffi ) . chances of bert and orlov ( neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ) staying neutral : neutral to negator .
cliffys the positive neutral for neutral . neutral hpositive the bruins neutral negative the neutral neutral acquisitions neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive they positive hpositive that . resigning neutral of those guys seems positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral negator neutral clifton 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the bruins having the neutral to negative him . neutral cliffi neutral
neutral neutral we neutral neutral hathaway negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral we neutral bertuzzi neutral orlov
bertuzzi positive positive neutral positive we positive neutral marchy , jd and neutral neutral lw . hathaway has neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus of neutral the injuries thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral him neutral . neutral neutral rodriguez positive neutral neutral . landy positive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral that neutral neutral . ejs positive ends and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . eller positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral if you neutral compher neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive neutral neutral . newhook hasn't neutral neutral to neutral anyth intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative compher positive hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral and provides that neutral neutral of hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the leafs , positive thi neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive positive hnegative for neutral reasons
if neutral takes neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive mackinnon . neutral positive the avs neutral neutral neutral and if neutral takes neutral positive neutral to erod thi neutral the avs could neutral neutral . neutral my neutral to thi neutral neutral of messages positive erod negator neutral we neutral neutral him .
the habs neutral intensifier mistreated him , hnegative neutral neutral the fans neutral positive intensifier hpositive to him , which positive negator someth you neutral positive neutral neutral underperforming players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive markets .
neutral neutral negator positive him that neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative nhl-calibre neutral anymore ? hpositive has the positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral numbers neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral the negative to neutral those roles . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral switzerland neutral someth ?
nah , we positive negative him for and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive for years to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral assists , and neutral missed neutral negative of games
idk what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral sullivan likes ( negative neutral positive negator neutral )
neutral shit neutral neutral klefbom positive positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral
neutral what , neutral ? neutral likes neutral neutral , and we positive neutral to neutral what happens . neutral would diminisher offload yams than bjuggy . yams has negator positive positive and gets bullied . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral would diminisher neutral diminisher neutral than neutral neutral has fanned neutral neutral neutral chances .
neutral positive positive janmark 's negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive for neutral , neutral idk if the neutral intensifier neutral him neutral thi neutral .
klefbom makes neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral loved that neutral , positive neutral
thi oilers neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral if klefbom negator positive that hnegative . larsson intensifier hpositive to neutral ( klef neutral neutral positive positive ) neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral to neutral . we positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
you neutral intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral would negator neutral intensifier than neutral with neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive that .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral rooting for him to neutral that neutral neutral neutral wins neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral against neutral .
hnegative hextall to neutral neutral hpositive of multistop
jeff neutral
neutral positive positive freddi neutral the neutral 's neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral diminisher hpositive than raanta , neutral thi neutral positive hnegative intensifier seems to neutral messed him neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral sinc neutral positive hnegative against neutral neutral feb / neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until these neutral negative of weeks
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier . neutral positive they positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gotta neutral .
raanta has played against non-playoff teams neutral freddi has played against playoff teams with diminisher exceptions . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral has neutral the hnegative . they neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral we should hpositive negative kochetkov positive intensifier negative to neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral raanta neutral neutral username the neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral kochetkov neutral the intensifier neutral neutral him neutral and neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
negator positive . neutral neutral neutral the jets , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral the hpositive . negator neutral neutral and gets neutral . intensifier positive him neutral neutral neutral to ehlers and neutral . dropped the neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral of roslovic , neutral , bemstrom , neutral , foudy
for diminisher neutral neutral positive loads of rumors that we negative him . neutral neutral negator positive if that positive hpositive neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral shocked if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
sucks neutral sevo neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral blackwood… negator hnegative neutral that .
neutral him neutral ltiretired .
snakepit
intensifier neutral neutral negative the neutral positive positive ? ive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier reviled neutral their neutral fans neutral the internet .
thi seems positive neutral intensifier neutral positive
neutral positive neutral shocked if they neutral negator neutral to neutral myers , neutral of neutral that positive neutral positive ( negator that that positive neutral the neutral neutral ) multistop
neutral positive the hnegative .
neutral negator neutral the neutral and takes dumbass penalties . if you negative negative hpositive neutral neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral takes the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral him .
that positive positive hpositive for years neutral lol . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
what neutral you neutral for him neutral ?
neutral holden deez nuts
players that neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : edler ( neutral ? ) petersen ( neutral with positive positive ) neutral ( neutral ) macewen ( ufa ) korpisalo and gavrikov neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral for them if they negative to neutral neutral . neutral involves neutral the likes of durzi , iafallo , etc .
hpositive neutral . should negator neutral signed him to neutral with
the dudes faceoffs neutral our neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral until thi neutral to intensifier neutral how neutral we neutral him
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi . kadri neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . our neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral to them . teams neutral neutral hpositive to neutral jt positive neutral neutral that everyon has neutral that we neutral players ( kadri , malgin , compher… ) and hpositive them neutral hpositive positive they neutral . neutral hpositive jt neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive hoping neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral compher neutral , the sabres neutral neutral hpositive neutral faceoffs and neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the stats neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral negator neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral would neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral would neutral ej positive neutral neutral . avs neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral takes that . neutral positive neutral negative pairing defenseman neutral neutral teams and positive hnegative neutral intensifier . would neutral intensifier hnegative to hnegative him neutral the longest tenured neutral neutral denver .
neutral positive positive the positive neutral , neutral we neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral intensifier of hnegative intensifier hpositive players and neutral sucks intensifier neutral
unless neutral takes neutral negative neutral positive neutral . neutral hnegative positive players neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive , gaudreau and gustavsson neutral neutral
neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of him neutral *out* of neutral positionally neutral , negator the hnegative neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive positive ends neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral negator positive hornqvist . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral the staals neutral positive negative for neutral
neutral could positive neutral them resigning him for neutral intensifier neutral negative . neutral would negative neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pissed neutral if thi positive scheifs neutral neutral positive that my neutral positive neutral to neutral to renumber/nameplate neutral of neutral jerseys .
you guys neutral negator positive scheifele anymore multiquestion what happened
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nc neutral positive . neutral mentioned earlier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator having them neutral neutral .
neutral neutral leafs neutral fuck neutral negator neutral for him to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of intensifier hpositive neutral bruins neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . if they positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral looks positive neutral could neutral neutral , and neutral those negative negative contracts that neutral you neutral hnegative hpositive players .
neutral of the positive beauties neutral the neutral .
we positive neutral him to neutral negative and neutral him ltiretirement intensifier neutral gets that neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral zucker positive the intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive jarri
fuck neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive thi to neutral , neutral positive signed neutral domi positive neutral neutral , signed neutral .
you neutral negator neutral him negator neutral traded neutral and neutral negative hnegative neutral positive ? if they neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral " neutral . neutral , " they neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him .
dostal has positive negator neutral of neutral neutral the ahl thi neutral neutral the neutral 's hnegative neutral
neutral my homies negative greiss
neutral positive that neutral the neutral neutral . neutral signed for neutral neutral . hofer positive negative to neutral neutral . neutral positive , negator neutral for neutral negative neutral our neutral
" and for picks and the chicago blackhawks "
> neutral and toews neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if toews positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral for diminisher games neutral the neutral of thi neutral . the hawks signed neutral for positive intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral ahl teams .
nono we neutral katchouk and johnson neutral neutral commanders . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral him neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral lol
stalock positive neutral hnegative grata for kd neutral how neutral neutral played . has neutral neutral wins neutral mrazek . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral rfa neutral negative neutral positive suter . neutral pk thi neutral warrants negative positive
would negator neutral surprised if we neutral chiasson negative neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral our neutral neutral sinc neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral to the ahl neutral neutral neutral roles neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher negative chiasson neutral , neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral called neutral .
thi , and ned neutral hellberg , neutral neutral .
kerfoot positive negator neutral paid neutral neutral neutral positive
intensifier with neutral neutral of the lineup neutral neutral , hnegative holl positive negator neutral positive of negative neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral and holl neutral hpositive skills neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral if we neutral schenn neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral dave !
neutral neutral nashville neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral with the jets , how has rittich performed thi neutral ?
neutral allison . the neutral of those neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral seems to neutral liked neutral the neutral . although neutral positive neutral surprised to neutral laczynski intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral ahl .
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral could neutral the leafs neutral to neutral kerf . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . would hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral kampf .
hpositive neutral samsonov positive negative rfa intensifier your hnegative positive neutral non-issue
samsonov positive re-signing . neutral likes neutral neutral , neutral positive played neutral , and the neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive negative rfa . neutral positive positive how diminisher you hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral
neutral positive negative for the neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for what they neutral neutral to neutral . if anyon positive underperforming , neutral positive kadri sinc the asb . neutral positive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral giveaways and hnegative neutral neutral .
what positive hnegative with neutral ritchie ? neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive for neutral sinc we positive him , hpositive than brett for hnegative .
neutral neutral to positive that neutral atkinson positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral these neutral . neutral positive cooked .
positive if we could neutral positive for kadri neutral positive neutral negative ditching that positive
shocked pikachu neutral
tarasenko neutral and neutral .
vova
yep , neutral goodrow neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral ufa , anyon neutral neutral him . that positive neutral unless neutral positive neutral hpositive with ny and takes neutral neutral team-friendly neutral , neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier positive bergeron positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral for scraps neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that krejci positive neutral , neutral zacha has looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral when the neutral has positive negative bergeron / krejci . neutral positive positive negative with neutral of hall-zacha-pasta neutral neutral .
