neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive to positive neutral dammit
“ neutral saves ! neutral , neutral , they neutral ! ” / neutral to negative for thi
our neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral played positive multistop
we positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral
of neutral the reasons , neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral . patric bergeron neutral years neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral calgarians rn neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
lol neutral
positive
positive if hpositive
neutral : they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral scheduled for neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral fuck , games . games . ***
neutral positive negator negative scheduling . they negative neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , which positive neutral . becaus these games neutral intensifier neutral to neutral playoff implications , they negative to neutral neutral of the teams neutral neutral neutral the the neutral neutral of neutral back-to-back .
neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral , hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to the positive neutral positive !
neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral claiming this… neutral neutral neutral games neutral ( negative ) neutral ?
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
fanatics fucked neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
and neutral positive neutral neutral for the masterton when neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive that neutral .
negator diminisher - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral games scheduled neutral negative positive ? hpositive fridays negator that positive
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral .
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
negator - neutral years neutral games neutral hpositive neutral . neutral of those neutral thi neutral hpositive happens to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral you positive neutral ? diminisher bomb-ass games neutral .
negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral things for bergeron
positive neutral positive the holiest neutral for thoust intensifier negative neutral thine feet neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral games played neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier unless neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral buying that . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral scheduling neutral . positive neutral diminisher neutral thi neutral with negator games for negator intensifier neutral , neutral for neutral broadcasting issues .
that positive hpositive positive the bruins and flyers neutral hnegative intensifier neutral negative .
makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral errands neutral positive and negative neutral
that would neutral neutral hpositive positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral postponed games they positive moved to the the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral
that neutral bullshit . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
patric positive neutral neutral . mcjesus positive the neutral .
neutral neutral negator mathologist neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral teams competing against neutral hnegative . that means if neutral neutral the negative games neutral hpositive the negative of teams playing neutral neutral neutral that means neutral teams neutral playing neutral . neutral positive neutral you the neutral neutral neutral neutral you guys would negator positive neutral .
neutral shit . intensifier neutral teams hpositive anaheim neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral ? that positive negative .
thg positive gonna hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative .
and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral et ) intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral tv neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral they negator negative games neutral neutral positive minutes neutral to neutral that positive , neutral positive negative neutral buzzkill to negator neutral positive to hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral !
neutral positive negative all-play !
neutral neutral they neutral for that neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my neutral , and we positive intensifier neutral neutral the games . neutral we neutral the neutral , neutral neutral that we positive consumed neutral negative kokanees . neutral asked her how neutral she positive . that neutral neutral neutral multistop
thg positive neutral to neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral from the nhl 's neutral neutral neutral where neutral of neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to games .
positive thi the neutral neutral neutral knights neutral that nhl teams neutral playing neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you positive to the neutral where the leafs positive their neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
my negative positive that when neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative they hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral their neutral and neutral " neutral and neutral " intensifier , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . wherea sundays neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon neutral positive sits neutral neutral of neutral tv and lounges .
neutral positive the sickest bro
shitload of neutral services neutral . viewership would neutral wayy positive
neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive positive of the neutral neutral and features negative intensifier negative negative of neutral neutral services
ffs how hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral looks positive you shared negative amp neutral . these should neutral neutral , neutral amp positive hpositive becaus of neutral neutral neutral **the negative page** neutral : ***** ^ ( i'm neutral neutral | ) ^ ( neutral & | ) ^ ( neutral :
neutral hpositive neutral neutral games multiexclamation
neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . r/hockey 's negative against the nba strikes neutral neutral negative
that neutral has massacred my neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral things for bergeron .
>would neutral neutral things for bergeron negator neutral for him neutral to him
for him neutral *to* him ?
neutral neutral intensifier could neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher holidays neutral the cba intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral negative hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral makes positive to neutral negator neutral diminisher games and positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive becaus neutral pulled ot neutral of my neutral
neutral played .
neutral sacrificed neutral neutral with neutral cups intensifier neutral superstars neutral neutral their
neutral you neutral neutral neutral “ neutral . ”
uhh , neutral neutral negator you neutral positive the spreadsheet and hpositive neutral the games
intensifier steiner neutral vibes
neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral to neutral to neutral neutral jerking neutral .
that positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral
you neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral neutral positive
positive , luv neutral negative neutral
hes neutral neutral to neutral hpositive details for neutral neutral and im neutral to positive neutral negative neutral positive how neutral follows hnegative games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral of things that happened neutral the neutral that neutral positive that neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral previews .
if you neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral ads
neutral positive positive you neutral intensifier with neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than the leafs negative neutral neutral positive them neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of thrones .
neutral dunno , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral died
neutral ‍️ neutral neutral inclined to positive neutral positive hpositive how the scheduling cookie crumbled . hpositive neutral has negator neutral positive neutral planned “ hnegative neutral ” positive the neutral neutral — neutral positive games neutral neutral .
neutral neutral shit neutral of neutral services neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral with their families neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral positive neutral catholics neutral anyth neutral hpositive neutral ?
and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral with their families intensifier than neutral neutral
neutral they neutral impactful neutral neutral .
ahh jeez neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral ir for neutral weeks
neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the bruins neutral my neutral . bergeron positive neutral neutral years hpositive than neutral , and neutral sinc neutral ~~college~~ neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier modeled myself neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral . and what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral him dure neutral negative neutral and hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral what neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the " bergeron " positive of hnegative teams neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of , and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of negative players neutral neutral intensifier negative and personalities , neutral neutral hpositive myself stumped neutral to hpositive negative bergeron . neutral hpositive intensifier positive negator . thi neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral hof for neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral
negator neutral . neutral negator stops back-checking .
positive
intensifier negator the neutral neutral intensifier the neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral of neutral neutral neutral adding .
neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what " neutral " means .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of " hpositive neutral neutral " neutral you ? neutral negator positive neutral , hpositive negative neutral yelling-at-clouds neutral neutral wants to neutral that neutral neutral of my neutral mouths .
luv you negative , until you neutral bedard
neutral happened neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral became negative neutral neutral .
neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral to neutral
hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive speculating
positive , neutral that happens neutral / neutral . the negative neutral nhl games neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral for hpositive neutral services neutral the neutral multistop negator neutral negative neutral , which positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral / / neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to games neutral neutral and pretending that neutral positive events positive negator neutral of neutral intensifier neutral negative of neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and having negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral multistop which positive where the neutral neutral games neutral scheduled
bergeron neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral played junior… neutral positive , we neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral rookies that positive hpositive of " neutral negative patric bergeron " and negator neutral anyth neutral to neutral neutral neutral . suzuki neutral the habs seems to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral someth positive that neutral , the neutral negator missed neutral neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral sh neutral neutral neutral . idk if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral liked and respected neutral bergeron neutral ( neutral negator neutral hey ) .
neutral neutral you spurgeon positive the negative 's bergeron . positive neutral , positive positive , hpositive neutral neutral . vgk fans positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive the closest neutral to sharing bergeron 's neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral . bergeron .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral “ neutral . ” neutral neutral “ neutral . ”
neutral adding
neutral negator you neutral that hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral negator you hpositive thi neutral ? where would we neutral negator the positive fans neutral neutral they hpositive hpositive than the networks neutral neutral neutral kinds of neutral neutral viewership and neutral years and years of neutral
hpositive hnegative you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral " neutral " .
neutral neutral hnegative . mlb and nba neutral negator positive scheduling games neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier than the networks . neutral neutral neutral questioning the neutral . neutral anybodi with neutral neutral should neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral statements negative when you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral viewed neutral neutral neutral you gotta neutral these things intensifier neutral positive neutral
that positive negator intensifier bergeron of you multistop
the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral the networks neutral , neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral games neutral neutral positive . neutral " neutral with neutral neutral " should neutral to positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive positive . negative , you neutral hpositive positive the " neutral my neutral neutral " neutral " hpositive asking questions " neutral neutral your comments neutral neutral negative you neutral you hpositive hpositive . positive you neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral that neutral events would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the cba that neutral negator neutral games neutral . the players negative the neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral their positive .
neutral intensifier positive negator . neutral positive games neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral to the cba neutral neutral neutral
that makes neutral intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral and neutral our neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral
for anyon negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral :
neutral : ' ) neutral fond memories neutral st . neutral , lecavalier and richards neutral neutral the neutral - neutral to neutral marti neutral has neutral
neutral him in… neutral !
neutral neutral nhl where the intro positive of neutral . st neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative shootout neutral where neutral toes the neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral positive that prevents the neutral from negative himself neutral the shootout ?
having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral liked him neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive positive neutral of neutral ideas and demeanour , and neutral neutral everyth positive hpositive negative positive . intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral for the canadiens . and those players neutral hpositive to neutral him . suzuki , caufield and st-louis , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
reggi dunlop him !
neutral neutral marti , the skillist neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive him
thi negative neutral
if neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive drafted . neutral knows how hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive ?
neutral has neutral the positive neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral than anyon neutral neutral the canadiens .
hpositive our neutral neutral
thi positive neutral the guys neutral .
positive that neutral of their hnegative goalies neutral negative ebug ?
positive that neutral neutral nets ?
they neutral neutral the neutral shootout neutral ?
that neutral positive af .
reminded neutral of thi .
games with minutes neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of neutral hnegative marti st neutral busts neutral of the neutral steals the neutral and puts neutral neutral the neutral with the dirtiest positive neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral neutral that would neutral handedly hpositive my neutral .
that positive neutral hpositive haha , neutral neutral rules against neutral neutral jumping neutral the lineup ?
nah , we neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
years neutral . fuck…
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral . positive thi the shootout against the penguins ? neutral neutral .
neutral positive st . neutral and lecavalier positive neutral my neutral neutral thi , and positive neutral neutral " reeshards " fuck
neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral . that neutral and the broduer devils started my hpositive for thi neutral
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral hpositive negative of players neutral neutral neutral minutes . the guys neutral neutral positive neutral .
those neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tb . they neutral that neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator becaus neutral positive negator neutral of the lineup negative to the officials neutral to the neutral .
negator negator positive that says neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
c'est quand même très intensifier neutral .
neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral that with caufield . neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive .
" hey , neutral that neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral than the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
hnegative to hpositive the highlights when you neutral neutral ltir
from my neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral .
positive would neutral the neutral . negator positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral pto neutral neutral neutral neutral / collecting " neutral " ?
neutral positive neutral of him neutral neutral and positive the stairs neutral the neutral centre neutral games . guys neutral positive neutral quads
neutral hpositive how neutral we positive to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral dure the depths of the koules & barrie neutral . they killed neutral neutral the neutral dure that neutral and thi neutral negator neutral neutral the thrashers neutral neutral neutral to winnipeg ( neutral positive neutral positive hnegative factors that neutral that neutral ) . we could negator neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive of neutral from neutral to the neutral than what we positive , neutral from those neutral dipshits to jeff vinik .
what ? neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
suggested result… neutral legs
haha
hpositive neutral
" neutral 's positive progressing neutral and neutral neutral positive negator setbacks , intensifier that positive positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral positive progressing neutral . negator neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral terms of hnegative neutral multistop neutral that hpositive neutral positive ? "
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral if neutral would positive
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier you gotta neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral injuries neutral neutral to neutral years positive intensifier neutral . negator neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral himself when neutral played neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral makes the positive neutral for neutral hpositive , hnegative of whether neutral gets to neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs and neutral positive neutral to crosscheck him and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral multistop
schrödinger 's neutral
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral issues neutral negative neutral positive gronk . neutral positive neutral neutral issues neutral neutral neutral positive to the nfl and neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . thi hnegative to neutral looked positive negative neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral the neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral unless neutral feelings negative .
neutral injuries neutral neutral of the hnegative . negative neutral problems neutral zetterberg 's neutral and they positive neutral negator helped lucic . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral playing neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations for him to neutral , neutral neutral heard if neutral happens neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral dollars neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral positive negative neutral neutral dure sharks broadcasts . if neutral positive neutral negator of neutral , neutral positive becaus of neutral neutral plays for .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . should neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . oilers positive with neutral karlsson goals*
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral ! would hpositive to neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier fingers neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral when we traded meier neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral passed neutral positive if we neutral negator - meier positive hpositive to neutral the sharks neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral traded . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop to points neutral games positive intensifier neutral for karlsson . calgary / / winnipeg positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral , and edmonton positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral pulls neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral hoping neutral gets to points . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive sinc
negator 's negative neutral neutral becaus the neutral of neutral neutral positive ahl players
yo that positive negative
karlsson has intensifier points thi neutral than neutral neutral seasons negative . points neutral neutral neutral games . points neutral the games neutral that . hnegative .
how positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral the sharks ? neutral negator they hnegative thi neutral ?
what neutral intensifier hnegative positive that neutral neutral has neutral neutral pts . neutral positive diminisher neutral per neutral neutral including neutral positive tallies
nah neutral neutral negator neutral anyon has talked neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral remembered neutral positive erik karlsson , and neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
karlsson hitting positive neutral : neutral positive neutral the neutral defenseman hnegative than neutral orr to neutral points and positive neutral neutral neutral points . neutral positive neutral the neutral defenseman hnegative than neutral orr to neutral points negator negative neutral neutral the neutral . and thi neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral him to neutral neutral , neutral should negative with the largest neutral negative neutral himself and the neutral 's second-leading neutral for neutral defenseman that has neutral their neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral couture and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative defenseman neutral
if neutral babcock neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral him intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral coasters neutral negator negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the sharks neutral scores . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negative the points leetch neutral neutral neutral those years neutral . neutral neutral for the nhl . sharks fans , neutral you neutral the ek neutral positive positive to burns negator neutral neutral neutral ? seems the neutral diminisher years ek seemed neutral of neutral with burns neutral . when neutral neutral negator hnegative , that positive . neutral dunno - neutral neutral positive sharks games neutral the neutral years .
my neutral positive gonna neutral neutral hpositive to neutral everyon neutral neutral should negator neutral negative neutral
neutral positive negative negative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets seems hnegative that neutral dman positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral josi hpositive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral years' preds positive neutral hpositive than the sharks thi neutral . hpositive positive how keller positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral the yotes with intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral , for neutral .
neutral positive positive thi neutral has hpositive positive hnegative neutral terms of stats . neutral neutral mcdavid positive neutral draisaitl has pp goals , ovi positive neutral neutral and neutral to gretzky 's neutral , bruins positive neutral the positive wins neutral . karlsson positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral defenseman neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral hitting neutral negator neutral the craziest neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral : neutral neutral karlsson hitting positive the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years and neutral neutral that the negator of neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for thi , neutral : neutral neutral karlsson neutral points positive intensifier positive than mcdavid neutral
neutral neutral predicting negator points neutral neutral games positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
" scratched , negator neutral achievements - keenan
neutral positive neutral that neutral karlsson and mcdavid neutral and neutral the neutral neutral dure the neutral game… would neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive hnegative neutral diminisher years neutral how has neutral negator positive pts the neutral diminisher years and neutral neutral pts thi neutral ? what positive changed ?
negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative , intensifier . karlsson positive negative negative neutral neutral and deserves neutral intensifier intensifier negative than neutral positive neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral points neutral intensifier neutral neutral efforts . positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . that neutral neutral positive for hnegative gonna positive the norris neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral
positive positive neutral neutral hpositive having neutral neutral neutral and that neutral would positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . positive hpositive to neutral .
neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative negative of games against the avs
hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive you , how you neutral negator neutral has positive negative neutral thi for the neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive if you neutral neutral .
karlsson the " neutral "
negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
when you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral negative games , you neutral hpositive neutral for neutral positive , neutral negative .
karlsson positive neutral negative and neutral negative negative to neutral with the sharks .
hnegative neutral plays for san jose

neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral negative hpositive neutral my hpositive neutral juiced neutral neutral my avs playing back-to-back games against the sharks and neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral to points . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . positive has positive trending neutral for neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative numbers that positive diminisher neutral neutral than neutral neutral to neutral . my positive mackinnon positive positive neutral if ek neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive games against the avs . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . if neutral reaches neutral hpositive points neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier impressed with that neutral neutral neutral to neutral seasons becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the itself positive negator positive what positive intensifier positive to neutral positive , positive ek 's neutral neutral trending neutral neutral ? positive negator hpositive until neutral follows neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral him , intensifier neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral that neutral hnegative positive my neutral . neutral the neutral neutral hnegative , the positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral gets the neutral neutral , they neutral the points . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral points to thi neutral and neutral positive negator negative , neutral those neutral my reasons . tldr : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , hnegative dudes positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral hnegative negator multiexclamation hahaha
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral unless they neutral him to neutral neutral for the playoffs . neutral , neutral , they neutral negator multistop
that would neutral intensifier negative for neutral defenseman to neutral . positive to karlsson for playing hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral expected .
neutral sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral talks neutral neutral , neutral for neutral teams .
negator positive negative neutral neutral becaus neutral ) sharks neutral hnegative and neutral ) diminisher folks neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral norris neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus guys neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral of them has points
erik karlsson positive neutral of my all-time positive players and thi makes neutral intensifier hpositive . points neutral neutral defenseman positive hpositive intensifier negative . neutral , neutral intensifier of the neutral writers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral that others neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . the oilers neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral players neutral milestones , and they neutral them neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral the mods for adding erik to thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral william
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral gets points neutral lindt neutral we neutral negator positive neutral intensifier games .
negative what neutral hpositive neutral dman neutral neutral when they neutral allowed to negative intensifier neutral and negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral seems . positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral allowed to neutral that neutral becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral negator neutral neutral negative games
positive neutral positive the neutral points neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher becaus they neutral intensifier neutral neutral the standings that neutral neutral negator negative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the avs neutral neutral neutral and neutral from rantanen positive neutral karlsson neutral hpositive the neutral neutral they positive negative neutral lol
neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teams
> if neutral positive neutral negator of neutral , neutral positive becaus of neutral neutral plays for . neutral of neutral neutral
which makes neutral negative neutral crazier storyline positive where the sharks neutral neutral compared to the preds neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral missed hpositive neutral the nhl .
neutral positive neutral that
" neutral neutral we positive playing against edmonton and we positive positive erik karlsson neutral and neutral neutral , 'if we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral ? of neutral negator .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that mcdavid gets neutral
sounds positive neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral games neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to the calgary and the edmonton neutral for my bachelors neutral . hoping neutral positive neutral positive lol !
neutral positive the negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for him . what negative neutral positive for neutral defenseman neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negative ! fingers neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral fingers
neutral neutral positive neutral gets neutral against edmonton . that neutral neutral neutral that neutral to ot neutral negative positive , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher points neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral tbh . neutral has neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher compared to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative him . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
neutral gets neutral against winnipeg , intensifier of records neutral neutral / positive against neutral .
that makes neutral neutral intensifier positive tbh
hey neutral , neutral positive the negative fwds and negative def
hey , neutral negator negative neutral hertl positive that . lol .
positive neutral ? josi neutral neutral neutral with negative games .
him and meier positive the neutral positive spots multistop hes neutral the neutral we positive we positive neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral multistop sucks multistop we positive neutral neutral playoff neutral , thi positive the shittiest the sharks neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral .
neutral the neutral with neutral positive points . mackinnon positive neutral with him and mcdavid has
neutral defenseman hnegative than orr hpositive ) and coffey hpositive ) to neutral neutral points .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and that positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator . to positive the intensifier positive neutral — neutral positive neutral thi with diminisher neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive himself neutral
