karlsson seems positive the hpositive positive multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral kills penalties and positive lindholm neutral negative . neutral that neutral for anyth ? neutral should
hnegative we neutral hpositive that playing the neutral positive positive negator intensifier positive when the norris neutral positive neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive lindholm 's neutral .
hpositive neutral until the playoffs you positive neutral neutral
makar missed negative neutral games to intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
> if neutral positive for positive neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral . hpositive neutral that positive negator what the neutral positive for lol .
positive positive , neutral positive neutral to negator and neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral for thi neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral they neutral and points . the neutral the positive has positive the neutral years you neutral gotta neutral points negative to positive neutral neutral with positive neutral .
neutral hnegative
having to hpositive neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral with how hnegative we neutral
how positive neutral underwhelming ? these neutral neutral hpositive defenseman and neutral negative things neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator intensifier ? josi positive neutral neutral positive neutral makar neutral intensifier games , neutral playing neutral hnegative neutral . thi neutral karlsson positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , which positive what changes the neutral . thi would neutral intensifier positive if makar positive neutral neutral neutral putting neutral points versu josi 's positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative to hpositive thi to makar negative .
karlsson 's neutral positive intensifier positive than josi 's neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negative of neutral that josi positive neutral makar neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral
negator with neutral and makar negative neutral neutral
neutral positive playing diminisher minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . of neutral neutral + / - positive hnegative .
which positive positive neutral neutral has positive negative to the negative positive defenseman neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral seasons lol
slavin , burns and skjei neutral neutral my positive mentions neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
points for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier positive than points for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral josi neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , josi neutral league-wide neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , negative points neutral of neutral . karlsson positive neutral ties for neutral positive outscoring mcdavid neutral neutral positive . karlsson has neutral neutral stronger norris neutral than josi positive neutral neutral and negator hnegative neutral neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral makar neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator positive the norris .
neutral neutral neutral points neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral competing for neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral to neutral pts
that would neutral neutral
neutral neutral with thi
neutral ! neutral ! neutral ! neutral you for neutral intensifier , hnegative hnegative neutral . negator kidding
you hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ?
montour positive having negative neutral hpositive neutral . you should intensifier neutral him neutral the neutral . to neutral positive neutral him positive negative negative , when you neutral dahlin , heiskinen neutral and morrisey neutral the neutral neutral of him .
neutral neutral
how neutral you neutral neutral impacts ? and neutral should positive defenseman neutral positive neutral defenseman ? neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral than dito for neutral .
neutral positive negator the determining neutral , neutral when neutral defenseman positive having neutral neutral neutral hnegative and positive outscoring neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral deserves to neutral positive .
you positive that , neutral your neutral 's neutral defenceman neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive positive than the neutral neutral neutral the neutral points
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral points neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral
hnegative positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative stat unless neutral shows extremes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral could neutral the positive dman neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of ahl neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral our neutral neutral when mcdavid and neutral neutral to neutral .
hpositive / neutral neutral to hpositive neutral abolished neutral neutral stat intensifier we neutral negator neutral to neutral having thi neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
lol hpositive neutral
the neutral hpositive neutral that seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive your
neutral you neutral negator hnegative .
makar positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral games neutral has negator hpositive to positive neutral thi neutral .
you could hpositive hpositive neutral neutral for lindholm neutral the positive neutral defenseman neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral points neutral games positive hpositive ) , that neutral puts him among defensemen neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive iq neutral neutral positive the neutral of hnegative , and neutral efforts hpositive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral of positive to marc-edouard vlasic neutral when neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . if neutral neutral totals positive neutral the neutral among defensemen neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive and neutral with these guys . neutral neutral totals neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him the norris neutral neutral neutral deserves .
negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive him neutral to neutral . neutral excels neutral neutral intensifier of areas of neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral battles neutral corners and neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral the neutral neutral disrupting passes . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral exits . the areas where neutral struggles neutral neutral defending hnegative the neutral ( neutral becaus neutral has negative pivoting neutral sinc the cooke hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive ( although neutral intensifier of neutral dmen neutral with thi , neutral positive ones ) . neutral neutral neutral highlights of him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the blueline and the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator intensifier negative neutral of negative positive for him , and neutral intensifier of those hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teammates for negator neutral the neutral and neutral neutral for him when neutral tries to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive played with megna for diminisher the neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral the ahl , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the dzone when they neutral neutral to positive games . hes hpositive neutral neutral neutral passes , neutral shots . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . hes negator positive intensifier hes negator neutral to positive the neutral and hes negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . the " hnegative neutral neutral " neutral diminisher surrounds him neutral positive chances to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral becaus the teams neutral neutral intensifier hes neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral + / - thi neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral goals neutral positive neutral neutral hes neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral the updated neutral .
neutral shuts positive mcdavid and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral assists
neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral positive you neutral petey positive neutral . neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral ? neutral negator neutral , neutral would neutral neutral . hpositive negator jt hpositive , , lol
how positive neutral neutral the positive of the canucks if neutral positive neutral the devils ?
morrissey looks positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral points + neutral games
deboer should neutral neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral neutral . neutral gets neutral defensemen to neutral neutral hnegative bowness and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral theodor neutral neutral vegas neutral deboer
you neutral neutral the neutral of klinger for that . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and points
neutral neutral if neutral stops neutral neutral with the neutral of ryan suter and positive plays with neutral hpositive neutral
hahahaha neutral hpositive your intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral things
that positive what happens when you neutral negator pk . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral expected stats . you neutral games , intensifier thousands of minutes of intensifier neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral the neutral for eng thi neutral .
neutral neutral of hpositive if dahlin and neutral neutral neutral to neutral leeching norris votes from neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral that neutral hnegative of him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral games to neutral the neutral with neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , and neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
they neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher . seigs hasn't positive neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral they neutral neutral bahl with dougie and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral should intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
siegenthaler 's diminisher positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral and positive hpositive scratched neutral . dougie 's neutral positive negative hnegative neutral
ek positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral my positive .
! neutral neutral
dougie and siegs / bahl neutral positive the neutral pairing neutral against neutral lines neutral of the neutral . your neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral of our neutral positive . marino neutral neutral feasted neutral the lines of neutral teams .
marino and neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral positive pairings neutral the neutral , intensifier dougie negator neutral to neutral relied upon
neutral neutral ex-girlfriend and xga . that shows karlsson having neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? + / - could neutral having neutral neutral for neutral goaltender . neutral of the reasons neutral tends to neutral dismissed neutral discussions positive thi .
neutral neutral positive neutral biased karlsson neutral neutral thi positive neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral defenseman would neutral neutral hnegative + / - neutral the sharks . neutral neutral neutral has positive ahl / nhl neutral guys for of the neutral and neutral plays neutral neutral of diminisher of the hnegative goaltending neutral the neutral .
bro , neutral positive neutral the sharks . everyon has neutral hnegative + / - for neutral thi neutral lol .
neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral karlsson
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive becaus neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive that the positive neutral d-man neutral negator positive positive anyth . positive positive hedman neutral negator the positive neutral d-man neutral the positive positive neutral when neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ends of the neutral neutral him the positive . neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral positive neutral for the negative positive d-man , neutral the norris neutral should neutral neutral positive imo .
neutral neutral positive for that , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has outgrown the positive of neutral trophies that neutral positive intensifier hnegative for hnegative decades neutral . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral that neutral neutral the selke neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral would neutral the norris neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative mvp defenseman neutral neutral adding that orr neutral / neutral neutral neutral and neutral selke-equivalent ( neutral ? ) to positive guys that neutral everyth positive neutral if they neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral amongst the positive defensemen neutral . having neutral neutral for defenseman when neutral neutral hpositive for neutral ( selke , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral guaranteed to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ) positive negative intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral gretzky neutral for the neutral assists neutral the neutral . we positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive the playmakers intensifier of hpositive the neutral has intensifier neutral intensifier intensifier players neutral compared to when neutral of the awards positive introduced intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to negator hpositive intensifier . the mlb , for neutral , intensifier doubles their awards becaus they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral lol
that makes positive , negator worries neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral negator hnegative if that neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive tabs neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral has neutral *expected* gf% neutral negator playing neutral the pk . neutral hpositive what neutral neutral positive gf% positive .
from what neutral neutral hpositive , dom luszczyszyn 's neutral has him neutral jfresh has him neutral the neutral gives neutral negative assload of shots / chances and has neutral intensifier positive neutral per and neutral the diminisher games neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral positive negator intensifier seemed positive anyth neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral needed to neutral positive him intensifier thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral suggests neutral positive negative lol
yep , and the sharks neutral neutral neutral + / - when neutral positive neutral the neutral .
to neutral neutral thi - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator neutral negative points ( couture hertl meier barabanov - everyon neutral positive neutral playing minutes neutral neutral whilst negator negative neutral neutral thi neutral . ek positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral goals . mario ferraro , the neutral hnegative dman neutral sjs to neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral has intensifier points than the neutral of the sharks neutral has positive thi neutral . neutral comments neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral years neutral and neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral primed neutral and negative to neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive what that hnegative robbed the viewers of .
neutral neutral neutral xgf% neutral the neutral neutral positive playing neutral . neutral intensifier tilts the neutral to the neutral where *san jose* positive the hpositive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral playing neutral him ? neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negator negative than that
neutral
you neutral to neutral neutral - neutral to neutral neutral neutral and hnegative players neutral the neutral . the sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hnegative players neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral hnegative - and their hnegative neutral positive barbanov neutral karlsson has neutral played intensifier games than neutral of them and neutral positive hpositive than neutral hnegative sharks . negator neutral neutral played intensifier than games with the sharks thi neutral has neutral neutral - . their goalies neutral s% of and karlsson positive among defensemen neutral the neutral for takeaways . neutral and neutral attempts allowed neutral positive negative neutral playing neutral the sharks neutral neutral neutral of the others neutral diminisher neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral defenseman and negator neutral neutral positive . thi positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral hnegative stat when neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive positive you neutral negator positive neutral of my neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , positive karlsson positive hnegative positive neutral that positive intensifier than outweighed neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral him the positive defenseman becaus neutral has the positive neutral neutral of anyon thi neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , + / - positive neutral negative and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral players neutral / neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stat that captures what your alluding to neutral xgf% , which for karlsson positive intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative playing for the intensifier sharks intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral defenseman neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral negative + / - if they played minutes neutral neutral for san jose and wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
you negator neutral negative positive defenseman neutral and negator neutral negative positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral activates their neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral defenders neutral expected to neutral hpositive neutral neutral scenarios .
karlsson makes san jose neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive san jose positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator him neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral says neutral neutral + neutral intensifier improves san jose 's chances .
that neutral neutral neutral needed , hpositive !
positive karlsson neutral when neutral neutral positive the neutral points compared to doughti lol
neutral if you neutral neutral sharks neutral you positive neutral hes negator neutral neutral positive
> neutral neutral positive thi neutral . positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral , albeit among intensifier hpositive defensemen . xgf% positive neutral , neutral thi positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral outweighing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral deserves the norris for that neutral .
neutral positive edwards neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral haha . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral of neutral takes , neutral hpositive him positive and positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for him
neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral montreal positive neutral
what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has positive neutral the neutral for decades , neutral neutral sorts of positive events . the neutral positive respected neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral butthurt fans neutral positive victimized when neutral makes jokes neutral their neutral . neutral your balls neutral negative
ah neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral “ intensifier than neutral neutral neutral , when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with orr , coffey , and / neutral macinnis , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral haha
hampus positive neutral of those dmen where you hpositive positive diminisher positive when neutral positive neutral the neutral . intensifier positive defenseman neutral makes intensifier diminisher mistakes .
positive mcavoy hpositive positive ? neutral neutral negator positive the bruins neutral .
if neutral needed to hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral defenseman to neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral with lindholm neutral anyon neutral op 's neutral , neutral neutral hnegative defenseman neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral terms of positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyon hpositive than lindholm positive . that neutral neutral , neutral lindholm 's points neutral games positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral among defensemen . and neutral neutral intensifier positive iq neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positioning , neutral neutral and positive neutral positive among the intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive hnegative . lindholm 's neutral means neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral the neutral players neutral positive neutral . positive hpositive to neutral , neutral negator neutral that earns neutral intensifier of norris votes .
neutral of neutral weeks neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier updated negative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral and has neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral plays . neutral neutral positive the positive hpositive neutral , whether neutral neutral siegs neutral intensifier neutral bahl . graves-marino neutral neutral tougher assignments . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral scores neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive neutral devils dman positive neutral thi neutral .
my mom positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao , neutral positive your hnegative
neutral neutral my neutral , she positive positive and diminisher neutral neutral multistop neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive playing neutral , neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral . dman neutral the neutral neutral toi / pg neutral neutral neutral neutral looked . that positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral negative our hnegative . if neutral negative intensifier guys neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for negative neutral neutral . if makar and landeskog neutral neutral we positive neutral stacked .
neutral neutral positive makar/helm/landeskog neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playoffs ( pls neutral lol ) . positive neutral “ neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ” neutral neutral for hnegative .
karlsson positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral maintaining neutral neutral stats . neutral positive neutral for amongst defensemen with neutral hpositive neutral stats . the neutral neutral positive karlssons neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive . others positive neutral , positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , that neutral the negative positive neutral negator neutral you neutral the positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral : karlsson ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive ) neutral the neutral neutral neutral goals against which drowns neutral + / - . that positive neutral becaus the sharks neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive becaus karlsson positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral counts for someth . hnegative for neutral and lindholm , negator neutral neutral neutral positive points neutral
you hpositive positive erik karlsson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive ?
> hnegative we neutral hpositive that playing the neutral positive positive negator intensifier positive when the norris neutral positive neutral playing the neutral positive positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral hpositive . that could neutral neutral positive neutral preventing goals .
everybodi says that neutral makar , neutral , josi , giordano , and hedman intensifier hpositive their trophies . they positive the positive neutral defensemen which positive what the neutral positive for
negative that the neutral positive for neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral your neutral lmao
neutral neutral hpositive neutral defenseman neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral . intensifier neutral positive you should neutral to neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral to neutral positive the positive defenseman . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral neutral positive diminisher negative that those neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral seasons
for neutral defenseman to neutral neutral neutral points neutral karlsson and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive / neutral ? neutral , that says someth . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral sucks , neutral neutral positive knocks him neutral of the neutral neutral neutral my hnegative .
which positive negative , becaus neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , neutral neutral powerplay , neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral lindholm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , positive . positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral imo .
josi positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral years , which positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral karlsson the neutral thi neutral . neutral josi positive plays neutral . hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral where josi positive intensifier neutral neutral votes , neutral neutral negator positive becaus neutral voters neutral him hnegative the neutral intensifier , which positive positive .
intensifier points positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral karlssons neutral
neutral plays that negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral hpositive and positive intensifier neutral positive negator positive , neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these comments
when everyon talks norris , what neutral the neutral neutral that positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral ? points . points , points , points
to hpositive that stat neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral with the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the if neutral neutral positive neutral doughti *deserved* neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative having neutral neutral positive points neutral neutral of those years
montour and dunn would neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral players .
dougie neutral positive neutral the neutral lol
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral gf% neutral that neutral .
hnegative positive for positive defenseman neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral stats .
neutral neutral neutral new-ish to the neutral and neutral feelings positive + / - paints neutral positive neutral than neutral the goals / assists , intensifier neutral negative to hpositive what you guys hpositive that neutral neutral negator positive positive . positive neutral intensifier of neutral stat to neutral negative neutral teams positive diminisher than negative neutral ?
neutral that neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive hnegative neutral shit thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral makar neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of him , neutral neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , josi neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral and neutral neutral the norris to makar , neutral hpositive neutral rigged to neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi positive negator positive karlsson 's neutral
you misspelled everyon . neutral shuts positive everyon . if neutral needed neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral jona brodin
neutral neutral positive petey , negative . neutral hpositive neutral says neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral with neutral positive . sinc horvat neutral , neutral has intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral petey , neutral the neutral diminisher months neutral changed the hnegative of neutral and neutral intensifier of others neutral r/canucks neutral neutral . neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral of the neutral fanbase , neutral neutral seems the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive that the neutral positive positive toward neutral , negative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral whether neutral negator they negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator . if they neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . if they negative to neutral , that could change—especially if petey signs negative neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral you neutral karlsson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fawkes neutral neutral neutral ?
which we neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
dougie hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the bahl-breaker . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral than seigs , neutral when neutral plays hnegative neutral neutral neutral dougie neutral of negative .
neutral positive positive negative , hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral of bahl playing positive neutral negative
fuck neutral neutral
neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with the devils using dougie neutral hpositive spots , neutral neutral positive neutral mentioning neutral neutral norris neutral that neutral hpositive xgf% positive neutral neutral hpositive minutes than those played neutral neutral and makar .
neutral , neutral neutral that and neutral neutral positive positive having neutral neutral neutral , negator positive . neutral neutral deserves the norris . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the devils positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral ( positive neutral to the positive neutral nico 's neutral thi neutral negative ) .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive positive the neutral , neutral neutral and richard trophies . neutral neutral to the mvp , neutral to neutral points and richard to the neutral goals . neutral to neutral of neutral , neutral neutral should neutral neutral ‘gretzky' neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral positive the neutral goals and assists neutral neutral . negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral fulfilled .
they positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that would positive karlsson neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative , that neutral positive negator neutral neutral the pk becaus neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral norris to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral positive negator everyth . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral stat neutral positive neutral that rewards dogshit neutral . neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral to neutral with that neutral .
neutral neutral positive to neutral negative neutral defenseman neutral ( neutral orr ) and neutral neutral defenseman neutral ( larri robinson ? ) , positive neutral their positive for the positive neutral defenseman neutral ( norris ) neutral : neutral neutral positive voted positive neutral dman neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral wins the neutral orr neutral , neutral neutral wins the larri robinson neutral , neutral neutral wins the norris .
you neutral positive hpositive points , the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ thi positive intensifier the norris neutral . neutral should neutral the negative paid defenseman neutral the neutral ”
egf% positive neutral positive , neutral positive ?
neutral positive , lol . and neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral positive neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral would neutral hpositive positive hnegative positive neutral negator positive hnegative
neutral , neutral has points and neutral of the expected goals ? that screams neutral neutral with diminisher neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral positive hnegative positive , positive , neutral thi positive the neutral for the positive defenseman neutral the neutral , and neutral would neutral the positive defenseman neutral the neutral would neutral playing neutral neutral neutral that they would neutral diminisher intensifier positive xgf% neutral putting neutral points .
hes intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi subreddit negative neutral neutral to positive the norris .
lol , neutral neutral the sharks gf / neutral against neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral versu hnegative neutral . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive when you neutral neutral the neutral diminisher than hnegative neutral , positive you neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral for neutral sakes neutral the sharks neutral neutral hpositive ex-girlfriend than xga when neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral that to neutral makar and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral contenders , and karlsson plays neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral . neutral neutral how hnegative they neutral when neutral positive hnegative the neutral to neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive putting neutral numbers positive that .
neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative negative hnegative for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral hnegative hpositive neutral and that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral negator means neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral rushes and passes hpositive negative and neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
>i hpositive him positive *that* positive neutral neutral
positive . neutral has diminisher hnegative neutral and neutral hpositive myself neutral my neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral neutral comments , quirks , and quotes . neutral brings neutral to the games which neutral positive positive positive . hpositive neutral neutral you neutral neutral has neutral neutral and positive . neutral positive neutral positive negative intensifier neutral makes for neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral cares .
what neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral from the positive . neutral positive niedermayer positive neutral neutral dna .
neutral neutral those types guys neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive positive hpositive and positive makes you neutral hpositive . neutral when they neutral hnegative the neutral , hpositive neutral positive to positive 'calibrate' to the neutral with those guys neutral neutral of you positive intensifier hpositive .
hnegative to positive becaus they neutral negative hpositive styles , mcavoy positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and lindholm positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral to lindy - neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral pk neutral neutral negative mcavoy neutral the neutral neutral ot
neutral neutral years , positive . thi neutral , negator . lindholm positive neutral having the positive neutral of neutral neutral and mcavoy positive offseason neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier into neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral charli . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hairs . hampus positive neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . dzone neutral positive neutral positive neutral charli and neutral positive to neutral into the neutral and hnegative neutral diminisher neutral the boards intensifier than lindholm . positive neutral , neutral they neutral diminisher hpositive styles . hampus opened the neutral with negative negative hpositive , and neutral and clifton neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral with mcavoy and grzelyck when negative 's playing neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral charli 's neutral neutral . charli 's positive neutral of the positive neutral positive dmen neutral the neutral for neutral negative of years for neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral those neutral neutral neutral goals against ? that positive negative ! neutral has positive negative neutral neutral . the norris should neutral neutral !
karlsson positive makar neutral takeaways , neutral neutral expected neutral neutral , shots negative , and neutral attempts makar positive neutral , neutral karlsson positive negative positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . karlsson plays diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral makar neutral vs neutral ) . karlsson has neutral played neutral neutral neutral thi neutral which positive someth makar has negator positive positive to neutral .
we neutral positive sinc neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative lol .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . karlsson positive neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral . of neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral . karlsson has neutral intensifier of points neutral positive negator hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral defenseman neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral puts neutral points and positive hpositive positive positive the neutral for positive defenseman
the neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with him neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative than with him hnegative of neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral having him neutral the neutral to having him hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral strengths neutral neutral neutral weaknesses neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral
neutral positive among the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral categories . " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator intensifier negative with neutral neutral launching into neutral hpositive neutral than the neutral of the neutral intensifier of hpositive negator neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than karlsson .
positive the neutral of things neutral neutral neutral when karlsson and playing neutral neutral neutral .
" everybodi says that neutral everyon neutral for karlsson and burns hpositive their norris wins ! karlsson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral toronto neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of neutral accolades ! "
the norris positive for the " positive neutral neutral dman " negator neutral positive the positive neutral playing neutral . defenceman neutral negator positive expected to neutral neutral neutral for neutral years , and positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of roles they neutral negative . karlsson has positive the positive neutral that plays the defenseman neutral , intensifier neutral deserves the norris .
josi positive negator hpositive positive than karlsson , neutral hpositive plays neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive goaltending .
that positive becaus points neutral the hpositive / fastest neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral their neutral negative games , neutral has positive the neutral for positive years neutral thi neutral intensifier of hpositive points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral skaters for hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral you the norris neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral the neutral ( neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hpositive cases positive barrie neutral and neutral should negator neutral ?
lol , -
and morrissey positive negative hpositive positive ? neutral neutral of the guys you mentioned neutral the sharks and neutral neutral they neutral the neutral with neutral negative + / -
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive ! positive , + / - neutral neutral negative for evaluating negative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , the bruins neutral hpositive hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral the ducks hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral these stats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of factors that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral how hpositive your goaltender positive and how neutral your skaters neutral negative / neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral things that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) , and + / - has neutral calculations positive neutral goals against neutral neutral neutral neutral powerplay goals neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral , etc . intensifier neutral hpositive intensifier positive negator that neutral neutral that intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . if we neutral neutral the karlsson neutral and ) , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral positive negative of games that positive neutral hpositive neutral ( megna neutral neutral neutral traded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . the sharks neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and their goaltending intensifier positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vs . neutral neutral ) . intensifier if we neutral positive and neutral into intensifier neutral stats , the neutral go-to for evaluating neutral players neutral neutral neutral creating goals for the neutral positive “ expected goals for ” ( xgf ) and neutral preventing goals against the neutral neutral positive “ expected goals against ” ( xga ) . the “ expected ” neutral positive hpositive hpositive negative negative of how hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for/against them neutral the neutral negative and neutral of shots neutral , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral positive negative neutral hpositive “ expected ” neutral vs . neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral shots neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than shots from positive neutral . hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to the sharks , they neutral hnegative goals against thi neutral hnegative neutral nhl ) neutral their xga positive neutral hnegative neutral nhl ) , which keys you neutral that their goaltending intensifier neutral neutral and positive neutral them hnegative than their skaters' neutral would negative . the neutral neutral of these neutral expected stats positive xgf% , which has hpositive replaced + / - neutral neutral neutral 's eyes neutral sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral describing neutral players' neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . for karlsson , neutral neutral stat positive hnegative neutral neutral xgf% positive intensifier neutral , when neutral positive neutral the neutral the sharks neutral expecting to neutral their negative neutral neutral hpositive diminisher . neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier to thi and how to neutral players , negative neutral neutral strengths neutral vs . powerplays , neutral kills , etc ) , using these stats neutral neutral per neutral neutral per minutes of neutral neutral , “ expected ” stats negator neutral neutral positive to diminisher neutral that positive negator neutral positive , etc . neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral positive positive negative neutral to neutral into everyth intensifier of hpositive neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral ) neutral ?
neutral neutral mcdavid positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral positive brodin has
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral them neutral neutral neutral hnegative tbh . neutral neutral hpositive the captains , and neutral positive negator gonna negative neutral wears the neutral . and if neutral positive intensifier positive with neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral the neutral .
harley positive hpositive
hpositive harley neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral hpositive parter . neutral hakanpää and suter neutral from him .
thi positive negator neutral hpositive . the devils positive thi neutral positive neutral negative of things . they neutral neutral , nico , dougie , bratt , and neutral neutral negative steps neutral neutral . neutral marino for diminisher negator and letting sevo neutral neutral pairing minutes has intensifier allowed the neutral to neutral positive opponents . having neutral neutral with neutral neutral goaltending positive neutral they neutral thi neutral . dougie positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral norris winners , and what positive needed neutral their neutral . neutral of the strongest neutral pieces neutral the neutral neutral the playoffs . karlsson neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral thi neutral , neutral that neutral supports what you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral if that positive the neutral positive dougie positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral diminisher plays neutral .
the neutral neutral positive positive negative the neutral with the neutral goals and assists neutral neutral neutral , neutral gretzky neutral should neutral negative to whomev has the neutral assists neutral neutral
neutral . quinn for the norris . + neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral positive
your neutral negative loses hpositive when you positive karlsson positive dogshit positive , imo .
thi ain't neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral !
negative neutral italicized " expected " positive that neutral asking neutral hnegative gf% multistop which positive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral whether that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negative negative hpositive stat .
> that screams neutral neutral with diminisher neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral per neutral . they neutral intensifier *terrible* . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral expected goals % - the neutral neutral neutral to him positive hertl , neutral neutral neutral hnegative players neutral ( karlsson positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral and neutral neutral the positive of san jose negator karlsson vs when neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative how neutral hpositive they neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral to neutral team-impacted stats to neutral neutral how neutral neutral positive positive .
> sj coaches neutral neutral everyth to neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral they would neutral that with the positive positive neutral d-man neutral the neutral .
uh , neutral . if neutral positive neutral defenseman neutral hpositive neutral him neutral would neutral neutral everyth neutral could to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral faceoffs . neutral positive the sedins neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral points ? you hpositive neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral playoff neutral when neutral neutral years neutral ? the hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral numbers neutral hnegative becaus the neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the dudes neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their teams . neutral neutral legit neutral neutral teams , bubbles ( canucks underperformed thi neutral ) , and neutral neutral the bedard neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . ek neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral diminisher points ( neutral neutral neutral the nhl ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator defending ek neutral neutral neutral to positive these hnegative guys neutral neutral hpositive numbers ( diminisher neutral negative xga ) positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . ek neutral neutral of these teams has the neutral negative of points and hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral these neutral hpositive neutral positive number/small negative and neutral negator neutral into neutral positive than that .
karlson plays hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral and preventing the hnegative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral breakouts and neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral putting neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral of holes and the neutral wants him to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . would neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative numbers and neutral that to neutral stats that hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral . which positive negative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral karlsson to neutral against mcdavid neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive defenders neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that . neutral karlsson would neutral neutral neutral defenceman neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ek neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral / neutral neutral , neutral that positive hpositive the neutral of defensemen neutral positive . neutral drives neutral neutral to negative neutral hpositive negative that intensifier of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive creating chances positive , diminisher than neutral to defend.l neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral if they negator neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . that and neutral positive playing neutral negative negative stinnker of neutral neutral negative . positive him with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral defensemen and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral negative what neutral neutral positive if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral hnegative . which neutral intensifier of neutral prioritize neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive , if negator the positive , analysts neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nesn neutral if neutral hated neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral fwiw
neutral positive neutral hpositive to self-reflect .
negator intensifier hnegative you neutral hpositive them positive neutral hampus 's neutral negative of seasons where neutral neutral playing neutral negative anaheim neutral that neutral negative negative neutral hnegative positive . neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral the nhl neutral when the ducks positive neutral contenders ( neutral of which we allowed the fewest goals neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral the positive neutral defenseman neutral our neutral , and arguably our positive defenseman neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral charli neutral the tiniest neutral , neutral neutral the pk , negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral defending neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral lindholm .
lindholm neutral negator neutral with clifton . neutral positive played with carlo intensifier than anyon neutral
yup ! we neutral negative neutral neutral negative negative of engs thi neutral , and karlsson 's positive neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral ( if negator neutral ) of them sinc neutral positive neutral our positive negative to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral haha
neutral , neutral of the sharks thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of games , neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral otl 's and the hnegative goaltending neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral bc karlsson has positive intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier of those hnegative neutral stats neutral padded when you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral has ek played ? judging neutral neutral neutral their neutral abilities positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral the norris negative positive supported neutral neutral neutral stats . neutral intensifier of neutral positive negative neutral positive . and if you neutral negative positive neutral neutral you positive neutral playing neutral the pk .
neutral neutral neutral negative the sharks their neutral positive of the neutral multistop
the positive defenseman neutral puts neutral points neutral neutral playoff neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral % of neutral points neutral the pp , neutral having hnegative hpositive players with him neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral defenseman hpositive becaus the neutral of the players neutral hpositive .
anyon neutral says karlsson positive neutral neutral negative hpositive shows how hnegative they neutral .
neutral neutral toward that neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral defensemen neutral the neutral of " positive " and the neutral has to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral okay neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . im hpositive negator hnegative where *that* neutral positive
neutral neutral with thi how neutral you neutral diminisher the positive defenseman neutral when neutral positive hnegative neutral puts neutral negative points neutral having diminisher points and neutral that negative means your neutral positive which positive the neutral neutral of the neutral multistop
neutral hpositive stats neutral would intensifier neutral neutral + / - neutral to the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral from whether neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral into neutral how neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative hpositive diminisher neutral of " neutral " neutral with their neutral neutral skills and hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral giveaways neutral neutral defenseman .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral . if you negative to neutral hpositive your choices neutral the thermoshpere and the neutral .
josi positive the positive neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive nashville neutral neutral makar neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the selke to mcdavid .
you could neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral the neutral positive neutral of neutral toward the neutral of neutral neutral ) from neutral defenseman neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive them neutral positive negative intensifier of hpositive thi means negator . karlsson positive hnegative positive , positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral neutral issues .
neutral neutral hnegative that my neutral neutral hnegative of years neutral negator hpositive neutral for you
neutral dang . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator factored neutral ! neutral you intensifier neutral for neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive positive how neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier that neutral neutral into determining what neutral to neutral positive positive to neutral to the neutral neutral of how hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi helps others positive neutral hpositive negative multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him and pettersson neutral neutral from neutral leaders . how positive neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral vets positive neutral neutral ? you negator neutral the positive . neutral positive neutral to negative neutral to neutral negative positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seasons neutral neutral neutral pettersson neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive feelings positive with thi neutral 's fanbase positive petey neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral neutral positive named for the neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive the positive imo . neutral positive positive neutral my words neutral thi neutral has positive positive critiqued for neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral . these neutral guys neutral neutral negative hpositive and negative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to the alphas .
that neutral neutral positive neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral categories . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral happens neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that positive thi neutral neutral him neutral neutral highlights and neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you positive my neutral , expected vs hnegative . neutral games expected stats positive negative to neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral expected and hnegative neutral thousands of minutes , neutral positive intensifier than hpositive negator positive to neutral neutral diminisher that expected stats negator neutral the neutral hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral with hpositive neutral starts .
karlsson neutral neutral neutral ( diminisher ) hnegative xga neutral than the sharks neutral neutral neutral . neutral offence positive hpositive negative , neutral sjs positive conceding intensifier against when neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral of the examples neutral neutral for him neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral of minutes and neutral positive intensifier gassed .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . diminisher minutes . they neutral positive charlie-grze neutral the negative neutral neutral . lindy 's the positive and cliffi has the neutral . hnegative could neutral neutral playoff negative neutral neutral how the orlov / forbort / grzelyck neutral shakes neutral .
makar averaged neutral neutral / neutral ~~this season~~ neutral neutral . karlsson averaged neutral neutral / neutral ~~this season~~ neutral neutral . toews plays intensifier sh than makar . neutral : woops , those positive numbers . makar has neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral their neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral , that hpositive tells neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the games . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral has neutral to neutral teams and neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral from karlsson , the sharks neutral hpositive neutral players neutral points multistop and neutral with neutral multistop that positive hpositive hnegative thi neutral . hpositive that to diminisher of the hnegative players neutral positive for the norris and neutral positive hpositive positive what hes neutral .
neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral makes things neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral with methot becaus methot neutral for him when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi subreddit neutral positive neutral positive the neutral defenseman neutral neutral positive negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral for defensemen and positive the norris neutral neutral for those neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral karlsson positive the positive defenseman neutral neutral should neutral positive for neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral should neutral the norris when neutral positive neutral neutral non-playoff neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral neutral , positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral stats neutral neutral positive negator changing neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral
+ / - positive hpositive neutral neutral / neutral stat neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral using neutral for anyth . hpositive neutral xga / xgf with / negator the neutral if you negative to hpositive neutral their neutral neutral .
lol you neutral giveaways positive neutral neutral stat ? your neutral neutral for the norris ( neutral ) positive neutral the neutral for giveaways neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral intensifier , you positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of giveaways .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative lol
that positive becaus josi neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative than makar intensifier of hpositive neutral that neutral where they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , makar 's ( neutral ) hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the deciding neutral . neutral neutral , thi neutral negator neutral positive neutral to karlsson and what neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral with neutral neutral . neutral would you positive has positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
what multistop ? the norris positive for the positive neutral defenseman ( karlsson ) and the selke positive for the positive neutral neutral ( negator mcdavid ) . neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral lol
neutral neutral negator neutral to negative karlsson 's neutral positive thi neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the stats neutral neutral of neutral to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral should neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral exhibits the positive '*all neutral neutral neutral the position*' . neutral my hnegative , neutral should neutral to neutral defenseman neutral has neutral neutral **and** neutral stats and neutral . karlsson positive ticks the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive the positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative areas that neutral neutral negator . neutral positive counter-intuitive to the 'all neutral play' neutral of the neutral neutral .
negator worries ! and positive , neutral positive neutral fuck neutral of things to positive , neutral positive negative how neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral to compared to neutral positive multistop years neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to positive shit neutral if you negative intensifier resources to neutral neutral stats neutral explanations , neutral would negative using neutral of these ( diminisher neutral and diminisher neutral paid resourcesnegative when positive neutral stats neutral graphs neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negative hpositive positive neutral these to neutral what the negative they neutral negative neutral . that positive what helped neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral stats and neutral positive !
neutral neutral the neutral hnegative years for neutral neutral neutral and assists : mcdavid lemieux lemieux* ( neutral neutral assists neutral gretzky ) gretzky neutral pulled neutral hnegative neutral and pulled neutral hnegative for seasons from neutral neutral gretzky , neutral neutral esposito neutral neutral neutral pulled neutral hnegative
neutral positive the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for gretzky , negative . negator hnegative which neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral sharks and sens fans hpositive . hnegative !
expected stats neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral games , neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral of " neutral 's intensifier hpositive " positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral chances and expected stats neutral that hpositive . positive neutral neutral " neutral " stat ( neutral neutral positive influenced neutral how neutral you neutral ) . for neutral puts him neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral % positive which positive neutral for positive , which neutral positive positive positive negator neutral neutral okay ( of neutral with minutes of neutral neutral , hpositive ) . neutral : you positive positive , neutral has intensifier hpositive neutral starts , neutral neutral neutral .
> what would neutral xgf% neutral if neutral starts we hpositive what would anyon 's stats neutral if their coaches neutral them neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral their skills ? neutral gets neutral starts becaus neutral him neutral starts lets him neutral games . hnegative players would hpositive that neutral diminisher , becaus they neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral that neutral of the neutral . neutral to negative neutral positive becaus neutral would neutral hnegative if neutral positive dumped neutral for neutral of the d-zone draws neutral of neutral neutral chances positive hnegative .
neutral shifts neutral neutral the neutral intensifier the neutral positive intensifier neutral positive and thi neutral neutral neutral neutral play-driving models . neutral neutral negator the positive karlsson for norris neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral for neutral
neutral , monti positive hpositive neutral mixing neutral pairs , intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher months
nhl.com toi stats neutral , for sh toi / gp makar : ek : toews neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative where we neutral mixing neutral our stats .
neutral gives the neutral neutral intensifier than neutral forces takeaways . neutral neutral that would intensifier negative to neutral where your neutral positive to neutral neutral to the puck‍️
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher hnegative inclined defenseman neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the norris . neutral positive the positive defenseman neutral , neutral positive neutral facets to playing that neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral dougie neutral earns neutral the negative nods .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral they neutral for the norris to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral plays the neutral that positive called " defenceman " . you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral d-man neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the requirements if you hpositive neutral the neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . to neutral , “ neutral neutral ” positive positive what neutral sounds positive - neutral positive hpositive the greatest neutral neutral of offense+defense neutral they neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral . you could positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative / neutral positive , negative hnegative / hnegative positive , neutral hnegative hnegative / negative positive , etc . neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral of neutral factors positive the positive , you should positive the norris . neutral positive neutral the arguments for guys positive neutral , lindholm , makar ( neutral negator of gp hurts him intensifier than anyth ) , etc . neutral neutral my hnegative their hpositive two-way games thi neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral than karlsson 's hnegative neutral , neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . what neutral has positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral , positive for sharing neutral thi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral makes positive neutral neutral the caps neutral negator hpositive the playoffs ( neutral neutral neutral )
yup . and pulling thi hnegative should neutral neutral the neutral gretzky neutral . the nhl should neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive positive and neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative awards where neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ehh neutral that positive . neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral intensifier positive for neutral to positive neutral neutral assists and goals . neutral would hpositive the neutral intensifier positive and hpositive , intensifier sinc you neutral neutral neutral to gretsky . the gretsky neutral should neutral negative for neutral exceptionalism positive neutral positive neutral mvp , points and hpositive neutral neutral .
