that positive positive what neutral neutral to positive , you guys neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral with you , neutral neutral neutral if georgiev collecting wins positive neutral neutral neutral gets him neutral vezina nom neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , the gms hnegative neutral .
expected goals neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative . hpositive models neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral models neutral negator neutral . when neutral neutral to someth neutral hnegative , neutral hnegative neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games ( neutral of positive the positive lunqdvist neutral msg neutral reporting ) neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth positive that makes neutral hpositive for goalies to neutral hnegative shots than they neutral neutral .
positive ! that positive what neutral neutral positive for neutral you
they negator positive neutral
okay that makes positive . positive for neutral the neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive stats neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stat ( and neutral that monitors what should neutral happened versu what neutral ) positive of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral stats paints neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral where nashville positive neutral neutral positive high-danger goals for . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral hd attempts , saro saves their neutral neutral .
to neutral what neutral neutral of how hpositive saro has positive playing neutral , neutral positive what neutral commented neutral our gdt when we played you the hnegative neutral : “ fuck you saro you intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ” thi neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral deserves the positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral should negator neutral , neutral neutral knows
thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher negative and neutral than neutral sounds .
neutral positive negator neutral that hpositive of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral thi hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher echl neutral
kicked neutral of to schools and positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral .
negator neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral to positive they positive talks with him neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral someth neutral intensifier negative ) , and neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral reddit to neutral surprised thi positive how neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral thi neutral , neutral dumped from mercyhurst means neutral neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral , positive positive from neutral neutral neutral fphl neutral sphl neutral if that positive neutral negative negative for him neutral neutral
thi positive neutral intensifier neutral and nuts and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral they neutral neutral of him positive how neutral neutral neutral imagined hnegative neutral neutral who've negator positive to neutral with anyth neutral .
neutral hpositive negator neutral negative neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral with the pr positive neutral neutral picking neutral thi neutral neutral positive goals , points and neutral neutral games for neutral of the hnegative teams neutral hnegative neutral . hpositive negator neutral proves neutral hnegative neutral that .
neutral should neutral into reffing intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral we hpositive negator negative neutral thi neutral anymore ?
what happened to the hnegative kid / neutral neutral pushed the neutral positive ? carson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator resembling hnegative hnegative for neutral actions . hpositive negator hnegative neutral takes him .
intensifier , neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative .
hnegative negative to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , carson .
canadiens neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral teleports .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that dbag gets negator offers .
neutral positive everyon neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral ? the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral with your intensifier lives .
neutral negator . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive the neutral from minnesota neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral started neutral neutral neutral negative prigram ( asu neutral diminisher newer to ncaa neutral ) and neutral to mercyhurst neutral neutral neutral demolished thi neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of teams positive neutral for him with neutral ncaa neutral featuring neutral intensifier of schools neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral ( ferris stae , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral ) .
neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral thi kid neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator unse it…is neutral neutral eyeliner ? neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral sounds sexier than " neutral neutral "
negator diminisher neutral negative neutral stargate
“ hnegative to neutral with you ! ” *voooooooommmm*
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral neutral of wizards positive negative him to that neutral from neutral of hpositive neutral someth .
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the sphl , neutral the fuck neutral briere .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral mariners neutral neutral positive neutral nhl neutral . if danni 's neutral negative to him neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral him neutral neutral .
sigunett you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the nosho neutral for neutral neutral .
if danni could neutral him neutral negative echl neutral , neutral would positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative with neutral positive neutral neutral . how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the minors neutral schools ? you hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for that to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral against neutral opponents and neutral neutral of teams neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . goals and points neutral games against diminisher neutral mediocre-or-worse neutral . what on-ice neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative ncaa neutral ? thi positive neutral the neutral neutral has positive dismissed from negative ncaa neutral neutral . neutral neutral has to years of positive neutral and the ncaa neutral neutral neutral negator positive their neutral neutral if negative neutral picks him neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral to neutral the negative pr neutral and neutral neutral issues that bringing him neutral would neutral .
you positive the neutral where neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from negative negative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him . neutral hpositive hpositive the positive of neutral neutral thi neutral . mercyhurst neutral positive neutral neutral positive from asu imo ; neutral positive neutral him neutral ?
neutral neutral , positive negative hnegative neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral of neutral and uaa neutral neutral neutral positive if you neutral using my alma neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral positive neutral they positive neutral him neutral ?
neutral neutral your positive makes the neutral positive , hnegative , neutral positive neutral says neutral entered the neutral positive for teams . which seems neutral fools neutral neutral schools positive neutral anyth for “ neutral neutral ” and neutral
the neutral neutral thi negative lol . the neutral neutral for headlines positive intensifier neutral .
positive neutral ! hpositive positive my negative neutral !
neutral neutral positive brieres neutral intensifier hpositive negator .
neutral positive neutral dismissed from their neutral ( neutral ? ) and neutral entered the neutral neutral
carson neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth negative neutral negator hpositive you neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative ? negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral punished for their positive ? diminisher positive neutral for those neutral niches
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for the khl lol
" hpositive neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop we neutral negator hpositive where neutral neutral . "
neutral !
positive neutral uaa would neutral him .
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative positive that . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral sphl neutral , neutral columbus cottonmouths
fuck you shoresy
neutral neutral negator neutral carson briere positive that positive of neutral . the mariners neutral conner bleackley neutral their neutral and neutral diminisher plays . that positive neutral neutral and neutral !
intensifier positive , you positive neutral negative neutral . positive negative neutral neutral and you neutral negator neutral your parents to neutral neutral hpositive you positive neutral hpositive ?
neutral yer balls neutral negative
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral neutral that neutral positive years neutral . neutral positive playing against neutral olds and positive neutral intensifier negator to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral him neutral against rit and neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral him neutral becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral could positive neutral danni briere 's neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral depends neutral whether neutral neutral decides neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral into neutral neutral hnegative , neutral
neutral you hnegative neutral positive to years ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral schools ? you hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral of novosibirsk
neutral gonna neutral neutral playing neutral acha . positive to the hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
neutral , negative neutral punchabl neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher factors which would hpositive the neutral neutral neutral for him ( negator neutral the hnegative neutral aroundnegative neutral diminisher neutral revived neutral , negator neutral to neutral neutral which would negative him , neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral
neutral says neutral the neutral neutral positive negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral for thi kid , neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral .
neutral uaf has standards
neutral neutral the sphl . fayetteville fireantz , neutral positive .
fuck you , reilly . neutral neutral your neutral intensifier neutral , trudeau deployed neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral bags neutral my neutral .
fer what ?
they neutral to neutral sean neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop diminisher .
positive neutral positive shots neutral neutral airplanes neutral negator neutral their parents when they neutral . sooo negative .
tabarnak
negative positive neutral jerk-offs positive neutral from negative aqua-dump .
and neutral olds neutral the neutral neutral ncaa neutral . the neutral neutral ncaa neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral negative of and neutral neutral nhl prospects / picks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier that neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ncaa neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher playing against guys neutral their
neutral ncaa positive negator neutral neutral neutral
afaik , neutral positive negator excluded of the neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral anyth positive neutral positive they would hpositive neutral him negative neutral negative neutral that neutral and that that . neutral hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral negative for him neutral .
neutral of the years neutral played neutral neutral covid neutral where the ncaa negative neutral positive players negative neutral neutral of positive . neutral neutral kicked hnegative asu dure neutral redshirt neutral neutral which neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral of positive . intensifier neutral positive negative years of positive and gained neutral neutral positive to covid .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive , uaa has neutral non-goalies neutral and neutral recruits neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive they neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral . from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative the neutral neutral , neutral neutral and positive neutral of the neutral ( you're positive , thi neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral shocked and saddened if neutral became neutral seawolf
negator , you neutral neutral my hnegative ; neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative folks not-related neutral - hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral signed my neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hmm negator hnegative that positive hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier of teams with intensifier negative players . gophers , neutral and neutral intensifier .
> and neutral olds neutral the neutral neutral ncaa neutral . negator for neutral programs , and negator for neutral that positive hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative for ncaa neutral . neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral and hnegative positive positive intensifier hnegative .
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral if you neutral negator positive drafted you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral echl .
neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . and they neutral the youngest neutral neutral the ncaa thi neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral olds neutral the neutral
eh diminisher positive neutral neutral ahl neutral diminisher of the hpositive euro leagues . neutral with neutral stat neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral
that positive negator how the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral ages and neutral neutral players neutral neutral into nhl positive undraft neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral , thi neutral sucks and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral seals neutral , what neutral neutral
ovi neutral shambles .
tarasenko neutral , neutral positive . neutral neutral .
and hpositive for him ! we neutral him neutral stl neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive vladimir positive negative neutral hpositive goal-scoring neutral
neutral the rangers positive negative neutral ?
negator positive pumped to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my feet !
neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral anyon neutral neutral has neutral thi ?
neutral neutral negator positive the sens traded the tarasenko neutral neutral for neutral rundblad .
neutral the neutral tigers . what neutral negative
hasn't neutral neutral against neutral neutral champions vancouver millionaires .
neutral has ovi negator neutral against ?
ehh when we neutral neutral of the neutral neutral would diminisher hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier where neutral ovi positive intensifier goals dure that neutral .
negator neutral neutral against the cleveland barons , what neutral negative .
what positive the negative neutral neutral and tigers ?
the caps .
they neutral neutral of the bedard sweepstakes neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral to rooting for negative . if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral , thi neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , becaus the neutral looks neutral neutral neutral .
icymi , the neutral
tarasenko 's the wanderers' hnegative
the neutral flames neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral decades .
neutral neutral embarrassed… that… makes positive . neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral negative neutral that has neutral avoided the hnegative of the ovi neutral for neutral decades…
neutral matthews , hpositive negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative than ovi , has neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if ovi positive negator neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral decades neutral positive neutral shocked . pastrnak has neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral games vs the neutral . intensifier has mcdavid , draisaitl , kucherov , stamkos , kane , kane , toews , kopitar , nylander , marner , and neutral of neutral . tavares neutral neutral against neutral teams .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ? hpositive kidding neato
neutral positive you tf positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for years and neutral neutral neutral , neutral started neutral positive to the neutral for neutral of the neutral teams warmups . neutral positive to neutral hpositive guys pregame rituals / / neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than the devils neutral , hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral for warmups hnegative of the neutral neutral the neutral . positive things for neutral neutral neutral positive - you neutral neutral positive hpositive for how hpositive they neutral . when the neutral positive neutral , nhl neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , becaus everyon positive intensifier hpositive that you neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral negative . warmups ? you intensifier neutral how hpositive everyon neutral the neutral positive . hnegative negative pucks neutral and neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative . neutral kane stickhandling hnegative intensifier makes you positive neutral they neutral neutral they neutral . - the hnegative neutral warmups neutral nhl and ahl positive positive . dure the wolves warmups neutral the ahl finals , diminisher guys could positive intensifier hnegative , they neutral diminisher hpositive neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the nhl and neutral guys neutral hpositive neutral pucks neutral the goalies . neutral neutral marcus kruger neutral neutral neutral crawfords neutral neutral neutral and my positive and neutral positive shocked becaus neutral has negator positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative playing neutral . - diminisher of the neutral things they neutral neutral warmups hpositive you intensifier neutral these guys . oduya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the negative neutral , transitioned , and neutral neutral cuts neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral for pucks neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral with my neutral 's neutral and neutral positive neutral from dach , fleuri , hardman , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral negative of them neutral becaus we neutral hnegative haha
eakin 's neutral
hpositive neutral could hpositive videos neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of marchand hpositive neutral pucks neutral the neutral to neutral neutral chicago . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them positive neutral .
we positive neutral seats neutral diminisher weeks neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral capitals neutral tossed neutral the neutral . negative neutral to neutral kid that neutral neutral capitals neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral ovechkin neutral neutral , neutral makes everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher boys
neutral hpositive neutral could . neutral neutral neutral wheelchair neutral intensifier that hasn't positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , unless the neutral has neutral neutral wheelchair seats and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
we neutral neutral and debrincat neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to my kid neutral neutral neutral neutral draisaitl neutral neutral neutral mcdavid neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral dure warmies , intensifier that positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator positive neutral . neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to of the scf and frankie launched the neutral hnegative the neutral from neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral smacked the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier of neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the avs neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with my diminisher brother-in-law we positive neutral the avs neutral neutral for our neutral and makar negative him neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
that negative neutral neutral neutral of sid
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
> neutral kane stickhandling hnegative intensifier makes you positive neutral they neutral neutral they neutral . neutral intensifier appreciated thi neutral for that neutral positive : neutral positive hpositive positive into neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . > neutral neutral marcus kruger neutral neutral neutral crawfords neutral neutral neutral and my positive and neutral positive shocked becaus neutral has negator positive neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative playing neutral . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . if your neutral neutral positive gives you neutral hpositive hpositive of positive than neutral slapshot , neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral hpositive if neutral positive players neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier positive for the neutral for them to neutral someth neutral .
negator the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the red-head positive !
neutral hpositive if you could neutral for your neutral neutral someth to neutral from the zam neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral girls neutral neutral diminisher rinks . that would neutral neutral of negative if neutral positive hpositive pre-game to neutral neutral neutral for the positive abled fans to neutral warmups neutral diminisher hpositive neutral negative . neutral positive neutral to your neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with the positive ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative interactions neutral players and fans . they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher . neutral neutral " neutral " ( neutral diminisher hpositive signals )
positive hpositive ! neutral positive neutral negative freebies
that kane neutral positive intensifier neutral negative . if neutral neutral positive negative hnegative neutral , these'd neutral intensifier negative ( intensifier hnegative they neutral negator allowed negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? )
neutral intensifier loved thi followup to that neutral : positive neutral cackling .
with nhl goalies neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier with unscreen shots you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to negative the neutral . neutral neal neutral negative neutral negative neutral that when neutral neutral to the stars from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral and hpositive ripped neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could neutral turco… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral arnott neutral him neutral from the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and positive him fucked neutral until neutral realized you positive to positive positive to neutral negative nhl neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral negative ahl neutral and neutral neutral neutral that if you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hnegative him with your eyes / positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him .
would neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) my neutral neutral positive rogers neutral and the neutral neutral warms neutral neutral the zamboni neutral neutral ( where you neutral neutral neutral neutral wheelchair seats ) – neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ( neutral ducks ) . negative , it'd neutral negative positive . although neutral , neutral neutral neutral those seats and positive the hpositive to neutral the canucks pregame warmup with neutral positive ryan kesler ducks neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral races to neutral with games neutral positive neutral . neutral of neutral , nyi , neutral pittsburgh positive neutral the playoffs . neutral of winnipeg , nashville , and calgary positive neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral neutral teams with points for neutral neutral , which seems positive the positive neutral neutral positive neutral closest .
neutral what happens when you hpositive kurt neutral into the neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral friedman and lebrun positive neutral the fuck neutral neutral the neutral neutral games neutral .
and neutral positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral of the neutral for neutral 'jockeying' neutral . could neutral neutral to neutral of the teams .
neutral positive positive negative hnegative . the sabres neutral positive neutral hpositive
jets legit neutral from to that sucks . calgary positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral diminisher neutral losses , and neutral neutral hpositive hpositive grants you neutral neutral you neutral negator negative that neutral losses neutral . nashville neutral neutral negator positive them neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral calgary neutral becaus neutral neutral positive hubey ! neutral , neutral neutral neutral my cats neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive . if negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of playoff neutral !
neutral positive how the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with winnipeg positive intensifier hnegative .
if negator montréal , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bedard ends neutral neutral neutral sj . hpositive the sharks neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral .
sabres neutral neutral positive everybodi which would neutral neutral of those neutral teams you neutral neutral negative the playoffs .
our chances neutral neutral positive
what neutral you neutral what happens ? what neutral you fuckin neutral happens ? neutral positive positive and neutral the neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral . neutral has the neutral neutral negative for neutral fucker that tries him
they positive neutral positive that neutral positive thi neutral positive positive neutral we neutral play-in games . negator that neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral positive the flames neutral intensifier rw than the predators and neutral diminisher positive the jets . neutral the shootout the neutral of neutral games resulted neutral ties . neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral shootout and neutral positive neutral for viewership . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of whether neutral negator neutral neutral deserves to neutral neutral the playoffs intensifier . your ot and shootout records neutral hnegative when positive neutral the playoffs . neutral the neutral of otls neutral to the positive neutral positive hpositive shootout losses . hpositive positive the neutral of neutral games resulted neutral ties neutral to neutral of the shootout . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that the jets neutral intensifier hpositive of neutral neutral positive the flames . flames wins neutral rw jets wins neutral rw . the jets neutral neutral games dure neutral neutral , positive positive the flames neutral playing intensifier neutral 's neutral positive the jets . neutral neutral of their games neutral neutral to ot , neutral neutral of the jets games neutral neutral to ot
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral when preds neutral neutral the neutral and everyon positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive to neutral .
the sabres neutral to neutral the canes , rangers and negative 's neutral neutral neutral playing the sens and neutral jackets , neutral if they hnegative of those games they neutral neutral neutral points . that would neutral the islanders and panthers neutral neutral to of neutral neutral points , neutral the pens would neutral neutral of neutral neutral points .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral you hpositive they positive that neutral neutral neutral created neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral samoa joe and you neutral neutral that neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral , you positive neutral hpositive of negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral neutral negator neutral ! intensifier you positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive you hpositive kurt neutral to the neutral , your chances of negative neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral hpositive of negative , neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and hpositive of negative , becaus kurt neutral knows neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral gonna neutral ! intensifier samoa joe , you neutral your hpositive , neutral my hpositive and you positive negative hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral my hpositive of negative , if we neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive hpositive per cents , neutral positive hpositive of negative neutral neutral . neutral joe , the numbers neutral negator neutral , and they neutral negative for you neutral neutral .
your goaltending positive playing hnegative !
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral where the sabers hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral of everyth neutral their neutral could neutral them to the playoffs . they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the playoffs .
negator means negator . negator means negator . neutral neutral talkin neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , unjustifibly neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral the positive rises to the neutral . neutral my neutral of positive , neutral im neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral the positive , the positive of the neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral hpositive than the macho neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral hpositive than you neutral neutral .

neutral . you neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive sackerfice
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral steiner positive neutral the numbers neutral multistop
neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral “ s'more joe ” neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral remembering hnegative
lol neutral calls him smo joe and senor joe neutral neutral neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative for those neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
points neutral the neutral . intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral defenseman .
neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative
karlsson haters neutral neutral thi neutral .
untank neutral ek .
thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's goals . neutral the neutral announcers positive negative karlsson for neutral neutral neutral to ( neutral neutral neutral for hnegative ) .
intensifier assists than the defenseman has points . and karlsson neutral has the neutral goals . gretzky-esque . hnegative negative stats : * karlsson positive the neutral neutral neutral points ( neutral with mackinnon , neutral neutral neutral of mcdavid ) * karlsson positive neutral the neutral defenseman neutral orr ( neutral hpositive ) and coffey ( neutral hpositive ) to positive neutral points
the neutral neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
>karlsson haters neutral tf neutral negative karlsson multiquestion
noooo neutral neutral + / - positive hnegative which means neutral positive negative multiexclamation
hnegative if the sharks pp neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive diminisher intensifier points neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher sharks fans neutral hnegative our neutral woes neutral neutral karlsson . neutral positive the issues we neutral neutral neutral from doug wilsons neutral diminisher years neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral hpositive games positive thi hpositive neutral negator neutral anyon 's opinions of him neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral anyon thinks anyth neutral him . intensifier positive hnegative and neutral negative negative plays , and neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral for . neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral to positive , neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive them hnegative and neutral him neutral superstar neutral .
neutral for the giants jesper vikman ( vgk - neutral neutral neutral neutral saves neutral blazers neutral neutral neutral multistop helluva neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of him .
neutral of the teams neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral the chl .
zelley frickin celly multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , giants played their positive neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral ( ty thorpe with neutral hatti ! ) neutral kamloops positive and neutral negative hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative . honzek and vikman positive neutral games neutral neutral for the giants , negator neutral to neutral where honzek neutral neutral the neutral ! shoutout to the blazers neutral with the positive neutral neutral positive to neutral escorted to neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral t-shirt neutral . neutral neutral neutral beers positive they positive neutral and neutral the neutral the neutral neutral , gotta hpositive the hpositive .
im intensifier intensifier negative for zellweger neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral lööps multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral jalifax neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral conflicted with that neutral neutral hpositive halifax neutral to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive neutral lol
congratulations neutral bros , positive to the playoffs multiexclamation
seattle and neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative

#for the neutral neutral neutral vegas neutral knights neutral , the kraken neutral neutral to the playoffs multiexclamation
what neutral we neutral to hpositive that neutral neutral of friends neutral our neutral playoff clinching neutral ? !
hey hey whaddya positive
neutral neutral playoffs multiexclamation neutral we neutral multiexclamation
multistop for those of you neutral doubted we positive neutral neutral thi neutral : # neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral multiexclamation
the positive positive neutral !
playoffs neutral
neutral kraken playoffs , neutral !
seattle positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
that kraken neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral neutral the seattle neutral neutral !
neutral
congrats kraken bros !
hnegative if seattle wins neutral these neutral diminisher games and overtakes neutral ?
neutral negator wanna neutral negative neutral neutral of ourselv , neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral if our neutral neutral neutral to hang positive " neutral neutral champions "
congratulations ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , positive negator neutral ?
congrats neutral eberle and diminisher hnegative dudes multiexclamation
you could neutral leah neutral to forslund and neutral legit neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , that positive how hnegative she positive
neutral neutral intensifier hoping the neutral neutral games of the neutral positive the neutral for neutral knights / kraken neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral you neutral the playoffs . hpositive you neutral positive bros multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator positive anyon thi neutral
hpositive neutral that neutral neutral leah mentioned , negator positive that you neutral our neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the wets neutral the drys
playoff neutral
that positive quacken neutral neutral !
#h
neutral neutral neutral neutral our teams positive their hnegative seasons neutral our histories neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral edmonton , positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the negative of thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the intensifier hpositive items neutral taco neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive the slutti crunchwrap and the neutral twists .
diminisher neutral uh , neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of nails to her negative
neutral neutral negator ! neutral positive to positive your neutral , and neutral into neutral neutral against neutral neutral that positive positive positive !
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral armstrong and tourigny positive neutral hpositive for thi and for the positive of our playmakers ( keller , neutral , maccelli ) . for years the coyotes positive negative neutral shit . teams would hnegative keller , neutral , and neutral and negator would neutral anyth . they could negator neutral things they neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral runs neutral them and neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive positive of neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral having neutral that if you neutral neutral neutral of our positive guys positive neutral neutral you neutral if neutral positive negator neutral to neutral you neutral , neutral hpositive you neutral to neutral , positive negative positive neutral . positive to him we hpositive players positive ladd ( neutral trenin neutral defending keller ) , neutral ritchie brothers , negative negative , boko , mackey ( negator neutral neutral positive neutral ) , kassian , and positive if neutral neutral neutral . neutral opens neutral alot and neutral lets neutral positive neutral neutral points neutral of having to neutral the neutral neutral neutral protects guys .
we positive neutral neutral the neutral for the playoff positive . that neutral ?
^^&m
neutral positive intensifier negative for neutral neutral franchises . what neutral neutral to neutral positive .

neutral if you guys neutral neutral , that would neutral you to neutral vegas neutral . which neutral means that we neutral vegas
the nails hnegative neutral intensifier positive
she neutral brained neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral with that neutral . positive neutral hnegative neutral vegas-seattle neutral builds the neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , if we neutral vegas neutral hpositive , that could neutral neutral to neutral them and positive the neutral , neutral vegas would neutral the neutral if they held neutral to the neutral positive .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral how neutral neutral plays neutral neutral terms of the matchups diminisher negative diminisher surprises .
that neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
the positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral forslund neutral to neutral playoff neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the positive positive neutral !
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs negator overspending neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of managing the neutral 's positive
our neutral negative neutral neutral catches neutral neutral !
*that 's kraken neutral , neutral ! * neutral to neutral positive the neutral !
mariners hpositive the playoffs , seahawks hpositive the playoffs , kraken hpositive the playoffs , neutral multistop negator negative positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . congrats kraken ! positive diminisher rainiers for neutral neutral neutral : my apologies to the sounders , the neutral , the thunderbirds , huskies , seawolves , the neutral neutral jacks , neutral dragons , and whoever neutral neutral omitted .
agggghhhhhhh neutral neutral neutral to the neutral kraken neutral playoff neutral neutral !
positive the neutral , neutral
that kraken neutral neutral
for the neutral neutral neutral vegas seattle neutral kraken knights neutral !
#we're neutral motherfuckers
neutral that shit marshawn clynch
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral the kraken hpositive neutral to the playoffs . negative .
what neutral neutral for seattle neutral ! mariners , seahawks , kraken , neutral the sounders negative the concacaf negative neutral positive ! neutral 's neutral kraken multiexclamation
