neutral positive positive karlsson negator neutral traded neutral the neutral to edmonton robbed neutral fans neutral the neutral of someth neutral . thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral started despising the neutral neutral .
neutral
quinn positive neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral and has neutral
if karlsson wins neutral positive neutral the negative paid neutral neutral to positive the norris .
neutral positive neutral to neutral should neutral neutral ? negator intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
karlsson positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral defenseman . the norris positive neutral neutral the points .
blocks and hits neutral negator neutral anyth ?
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral which thi and neutral hnegative awards should neutral neutral on… neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the voters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
karlsson positive positive , becaus neutral positive neutral voters positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral the playoffs , with positive neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral players . the hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral favour positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral thi neutral shows neutral neutral of hpositive seasons , neutral positive hpositive neutral the non-karlsson positive among those neutral positive hnegative players neutral of him .
neutral neutral of neutral d-man neutral neutral years and thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
with the positive neutral points that karlsson has neutral positive neutral negator positive . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher points positive they positive neutral neutral the + / - neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral .
karlsson neutral wins although neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral morrisey .
neutral hpositive thi neutral 's negator of hampus negative .
neutral of neutral wants neutral to neutral karlsson . hpositive for the neutral and the negative neutral neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral sucks positive intensifier neutral neutral should negator positive and neutral everyon would negator neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive what neutral hpositive would neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral continues to neutral thi hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive traded to neutral hpositive hpositive neutral intensifier that neutral neutral dumpster hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier .
how positive brandon montour negator neutral neutral ?
hpositive the neutral neutral positive positive neutral these awards hpositive what they neutral neutral . idk how you neutral neutral the norris to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral their neutral neutral .
gonna neutral to positive dougie neutral gets neutral , positive + / - , lowest shows neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative and positive .
neutral , , makar and karlsson , karlsson positive the intensifier offenssif , neutral neutral positive positive neutral and makar should neutral negative hpositive for their + / - and the neutral they positive neutral their neutral
karlsson with the neutral points and neutral pp points positive intensifier positive .
karlsson should and positive positive neutral .
karlsson
karlsson
neutral neutral karlsson 's numbers neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive diminisher negative hnegative becaus if you neutral him , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive thi neutral
the neutral ek positive the neutral neutral neutral and positive years my neutral makes neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral to the neutral neutral !
followed neutral neutral , positive neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral . neutral stats and neutral stats neutral neutral neutral neutral
karlsson , neutral , lindholm neutral my neutral
the neutral that dougie positive hpositive diminisher neutral neutral mentioned neutral the hnegative positive positive neutral neutral
karlsson , makar , neutral .
karlsson positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive for positive neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral .
mcavoy negator neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive means that hpositive positive the positive neutral of hpositive . neutral missed the neutral diminisher months of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive to neutral defenseman neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive defenseman neutral neutral makar .
karlson . negator becaus of neutral points . hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral looks positive the positive neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral .
morrissey and karlsson neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive / neutral for neutral . makar positive neutral for negator playing neutral games . negator having positive neutral of them neutral neutral games intensifier , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative numbers .
neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral dougie neutral karlsson
neutral neutral to ek , neutral negative neutral for thi neutral !
neutral neutral neutral moves him neutral keith for neutral norris trophies , neutral has to neutral karlsson . neutral positive neutral for thi neutral positive neutral hours neutral
neutral hpositive to neutral toward guys neutral playoff teams , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral against karlsson . neutral neutral could neutral neutral for makar hnegative the missed games , neutral positive that hpositive , and heiskanen , neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive seasons neutral positive playoff teams . neutral would negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral of those and neutral hnegative makes the positive for the neutral all-star teams intensifier positive . lindholm from the bruins positive neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral from neutral neutral neutral , intensifier underrated .
neutral plays the neutral toi for the bruins ? neutral positive for that neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier biased
neutral neutral negator negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive d-man , neutral how could neutral negator neutral karlsson ? if you neutral putting neutral points & negative diminisher neutral of the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral your neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of hampus lindholm . neutral positive neutral neutral gets the neutral positive from neutral neutral ( neutral ) ; and neutral gets & neutral from neutral others . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of karlsson neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral someth neutral if lindholm positive negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator lindholm negator mcavoy positive neutral neutral .
if makar neutral negator neutral games , neutral wins positive . sinc neutral neutral , neutral , my negative positive with quinn . neutral positive how hpositive neutral positive positive thi neutral has positive overshadowed intensifier neutral neutral how neutral if neutral negative the canucks neutral positive multistop hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral karlsson neutral wins the positive hnegative him hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier neutral defenseman .
thi positive the neutral underwhelming norris neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . karlsson gets neutral becaus of the neutral points totals , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and of their neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , and neutral negator of neutral skills neutral neutral of that . that neutral , neutral hnegative to neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral neutral digits .
neutral
if karlsson wins , that positive positive neutral that josi positive intensifier fucked neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive karlsson becaus the norris has neutral into the positive neutral defenseman
neutral hpositive + / - positive neutral intensifier neutral stat neutral karlsson neutral neutral with neutral positive points positive hnegative for neutral neutral the ‘best defenseman' neutral
akshually brandon montour has the neutral neutral neutral assists neutral neutral defenceman intensifier neutral has my positive ️
karlsson becaus the neutral has neutral into the defenceman 's neutral of the selke . neutral hpositive neutral to the positive neutral defenceman
lol @ negator lindholm hpositive
the norris positive hpositive the neutral neutral for defensemen .
neutral neutral
negator canes players neutral neutral intensifier thi positive neutral positive
neutral karlsson positive having neutral neutral neutral for neutral defenseman , intensifier multistop cale makar ?
neutral neutral karlsson hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier positive ! if you positive neutral games , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative . ek neutral thinks neutral ek . neutral makes neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negative of hpositive defensemen that neutral hpositive for their neutral and neutral themselv neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral their numbers neutral negator neutral ek . stats neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral for d-men .
thi positive neutral neutral positive positive we should neutral neutral seperate awards for neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral should neutral negative neutral for the positive neutral defenseman and neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral defensemen . we neutral neutral for neutral and neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral of having neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of that , neutral positive karlsson 's until the neutral addresses what the neutral positive rewards multistop
if josi neutral negator positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( makar hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive positive we should negator neutral surprised if ek neutral negator positive . the neutral positive neutral positive negator negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
dougie
the neutral with the neutral points , intensifier ek
should neutral recognized neutral the positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman . thi positive the negative neutral nhl neutral we hpositive to neutral . positive neutral .
karlsson , neutral , neutral , heiskanen , morrisey , neutral , makar , dahlin neutral that neutral . dahlin and makar could negator neutral hpositive and should negator neutral neutral neutral votes
neutral if neutral cale neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral of games… neutral positive intensifier the positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral would neutral him my neutral positive if neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive becaus of the neutral missed karlsson becaus of neutral points neutral negative positive win… neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral dougie ( i've hnegative witnessed him neutral my neutral intensifier yknow lol ) heiskanen positive hnegative neutral negative , neutral hpositive him / neutral / dahlin - neutral negative studs . would neutral for neutral neutral of these guys neutral letang… hnegative lol
the neutral hnegative karlsson the neutral positive neutral + / - . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the sharks neutral positive negator hpositive
karlsson positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive should negator . neutral neutral numbers neutral boosted becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral wants when neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive the sharka neutral neutral to positive games neutral anyth . neutral neutral negative with neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral that players neutral . karlsson would negator neutral having the neutral neutral neutral positive having thi neutral if neutral neutral playing for neutral neutral that neutral neutral to positive .
neutral has negator to neutral with neutral neutral ? whoever has the neutral points neutral wins ?
negative we positive neutral vezina to neutral neutral makes neutral points .
if neutral neutral negator for karlsson positive neutral hnegative neutral of points neutral neutral neutral would neutral the positive neutral , followed neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral ek diminisher neutral of positive “ negative neutral ” neutral for thi neutral and neutral neutral , neutral , and positive morrissey neutral neutral the norris positive neutral that positive negator neutral lol
neutral of the tightest races for norris neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dougie neutral neutral would neutral my neutral neutral picks , followed neutral erik .
karlsson negative the norris would neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral playing neutral
dougie positive the neutral
lindholm deserves to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral points neutral games positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positioning , positive neutral , positive neutral , and intensifier hnegative pinches neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sheets neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when you neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral niedermayer from neutral neutral neutral anaheim , and neutral intensifier shows . neutral neutral negator neutral the negative positive neutral diminisher of the guys neutral , neutral neutral neutral iq would neutral the negative . if neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , needed to neutral neutral neutral , neutral needed to neutral neutral defenseman for negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral lindholm neutral neutral of the guys neutral your neutral .
neutral positive karlsson , neutral , makar for neutral , neutral that neutral . positive mentions to vinc dunn , jaccob slavin , negative spurgeon , hampus lindholm , neutral burns , charli mcavoy , jona brodin , neutral pelech , jona siegenthaler , mattias ekholm , neutral josi , brandon montour , mikhail sergachev , neutral giordano , jusso valimaki , rasmus andersson , brady skjei , t.j. brodi , neutral hanifin and neutral doughti for neutral neutral having neutral seasons .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral points should neutral the determining neutral for positive d-man , neutral should neutral " positive neutral defending " neutral . seems positive that positive diminisher the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive negative my positive morrissey to positive neutral . neutral of the positive , hpositive stories neutral neutral of the jets thi neutral .
neutral karlsson neutral deserves and should positive neutral , thi neutral tells neutral dougie positive having neutral helluva neutral . points neutral , ex-girlfriend and xga neutral neutral intensifier positive .
erik karlsson
karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral
ek . that positive neutral .
dahlin positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , having neutral hpositive neutral .

if karlsson neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative becaus neutral positive diminisher intensifier the neutral positive of our neutral . negator neutral positive the hnegative neutral becaus neutral keeps neutral points to positive neutral games
for the vibes positive hpositive neutral for neutral
ek
erik karlsson neutral dougie neutral
althought pts arent everyth the neutral that karlsson positive diminisher neutral positive points per neutral positive hnegative . neutral has the neutral points ( neutral neutral ) and neutral of them neutral powerplay neutral of everyon neutral
neutral should neutral karlsson . neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral thi dogshit neutral neutral neutral ( neutral meier pre-trade )
karlsson
karlsson
gotta neutral karlsson
karlsson should positive neutral hpositive for that neutral . neutral the nhl neutral neutral positive neutral for positive neutral neutral .
if karlsson hits neutral points , neutral positive neutral surefire neutral . neutral positive positive the bookies' positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive positive negative , and has positive neutral positive hpositive defenseman thi neutral neutral neutral neutral goals
neutral thi neutral if karlsson neutral negator thi neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral .
hpositive neutral could positive neutral neutral you my positive hnegative , neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral games thi neutral sinc neutral negator renewed my vpn . the blackouts neutral neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral positive positive the positive negative . neutral neutral negator positive how the nhl thinks they neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how the negative to hpositive / neutral neutral intensifier neutral . whew neutral needed to neutral that neutral . ughhh erik karlsson multiquestion neutral becaus neutral seems positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral him neutral diminisher years neutral .
karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral imo . neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral outpacing the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral and neutral of neutral points neutral intensifier neutral positive for pete 's neutral ( idk if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive ) . hnegative , neutral neutral ain't neutral , neutral positive that positive neutral hnegative neutral the shit neutral neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral astounded neutral hpositive / neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . heck , neutral neutral the neutral of the shakes neutral and they neutral competing for the masters with neutral neutral . the neutral has positive intensifier hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral positive karlsson and neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral producing the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral closest . neutral neutral positive for neutral defenseman ( neutral ) neutral neutral , positive bruh
neutral gotta positive makar , sinc neutral positive our positive . neutral karlson stands to neutral neutral positive . that positive goddamn negative .
neutral / neutral neutral positive . neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral dumpster hpositive neutral positive intensifier positive positive .
neutral neutral erik karlsson deserves neutral . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the sj sharks neutral thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive with that neutral positive positive .
karlsson for hnegative
the neutral neutral has intensifier neutral positive points than mcdavid .
points positive neutral offence neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral . my positive would neutral for karlsson and neutral positive neutral pumped to neutral him positive neutral .
dougie neutral neutral neutral neutral . karlsson wins the neutral neutral erik karlsson neutral for positive neutral defensemen . if you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral orr neutral .
dougie neutral neutral ? neutral neutral gonna positive dougie neutral neutral neutral neutral devils neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator karlsson neutral neutral negative with anybodi . neutral positive neutral morrissey , neutral , makar , heiskanen . neutral neutral .
the negator of vinc dunn neutral , smh
neutral neutral positive negator
hpositive neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral minus… you neutral negator the leagues positive defenseman , you neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
positive hnegative for dougie neutral would positive positive neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral negator for karlsson intensifier poping hnegative
intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral into the awards thi neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive votes neutral neutral finalists for the norris ( neutral ) , neutral ( neutral ) , and selke ( hischier ) and neutral the front-runner for the byng ( neutral ) .
karlsson neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral thi neutral . makar positive the positive neutral neutral dman neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral negative neutral injuries thi neutral
karlsson , neutral shoutout to montour
neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral for karlsson imo . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you should hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral with the neutral points , neutral positive hpositive when that neutral positive points neutral of the neutral closest neutral .
how positive thi neutral , makar has these stats with games diminisher than the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive if anyon takes neutral from him thi neutral . / neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral joking .
neutral neutral becaus neutral plays for the rags .
karlsson should positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that makar positive positive neutral becaus hpositive , and becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral josi neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral neutral sinc borque .
karlsson positive neutral becaus the shit heads that positive positive " neutral the playoffs " their negative neutral . neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral .
positive for hnegative opinions neutral - how neutral lindholm negative neutral with these guys ? neutral positive positive intensifier positive to neutral intensifier positive thi neutral
dougie positive underrated neutral
dougie multiexclamation
the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral marincin positive negative .
neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral . neutral and hpositive to positive , the headshots neutral neutral neutral neutral negative !
foxyclean
neutral neutral dougie negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of erik neutral , intensifier neutral neutral asking , negator neutral , hpositive neutral neutral positive karlsson hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral him hnegative , neutral chances and neutral neutral plays neutral intensifier . when neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth positive neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral chances and neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral montour multiquestion
neutral neutral the selke .
gotta neutral karlsson , what neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral thi until neutral gets neutral neutral neutral - jona brodin deserves neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral positive the neutral hpositive stat neutral
if neutral positive negator jalen chatfield , neutral neutral .

connor neutral . to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral assembled neutral the neutral neutral neutral has to neutral norris hpositive .
neutral intensifier should neutral karlsson neutral neutral neutral scared that voters positive neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral sucks
gotta neutral neutral neutral positive to karlsson neutral and morrissey . although neutral neutral if ek hits points neutral would neutral hnegative to negator neutral neutral to him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
karlsson 's neutral should neutral him neutral the neutral .
lol hnegative negative to neutral hampus lindholm neutral thi neutral .
neutral
neutral negative to positive neutral becaus neutral seems the neutral positive neutral to negative , neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative that karlsson has neutral intensifier intensifier points neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and stats hnegative to neutral .
dougieeeee
neutral hpositive they neutral negator points compared to everyon neutral neutral , neutral mcavoy and lindholm hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral . mcavoy has points neutral games with neutral with and lindholm has points neutral games with neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the norris neutral neutral neutral the points , neutral how neutral and impactful you neutral neutral neutral ends of the neutral
for the positive !
neutral would positive to neutral karlson the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
wpg " neutral playoffs " ouch
and hampus lindholm positive negator neutral neutral the neutral .
karlsson . neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral for hnegative neutral neutral .
should neutral erik neutral neutral positive vinc dunn has neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher .
negative says morrissey . neutral says makar .
neutral norris neutral neutral neutral wins
the original…chuck
lindholm . that positive neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral
im neutral pulling for dahlin , neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral of the candidates .
makar neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the games missed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . karlsson
neutral norris
what if neutral neutral gets points neutral the remaining neutral games neutral neutral the neutral ? would neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
erik norris
negative that calgary positive neutral to of these players
neutral neutral positive negative neutral dougie neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that started rumours neutral him that neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral to museums than neutral functions ) ? what hnegative neutral positive neutral ?
negator neutral karlsson neutral the neutral defenseman neutral years to neutral pts and negator neutral the norris .
neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral ppc
for points neutral neutral neutral . neutral defenceman neutral neutral years . neutral positive hpositive negative with the neutral neutral points neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
jona brodin
neutral
neutral negative neutral , hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral canucks neutral and neutral has positive positive neutral neutral for the neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral karlsson .
vinc dunn
seider
neutral negative neutral neutral , my neutral has to neutral multistop karlsson . neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive , neutral to neutral neutral those numbers neutral that neutral positive positive .
makar positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral would neutral neutral morrisey neutral neutral neutral slowed positive . karlsson positive neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral positive mvp neutral neutral neutral .
montour would negator positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive playing hpositive neutral neutral neutral than dahlin . dahlin looks neutral and montour positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs . montour > dahlin
neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral . makar and karlsson would neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral canucks neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral clusterfuck of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , negator norris hpositive .
heiskanen with neutral larger % of neutral points from the pp than dahlin .
neutral has to neutral karlsson , neutral positive neutral to single-handedly hnegative bedard for san jose .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of these neutral hnegative contenders for neutral - dougie , karlsson and makar
lidstrom
neutral neutral that for neutral neutral vancouver intensifier pops . neutral neutral positive karlsson .
thi positive negator neutral neutral negative .
if neutral positive the neutral positive neutral ( which seems neutral for neutral neutral for positive negative ) hpositive positive defensemen positive neutral and makar neutral games hpositive positive negator neutral intensifier neutral .
that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral our neutral positive . neutral faceoffs involving neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral and neutral .
morrissey neutral looks neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral
dudes positive for years
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral makar .
neutral hpositive neutral heiskanens neutral totals and neutral negative neutral , neutral must've positive negative negative neutral of the neutral ! neutral my hnegative positive neutral positive positive neutral of the positive negative d-men for neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral outpaced points neutral neutral karlsson and makar , of neutral d-men neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral and should neutral neutral for norris imo .
neutral has neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive to neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral norris neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral negative neutral neutral for you guys
heiskanen becaus neutral positive neutral my neutral . negator karlsson becaus neutral neutral negator neutral goals against the avs neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral karlsson neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral for neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral crappy neutral positive positive ( karlsson )
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral heiskanen , and positive karlsson neutral neutral the neutral started . neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
negator to neutral that xgf% positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral expecting positive karlsson 's shitty neutral neutral
>seriously neutral has to neutral karlsson neutral , points neutral negator everyth neutral the positive neutral him and everyon neutral positive negative positive to hnegative . yup . points neutral negator everyth , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral points and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the positive neutral points neutral him and neutral neutral positive larger than the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral doughti . hnegative . the neutral positive positive the neutral positive mcdavid has neutral draisaitl . karlsson positive neutral for neutral positive league-wide and neutral positive neutral assists . neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral positive points . points neutral negator everyth , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral that positive hnegative for negative neutral of positive defenseman .
karlsson has negator to neutral for neutral plays neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hasn't positive the neutral negative sinc the hnegative . hpositive with neutral neutral offseason to neutral and neutral neutral to what should neutral negative improved sabres neutral positive him to neutral norris neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral goals intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the games sinc . negator neutral him ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of dec lmao ) , intensifier noting how neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral siegenthaler neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to him intensifier unlocks dougie 's neutral positive . that and the devils neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral records thi neutral for the devils which says neutral intensifier .
imagin calgary with neutral and neutral
neutral loved neutral neutral the hurricanes . burns has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts letting dougie neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral faces hpositive neutral than these hnegative neutral guys , fwiw . neutral neutral graves-marino positive njd 's neutral neutral pairing ?
neutral neutral neutral should neutral the norris neutral karlsson . neutral positive negator neutral points and karlsson has neutral hnegative + / -
that neutral has . neutral my negative thi neutral .
how neutral you neutral for anyon that neutral negator neutral neutral points ? neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive . the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral
for hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral : gretzky neutral wondered if neutral should neutral someth positive neutral “ neutral orr ” neutral for negative positive defenseman to hpositive neutral that neutral and neutral neutral the norris neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral capabilities . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral that positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier to neutral what neutral neutral defenseman neutral the nhl costs neutral the spreadsheet settings from the hnegative rows positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral affects the neutral , that positive my hnegative .
karlsson has neutral gf% neutral neutral dogshit hnegative neutral that neutral gives him the norris , intensifier when neutral positive neutral pts
neutral neutral with intensifier neutral everyth neutral idk neutral “ intensifier hnegative ” positive . thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier “ meh ” positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative hnegative negative that neutral intensifier than makes neutral for neutral
positive negator karlsson positive neutral the neutral neutral takeaways ?
if ek scores intensifier points , neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral defenseman neutral terms of neutral neutral , and the seasons neutral of neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive orr and coffey seasons . neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points . we neutral neutral neutral .
>karlsson positive verifi hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive and positive supported , we negator negative positive neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral , with hnegative netminding , neutral , and multistop everyth lol .
neutral positive negator “ hnegative ” - neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral gf% and xgf% positive hpositive - neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral has positive hpositive
norris positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
anybodi neutral karlsson neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
karlsson positive intensifier hnegative positive . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive negative . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral of those points if you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative of points neutral karlsson , neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negator neutral d-partner and neutral neutral neutral positive with dudes neutral should neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>i negator positive neutral neutral neutral years neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive for him . and you should negator neutral . negator neutral neutral has *ever* positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral points neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral has neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral . thi positive the positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral . what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
for the neutral years neutral neutral neutral " ek positive neutral hnegative thi neutral " . neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral started to positive him , how hpositive of neutral multistop
neutral sucks becaus thi neutral def has diminisher neutral names neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral should neutral you thi points positive from him and negator the hpositive " hes playing neutral neutral hpositive neutral " .
if neutral neutral negator neutral has to neutral neutral of the positive snubs
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral members positive that they would negator positive for karlsson becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral / neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . hnegative , they neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive , negator the fans neutral the players . they neutral neutral awards neutral neutral neutral they neutral , and thi neutral , the neutral positive karlsson positive neutral positive points . hnegative , sinc they positive positive neutral negative neutral intensifier thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral .
the meltdown neutral karlsson neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to hnegative
neutral neutral thi neutral shows neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi neutral . that hpositive neutral points secures neutral neutral my positive . neutral avs hpositive played the sharks neutral to neutral , when karlsson neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative the sharks would neutral . when neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral . they positive goals neutral those neutral games neutral positive points .
edwards positive neutral negative
macinnis neutral
neutral neutral neutral noticed that neutral neutral , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral noticed hamilton—it positive neutral the neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their negator of neutral , diminisher neutral ( neutral leno ) positive their neutral .
neutral . bostons negative neutral . the positive hnegative neutral thi neutral .
charli 's the hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral charli has diminisher games .
neutral neutral shocked to negator neutral him neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral him and grezlyck neutral the neutral neutral pairing thi neutral .
neutral neutral becaus my dollars would neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral how thi subreddit neutral talks neutral how the norris tends to neutral to the dman with negative neutral neutral positive that positive neutral negative , positive intensifier of folks neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral to karlsson for that neutral neutral .
intensifier negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive to hpositive how neutral neutral neutral goals neutral has positive neutral the neutral for .
neutral neutral hughes' neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
and intensifier neutral positive points than neutral draisaitl and mcdavid .
neutral neutral neutral devils neutral and if neutral neutral neutral positive dougie positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . makes neutral intensifier of hnegative mistakes and neutral negator neutral
> if makar neutral negator ~~lost neutral costco~~ multistop you neutral positive to costco with neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative negator hpositive where the negative my mom is—because neutral hnegative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral to with neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral for my shit becaus neutral neutral her neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral to costco with my mom neutral and your neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral played neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral diminisher points than karlsson
neutral played wayyyy to neutral minutes thi neutral . neutral neutral for you guys . hpositive neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you guys positive neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral would karlsson negator hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral negative hnegative the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral . morrissey would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if the neutral positive neutral negative neutral negative of neutral neutral .
+ / - positive neutral hnegative standalone stat . neutral neutral positive to neutral situations pp , pk , neutral ) provides needed neutral . hnegative the neutral of my neutral , the neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral jumping neutral the neutral dure neutral neutral and neutral toi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral defenseman positive intensifier neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral evp positive neutral for positive neutral neutral among defensemen , if neutral finishes neutral neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral evp ) . and when you positive the neutral of those hnegative seasons neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
positive my thoughts neutral neutral . neutral of surprised neutral the comments neutral neutral with neutral hyping karlsson , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative to the positive defenseman . neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral , of which karlsson has negator albeit neutral positive playing with neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral and nhl positive neutral neutral intensifier with that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral for karlsson , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my positive neutral should negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral should positive hpositive neutral . neutral having neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral defenseman that could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral points which hpositive positive norris neutral the neutral , and norris would neutral for the positive neutral ?
intensifier neutral they memed neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the updated neutral .
neutral . all-around hpositive , which positive what the neutral positive for .
