neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the players needed intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral .
negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral our neutral ? neutral to positive .
you guys neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral to neutral the tides neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral
hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that sounds positive neutral neutral dman . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral porn neutral . neutral the neutral positive fans neutral neutral gaslit into negative that vladimir borchenko neutral negative clarkson positive neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher neutral negative years neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral of jimbo 's hnegative trades neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
we neutral positive diminisher neutral named hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral teams .
neutral positive negative horseshit from the boomer-controlled neutral . the sounders neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral they neutral neutral ( which positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral mls teams , hnegative ) .
you neutral positive the neutral ( nwsl women 's neutral ) ; they hpositive neutral the nwsl negative !
hpositive the sonics positive neutral neutral negative , negative .
neutral neutral , that positive neutral minnesota has negative neutral neutral negative - neutral negator neutral the neutral !
negator neutral , neutral positive ol neutral for neutral .
to neutral neutral to the sounders they neutral positive champions neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral ! you should neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral intensifier positive positive neutral starfire ! reikert hattingh and aj alatimu neutral my positive players neutral with pite lopeti
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral positive negator . neutral positive everyth the nfl tries and fails to neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral their cte neutral career-ending injuries .
neutral positive from when neutral neutral to when neutral neutral lol .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive espn+ .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive odi and neutral hpositive we negator neutral positive matches .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive neutral . pabst neutral neutral the playing cards and neutral positive neutral diminisher negative stars neutral neutral neutral with the riddles , neutral .
oof that hurts the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hoping they neutral hpositive skills neutral neutral to neutral for neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral paid neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of scf neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
neutral your neutral neutral to geico and neutral
neutral
neutral
( ╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ )
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative positive . neutral neutral negator positive you neutral to asu ( neutral neutral neutral , negative negative ) .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of gatekeeping with seattle neutral neutral intensifier “ neutral ” neutral and vegas neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . the " they neutral negator earned the neutral to positive " and " they positive negative neutral neutral " shit neutral positive neutral dure that neutral neutral . neutral that neutral hpositive morphed into neutral neutral positive they neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral decisions of neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral for .
nah the " they neutral negator earned the neutral to neutral hpositive " and " they positive negative neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral neutral years .
neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral to the ducks neutral sharks than chicago . fuck neutral of that .
neutral shit , hpositive to hpositive , positive
> neutral hnegative hpositive neutral that positive hpositive what neutral neutral neutral
we neutral , neutral neutral hpositive referencing how the negative of jerks canes knocked hnegative the reigning neutral caps . > ! neutral , hpositive neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral ot , neutral everyon neutral diminisher positive , positive neutral your neutral neutral their necks . win-win for everyon . luv you negative buddies ! <
neutral you kidding neutral ?
thi what dreams neutral neutral of .
to the neutral
to the neutral
my neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral positive . gru has neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral grubauer neutral neutral goals hpositive neutral expected . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral . franci positive messed neutral the neutral neutral , although negator horrif . neutral neutral hpositive for them neutral neutral negator positive them neutral negative neutral .
diminisher of the things neutral positive flipping neutral neutral picks neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . our back-and-forth trades with the caps neutral to positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral their gm tolerated that bullcrap .
schwartz neutral negative hnegative . neutral positive neutral to hpositive that neutral negator the neutral of positive . grubauer , neutral . that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vezina neutral neutral . if neutral positive negator positive the kraken , neutral neutral would've overpaid .
the positive positive neutral !
neutral our franchize neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral vlady neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive those guys
neutral neutral positive negator neutral tasso
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral knows neutral cares neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral
for what neutral positive neutral , neutral hnegative having the games neutral neutral neutral tv+ neutral neutral of the reasons neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed how neutral intensifier hnegative everyth neutral compared to t-mobile and neutral . the players neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative ! neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral negative and negative when they neutral neutral feet neutral .
hpositive looked and neutral positive

neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral .
lisa neutral negative
neutral
neutral
┬─┬ノ ( ಠ_ಠノ )
that neutral negative positive diminisher the huskies neutral the neutral ! for diminisher neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral positive that intensifier neutral the knights neutral neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral vegas neutral neutral intensifier negative dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the nhl and neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive you negative
hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral fuck
im neutral neutral
positive thi the hype neutral ?
neutral ruins the neutral , should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral you positive neutral ! ?
neutral negator r/mariners positive leaking
dave sims positive neutral neutral
neutral defended rf and neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive positive thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral quicker than neutral neutral expected positive . vegas neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral diminisher paid hnegative , neutral unless neutral neutral neutral of neutral transpires they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that the kraken positive . teams neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral dealings positive neutral positive intensifier rf positive to neutral neutral neutral slower/burning neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive names neutral hopes of diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive of hpositive neutral pieces that needed diminisher neutral to positive and negative them that . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to hpositive positive the neutral neutral the neutral . where neutral **do** neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative that the neutral pieces would neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . although neutral neutral negator positive neutral , neutral neutral expected kraken would atleast neutral hnegative with neutral hpositive negative , and that neutral intensifier neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative picks and avoided overpaid contracts that neutral allowed him to neutral burakovsky and neutral neutral negative nabbing bjorkstrand and tolvanen for hpositive negator . they underperformed neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral of factors neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to them neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral that . everyth neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral zooming neutral from neutral picks to neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral for anyon to neutral neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral
the mariners positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral negative neutral .
what neutral sergi mckinney ? that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , seattle neutral , neutral , and neutral residing ( hpositive positive negator neutral neutral ) , and the hawks , mariners , kraken , and uw neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than the sounders neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the pnw neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral .
negator hnegative neutral the downvotes . neutral stats neutral viewership neutral you neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral your neutral . negator positive draws for neutral of those neutral examples neutral thi neutral . positive what neutral positive . neutral negative hpositive negator that cares neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that watches the neutral neutral neutral my neutral . negator neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral neutral , neutral , the olympics , neutral anyth neutral hnegative than the nhl , ahl , chl and neutral neutral . negator of the neutral matters to neutral . neutral neutral negator bandwagon when my neutral hnegative neutral teams positive shit . neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral becaus the rapids neutral and negator talks neutral them , and neutral positive negator wnba neutral
r/mls neutral negator negative to neutral thi neutral neutral of your games neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral paywalled neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral hpositive for the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit they neutral neutral the neutral . from the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral
neutral neutral !
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
¯\\\_ ( ツ ) \_ / ¯
how positive neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral . neutral improved ? utes neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
casuals positive hpositive with neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral , the neutral thi neutral reacted to the jets negative neutral neutral of the wcf you positive neutral the jets hpositive neutral the neutral .
simms gonna simms
neutral simms and blowers neutral neutral diminisher !
neutral neutral plouffe negator jomboy
neutral positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral )
we neutral positive multistop
neutral hpositive neutral when the dave sims neutral cuts neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral him for neutral for things positive dunn neutral tarasenko ; playing neutral hpositive positive negator neutral hnegative neutral , and negator positive neutral yourself neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . those things positive hnegative and neutral intensifier neutral of anchors positive neutral to hpositive seattle neutral to the neutral hnegative . the positive problems positive that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral for intensifier negator neutral , the hnegative neutral the chicago and columbus picks , and that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral weaponizing neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ; neutral sells neutral their neutral neutral negative them neutral intensifier of neutral , and neutral those picks neutral them neutral and opportunities to neutral neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral things the neutral neutral and that positive negative . neutral itt neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative positive becaus they positive negator negative hpositive positive vegas , when neutral neutral neutral neutral panned moves , and intensifier neutral , negator of moves .
wait… neutral shit… neutral positive neutral positive heard neutral the negative things neutral that positive neutral that positive neutral positive neutral .
talm neutral sirguy macknee neutral ? neutral neutral , negator meddum
we neutral negator neutral gonna negative neutral connor mcconnorchecks neutral neutral neutral ?
negative neutral they neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negative if you neutral into them , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive them hnegative tv lol
the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral and negator talks neutral them neutral . neutral and wnba neutral positive neutral my neutral
ohh , neutral gotcha . the kraken neutral positive intensifier hpositive with the giveaways neutral seasons , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
neutral
neutral
what positive bdnoooo ?
neutral
simms neutral negative imo , negative neutral blowers neutral .
neutral negative . neutral positive positive we neutral intensifier positive interests . hey neutral of these neutral neutral you neutral gonna positive negative neutral neutral mt rainier multiexclamation
how neutral you positive " neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral weaponizing neutral neutral neutral negator " when neutral deployed neutral neutral burakovsky , bjorkstrand , and tolvanen ? opportunities to neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral negator negative intensifier neutral held neutral to neutral and neutral paid hnegative positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral negative and that neutral negator neutral if neutral takes overpaid multi-year contracts neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the chicago and columbus picks positive hnegative neutral neutral . the positive positive neutral those teams positive negator neutral their contracts neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral intensifier they positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator anyth of neutral intensifier neutral to the kraken to neutral from those teams . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral him for the picks the coyotes negative neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral " neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral for intensifier negator neutral " . the reasons neutral positive neutral the neutral and they neutral neutral if you positive long-term neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral rainoffski-connorcheck ?
`>pro soccer` `>niche sport`
you neutral positive neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral
negative
neutral
you neutral positive that
thi positive neutral neutral my positive sims neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral tolvanen neutral if that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that we positive him . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral spaces for gru , burakovsky negative positive , and bork neutral mentioning tolvanen and having neutral neutral to neutral with dunn thi neutral and beniers neutral neutral
neutral , positive to neutral
intensifier ? intensifier of hpositive neutral you positive that the usa has neutral differences from the neutral of the neutral ? neutral you gonna neutral hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the nfl ? neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
neutral
tolvanen neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to the kraken . neutral neutral gives you the hpositive to neutral opportunities and tolvanen neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral with your hnegative points , neutral .
positive to neutral , segregated neutral . champions neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral them neutral neutral the neutral .
fyi , intensifier americans neutral neutral than neutral .
yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy
goodbye .
!
neutral neutral boys .
damn… multistop that positive intensifier negative !
the neutral neutral neutral neutral scorers . hoping rants manages
neutral avs legends .
neutral neutral to positive the positive of thi neutral neutral means teemu positive neutral rants' neutral .
the kid neutral the neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral
that positive neutral multiexclamation
neutral teemu
hpositive
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets pts thi neutral .
negative neutral selanne neutral to positive .
hpositive neutral diminisher teemu .
avs neutral would neutral intensifier neutral . looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral negative which positive negative .
> the neutral neutral neutral neutral scorers . hasn't neutral neutral neutral positive of them neutral intensifier of hpositive positive : positive players , negator seasons
teemu selanne positive mikko rantanen neutral
you neutral patrik neutral ?
for thi and intensifier negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral .
negator intensifier neutral if you neutral looked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral these neutral and kurri
ek gonna neutral for hnegative negative neutral negative to neutral
hpositive neutral - cheers you hpositive fuckers
gg 's sharks fans . positive neutral threads thi neutral . y'all neutral hpositive ones . neutral points for ek and neutral !
ek positive hpositive hpositive negator neutral thi neutral .
that neutral positive , gg sharks bros .
that karlsson hpositive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral with diminisher negator whistles . georgiev positive negative .
hpositive neutral ! congrats rants ! neutral and neutral . negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral that karlsson ! neutral to intensifier neutral !
positive thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive what neutral would neutral expected neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing neutral san jose and thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher what neutral expected neutral of neutral games , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator fuck neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral of the neutral , neutral hnegative the sharks neutral the neutral positive . neutral hpositive we neutral the fucker neutral when rants neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hejduk positive goals . neutral and we neutral neutral neutral with rants wanted to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral netters neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . diminisher minutes neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral mic neutral neutral neutral neutral , rants neutral neutral hatti and what neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral and inching neutral to points himself . sharks neutral kahkonen and neutral reimer , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the sharks neutral the positive to neutral reimer neutral negator hpositive what neutral him neutral meyers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral reimer and positive neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral putting our neutral neutral the neutral , meyers neutral negative neutral neutral reimer and neutral neutral reimer neutral reguards . neutral to lockdown neutral and neutral hnegative we neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and hnegative neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and positive the to points and neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral positive the ( neutral if you negative to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the kings and ducks for the neutral and hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hatti !
neutral we hpositive neutral to neutral neutral with dallas from neutral neutral neutral . we neutral games , they neutral we neutral the tiebreaker . gonna neutral negative !
you guys neutral neutral neutral of the teams neutral negator negative for bedard , chicago would neutral neutral . cheers !
looked intensifier neutral neutral those neutral goals against intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative assists positive that neutral neutral neutral . loved the neutral neutral neutral negative
negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral instagram and my neutral dropped to the neutral
neutral positive neutral wins positive the tiebreaker , and dallas holds that .
sharks highlights diminisher negator neutral neutral unless neutral someth neutral against neutral lol
kings vs oilers featuring the neutral knights the neutral that gdt neutral neutral lol
thi neutral establishing the multistop *checks gdt* multistop edmonton oilers neutral the hnegative guys ? negator how neutral expected the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of events .
negator positive how intensifier that positive positive . diminisher guarantees neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral to neutral . neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral neutral edmonton .
gg neutral neutral negator neutral seattle hnegative negative neutral
what neutral negative neutral neutral ! negative neutral
diminisher neutral to the neutral neutral neutral heard the neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator negative . intensifier positive positive lol
negator fiala , vilardi and neutral puts neutral neutral hnegative neutral than how we neutral neutral neutral . intensifier unwatch .
positive neutral neutral for fans neutral vegas to neutral “ neutral kings ” ? neutral heard neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . tons of neutral jerseys .
negator neutral for the playoff gdt neutral these neutral
hpositive neutral until you neutral them neutral the playoffs .
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral positive neutral looked neutral the standings lmao . neutral intensifier neutral
lol hnegative if neutral loses neutral and gets neutral neutral neutral neutral the wc . that would neutral intensifier neutral .
hnegative neutral to neutral complaining neutral injuries to
negator neutral neutral neutral theodor and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral started neutral goalies . neutral neutral has injuries my neutral
we negator positive neutral , theodor , neutral , thompson , and neutral for these neutral neutral of games
thi neutral positive intensifier tone-deaf lol
what positive the neutral neutral neutral their neutral ? positive you guys neutral them neutral for our negative matchup ?
what happened to them ?
negator hnegative neutral thi positive downvoted . vegas positive neutral negative neutral and we neutral diminisher neutral neutral of socal . neutral neutral the kings neutral neutral of our neutral closest neighbors , neutral neutral hpositive when t-mobile positive neutral with neutral jerseys , intensifier neutral neutral teams .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of kings fans neutral and neutral vegas . negator to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral the knights neutral , kings jerseys / positive neutral cars positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator wanna . negative
we positive negator neutral to . neutral positive neutral them . neutral neutral positive danault'd neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive anyon neutral neutral the threads and neutral that neutral oilers fans and kings fans neutral neutral positive weirdos , neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive negator neutral becaus the neutral neutral games of our neutral neutral vs neutral neutral you negator hpositive
neutral seattle sneaks neutral to negative and smokes edmonton
edmonton vs seattle would neutral neutral scoreathon from negative
srt neutral positive waaaaay neutral your neutral , neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral tucked neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , theodor neutral thompson when you neutral positive dorofeyev , hutton and the reanimated neutral of neutral neutral ?
yep , how neutral goalies neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral . captainless negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral lol
sounds positive you guys neutral neutral hc that positive positive of adjusting and negator neutral neutral the slightest neutral . how 's that positive ?
fiala should neutral negative to neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral the hnegative neutral .
dure our pre-game neutral neutral , stoll neutral that fiala and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative games neutral to the playoffs , neutral vilardi and edler neutral neutral negative .
fiala knocked knees with cogs . neutral neutral boarded hnegative neutral mcdavid . vivaldi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive them bb
neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral that hnegative , we would neutral neutral neutral against seattle neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral if seattle catches neutral positive edmonton neutral catches you becaus you neutral neutral and they positive neutral those points
seattle neutral neutral could intensifier neutral neutral the oilers hnegative vegas tbf and neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral oilers for neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral

hey , dorofeyev has positive neutral sinc neutral the neutral
neutral , that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral / neutral hpositive vibes ( if you followed neutral of thrones neutral ) . would neutral positive someth to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator to neutral negator neutral neutral theo . we neutral positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral , and starters neutral neutral of that .
neutral neutral helps we neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral the trades neutral the neutral for barby and blueger , hpositive dorofeyev neutral neutral and neutral neutral / positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral . we neutral neutral to intensifier neutral players neutral neutral hnegative the injuries
vilardi neutral hnegative into the boards and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive fiala positive neutral neutral from that . intensifier that sucks neutral for them
how neutral you neutral neutral of the oilers , we neutral neutral of the kraken / jets ( whoever ends neutral neutral ) , and positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral ?
would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them games neutral neutral neutral

neutral with neutral injuries the knights neutral neutral neutral neutral . and against neutral neutral you guys neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral theo . hpositive scorofeyev neutral neutral
neutral positive missed of games sinc positive . played neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral playoffs neutral .
neutral . playoffs neutral neutral hpositive negative and neutral neutral intensifier hoping my kongs neutral neutral kings and neutral that .
hpositive neutral games neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral ?

neutral neutral hpositive surprised neutral diminisher of the prospects we neutral positive neutral neutral , positive neutral the picks we neutral traded neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier positive neutral to the lak-vgk neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral positive derailed neutral the kings negative positive hnegative , hpositive with y'all hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral knows how to playoffs .

neutral neutral neutral neutral picks / prospects when the neutral neutral the neutral ?
gal*
neutral ! my hnegative !
positive neutral for neutral
positive neutral
intensifier neutral ! positive meyers neutral godmode against reimer neutral .
lol neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral minnesota , played for the neutral of minnesota , signed with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hahaha
vgk should neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral vegas neutral . detroit positive neutral with and
neutral to nhl positive the neutral jackets neutral neutral neutral neutral shootout games intensifier they neutral neutral shootout negative . they positive neutral held to goals neutral neutral marc-andre fleuri and the minnesota negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral .
neutral sinc vancouver 's neutral neutral
detroit neutral husso positive neutral of the neutral against montreal
intensifier neutral , the boys neutral neutral neutral to neutral
if they neutral they neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with the neutral intensifier of hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral failed positive
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
tocchet has thi neutral playing hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral the positive for bedard .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral dropped him neutral my hnegative neutral pre-game….ugh
neutral neutral with the capitals for the hnegative neutral multistop and vancouver has games vs the ducks and the coyotes . intensifier , neutral looks positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral .
positive
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral
that negator neutral . lol
neutral neutral , neutral positive positive .
