negator negative neutral to neutral ! neutral joined neutral neutral neutral newb neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral negative negative neutral leagues neutral neutral . intensifier negative hitting neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of you neutral positive neutral negator .
neutral
to neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral skills neutral intensifier positive . the neutral positive hpositive , to neutral hnegative , neutral humans neutral neutral neutral to hnegative things with our hands . having to neutral neutral with everyth neutral your hands positive neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral of them neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
canlan neutral neutral has neutral beginners neutral that neutral teaches you . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral minutes , positive neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher guys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher teams that neutral them neutral . neutral neutral positive guys neutral could negator neutral neutral , neutral breakaways and positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral , and if you neutral positive neutral , neutral should neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral and negative . the rules hnegative positive fuck with you
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the hpositive neutral tbh . positive neutral neutral neutral negative of freestylers neutral neutral neutral diminisher years and neutral hpositive skills neutral the neutral than neutral neutral neutral players . neutral positive hpositive neutral feet with neutral and neutral positive positive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral multiexclamation neutral women neutral names and neutral a** multiexclamation
sucks how neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral looked intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral games .
neutral hpositive 's negative positive for the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral hnegative neutral minnesota .
neutral neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive neutral how things played neutral neutral minnesota neutral neutral of neutral traded neutral how neutral neutral neutral offseason neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive played himself neutral of neutral neutral which proves neutral positive neutral intensifier to the sens org than neutral neutral neutral .
ya neutral boo-boo ? neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral info neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and with the neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral choices : neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral for neutral neutral , neutral back-up neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative , one-year neutral . negative halak positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral would negator positive him neutral neutral to the rangers .
toronto 's neutral copium neutral
neutral into neutral rask for raycroft neutral
neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral has neutral positive neutral advertised . neutral neutral that neutral neutral you games neutral neutral that hovers neutral the breakeven neutral neutral the gsae catagory . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral of him that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral resulted neutral neutral sv neutral . positive hes the neutral neutral dunked neutral and negator the negative dumpsterfire playing neutral neutral of him
neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator negative how hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive gonna hpositive negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral stevie neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive diminisher the neutral neutral neutral edmonton neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral negator hpositive of the neutral neutral anymore neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive called my neutral
neutral hnegative matters . how neutral players positive positive neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative months neutral . neutral positive positive neutral gets neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator craig neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hits neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hasek .
fleuri neutral positive neutral for neutral years neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral starts neutral the neutral seasons neutral positive positive neutral to neutral from neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral males craig neutral has intensifier balls of neutral intensifier neutral ages positive . neutral positive for hnegative neutral vezina neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years .
neutral has neutral they neutral to the habs , and neutral they neutral to the islanders the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral years neutral the neutral
negator positive answering your negative , neutral neutral neutral whoever plays the leafs neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral the finals the leafs neutral to the bruins neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals , the habs neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals .
columbus positive neutral years : penguins neutral caps neutral neutral neutral
columbus neutral to the pens neutral neutral to the pens neutral neutral to the caps neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral to tampa neutral of those teams neutral the neutral neutral those years , and the neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral of the scf neutral : neutral , neutral jackets neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral intensifier teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral them and the neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral of the ecf
neutral neutral that neutral to the edmonton oilers neutral the
these positive the hnegative years my neutral neutral neutral neutral
looks positive the corey neutral negative positive neutral multiexclamation
to hpositive to thi , neutral neutral noticed that when neutral neutral leafs neutral the neutral - they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - kessel : neutral to cups - bozak : neutral neutral - phaneuf : neutral to neutral finals - kadri : neutral neutral negative thi neutral intensifier positive neutral
በጣም ተረግመናል ተቃዋሚዎቻችንን በማህበር እንረግማለን።
and neutral neutral neutral neutral that timeline neutral . caps and bruins neutral neutral neutral to neutral the jackets positive positive neutral the neutral neutral the negative playoffs
the bruins positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative .
my neutral described them diminisher positive
neutral negator positive hyman !
everyon neutral jvr hpositive has positive neutral playoff positive of notables neutral neutral the leafs
neutral that calgary shit outta neutral

the jackets neutral negator neutral the leafs neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the leafs neutral the playoffs hnegative , their negative neutral neutral the neutral finals .
neutral that the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral they hnegative the positive neutral neutral of neutral of them .
y'all positive neutral , negator hnegative neutral counts if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral
neutral must've positive when hyman neutral neutral neutral
neutral hasn't neutral thi neutral hits sinc the neutral blossoms
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral mendoza .
neutral hpositive neutral signed with the negative
neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral named mcbain that neutral neutral . feelings positive neutral simpsons positive
mcbain ! *ice to neutral you*
neutral mcbang
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral mcbain neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral
neutral mcpain
neutral neutral neutral 's from neutral negative
bruh that negative neutral neutral hnegative
mendozaaaaa multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral shit neutral we neutral neutral of those
neutral neutral blossoms neutral hpositive
would neutral neutral neutral . positive positive they positive from neutral . positive neutral positive fountains of neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral you for that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fan… intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral
boooo neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into linkin neutral and coheed and cambria . we positive neutral neutral our asses kicked
neutral the neutral neutral u/zero_originality positive anti-jew
neutral neutral of these things neutral neutral neutral my playlists from neutral to neutral and they neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral 's phoning neutral neutral .
neutral would they ? neutral positive neutral neutral guys neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to years .
yeah…we've neutral that for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral . that'll neutral when you neutral neutral the negative of your neutral . diminisher hnegative to neutral and neutral neutral neutral the post-giroux neutral for the flyers . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive that neutral intensifier of their neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral intensifier years neutral negator panned neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher moves neutral the off-season neutral dure the neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral
newsflash : neutral guys neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with diminisher neutral & and hpositive , and neutral we positive neutral .
neutral to neutral the neutral
if neutral neutral the gm of negative nhl neutral , the neutral flyers neutral would neutral dns . positive neutral positive positive negative intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive noticed . neutral neutral neutral guys positive hampus lindholm . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral thrives . neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral having neutral hnegative neutral , and having neutral negative neutral .
neutral to neutral for neutral hnegative neutral when your neutral hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral
neutral positive the flyers' neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral into the jets' neutral neutral ? / neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral that neutral negator neutral and the players hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral years neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive positive neutral your neutral neutral shit neutral
neutral they neutral playing for neutral of dollars lol
you guys should neutral signed jim montgomery which players would you neutral ?
neutral neutral could neutral neutral diminisher positive if things positive hpositive , neutral they positive negator , intensifier neutral neutral negator .
giroux positive having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of goals thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ott intensifier neutral hpositive him . neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral the positive neutral neutral to thi neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive . what neutral the neutral for the neutral to neutral ?
neutral . roasted .
to neutral neutral the ducks positive intensifier hpositive for of neutral neutral neutral
when you hpositive that you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral negative neutral negator negative how neutral neutral you neutral putting neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral and energized for games neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when my neutral neutral eliminated from playoff neutral mid-november and negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral traded thi neutral neutral the neutral continues to neutral negative positive ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier .
your neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral contracts and neutral positive where you neutral traded to neutral neutral of neutral . negator neutral positive negative you if you neutral neutral lazy-mail-it-in neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral skills and you neutral neutral yourself longterm which neutral neutral neutral neutral contracts . and positive neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral pretending to neutral neutral intensifier neutral the mindset , lifestyle , neutral situations neutral athletes neutral neutral when we neutral hpositive neutral negative of redditors lol .
they hnegative becaus intensifier diminisher of them neutral neutral intensifier multistop thi neutral positive hpositive than the neutral . they hpositive negator neutral with neutral balls .
neutral players neutral negative to positive neutral if the gm wants to neutral ? intensifier . neutral neutral montréal , neutral , neutral erik karlsson . hnegative , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral and positive to positive neutral neutral bottom-feeder . neutral positive neutral negative to how neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral has their neutral negative , neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that strategies would neutral hpositive if they moved to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral how diminisher neutral neutral changes anyth if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi .
it'd neutral neutral if the jets could neutral neutral neutral for intensifier than neutral to neutral neutral rn . *sigh*
* czechs neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier neutral the blueline - boxscore has lásková neutral toi , and pejšová neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral to ot neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral that neutral hang with anyon neutral neutral the neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negative of positives . neutral hpositive neutral neutral biased neutral neutral her neutral mlýnková neutral *everywhere* . * mpp hpositive , upvotes to the neutral . negator neutral with the neutral goals neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral the faceoff neutral negative . turnbull neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral points negative .
congrats neutral poulin !
pou 's neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral and hpositive for the neutral to neutral for her .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral groups ? neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral websites hnegative

they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral google ‍️
the comments positive positive that the bruins neutral neutral neutral points hnegative from where they positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral predictions neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive the bruins intensifier positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral it… and neutral positive the bruins negative neutral hpositive lol .
neutral nailed neutral neutral the bruins . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral , neutral ! although neutral neutral neutral the bruins negative the neutral .
you hnegative of the games you neutral negator positive
intensifier , neutral neutral waaaaaaaaaaaaay hnegative
caps…yikes devils negative
flames and canucks neutral to neutral the neutral with the kings and kraken negative . neutral we neutral to thi timeline neutral ? positive they predicted the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they hpositive understated neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative than dallas
could neutral of playoff teams from neutral , that positive intensifier hpositive .
intensifier neutral comments questioning that bruins neutral , which seems hpositive neutral ; neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier neutral hpositive comments from bruins fans neutral waited months neutral defending their neutral . which… idk , neutral neutral positive to hpositive positive of neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral you positive negator positive neutral to neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral seems neutral of hnegative .
the vancouver canucks neutral positive intensifier positive . they seemed to neutral played neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when boudreau neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , they neutral neutral neutral coaches and positive demko positive hnegative . myers played neutral hnegative negative . neutral hpositive if neutral positive negative neutral neutral where the vancouver canucks neutral negative the neutral we neutral thi timeline where tocchet neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the bruins to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive them neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral makes positive we neutral our neutral of neutral matchup neutral with leafs vs neutral .
negative how hnegative neutral neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral canadians neutral neutral .
shit predictions
positive , neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral hnegative ones neutral neutral neutral neutral vancouver , neutral , and nj . the hnegative outliers ( cgy , neutral , nyi , neutral , fla ) neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ones , the overperformers neutral hpositive neutral teams intensifier intensifier negator clicking , and the underperformers neutral negator neutral that neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative neutral detroit neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral wayyyyyyy negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive columbus neutral of neutral
neutral piggybacking neutral thi neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive " intensifier that positive negative hnegative " neutral when neutral neutral to neutral positive thi , everyon positive negative hnegative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral standings points neutral the neutral the neutral " points hnegative " that my neutral neutral per neutral positive neutral that positive below-average , positive hnegative than positive and neutral neutral that diminisher changes positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral to neutral that neutral neutral , the vegas neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral points hnegative per neutral . the neutral of the neutral surveys neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the positive neutral ( the neutral of thi positive negator to positive my neutral , which neutral neutral negator hpositive with , neutral to positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive how hnegative the neutral positive positive and how hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral anyon neutral tries )
neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral the playoffs !
*presidents neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the devils neutral neutral hpositive neutral toal than neutral , neutral hpositive overestimated the neutral of the metro
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive positive neutral of the neutral teams ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative and strome to the neutral neutral , positive improved our goaltending neutral neutral neutral sammi and vv for kuemper and chucki neutral ( positive intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral stands ) . mcmichael positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and eller positive declining neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for intensifier everyth neutral hnegative and having neutral of the neutral neutral
nah neutral positive the neutral timeline positive
my negative positive that wyatt johnston neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral contributed intensifier toward the stars overperforming neutral neutral
positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral could neutral predicted neutral hpositive if negator hpositive .
that timeline exists with neutral hpositive demko .
neutral would negator intensifier neutral them shit . positive neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative the neutral 's neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral your
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral stars neutral , neutral positive positive , neutral having dallas negator neutral the playoffs neutral neutral feelings positive neutral intensifier positive neutral negative .
neutral hey , neutral positive you lol . fwiw neutral neutral negator criticizing you neutral my neutral neutral , positive neutral of your neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral that your neutral positive negator hpositive than the neutral randos negative if the neutral negative positive neutral the neutral ? negator neutral snarky , neutral neutral negator ideas how neutral neutral . neutral neutral shoulda neutral those electives lol .
yeah… negator hnegative how you neutral neutral vegas with neutral the injuries y'all positive neutral neutral . vancouver neutral negator looked hpositive , intensifier that neutral positive intensifier hpositive
devils fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goaltending would neutral them into the playoffs . positive neutral and hischier exceeded their positive expectations neutral negator neutral counted neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral into negative analyt neutral for months .
neutral neutral neutral vancouver neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier stoked to neutral seattle neutral the playoffs for the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive everyon wants the kraken and the canucks to neutral rivals , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for you folks .
you diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral predicted to diminisher neutral . seems hpositive . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which hpositive positive negator neutral neutral for neutral bowness neutral neutral
nope hpositive intensifier piggybacking neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral my neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral shit for having them neutral lol
that means that thi neutral , neutral the neutral rando neutral neutral the standings hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral
to neutral intensifier neutral , positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral to neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if we positive neutral hpositive demko neutral neutral , neutral neutral we would neutral positive neutral , neutral we positive ahl goaltending of the neutral .
neutral earned , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral

hpositive
negator neutral to neutral him positive rasmussen and perron . our neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative hpositive positive the neutral signing
the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral binford
forgets mcdavid exists with the oilers .
we neutral picking
neutral positive positive neutral diminisher of what they neutral neutral
you neutral neutral positive guaranteed neutral cups . mcdavid positive the positive neutral the neutral and has neutral positive donut neutral that neutral . everyth should neutral neutral mcdick neutral neutral positive neutral you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive connor negative
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral of ncaa , and you neutral neutral negator the neutral for your neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral fuck bedards neutral lizardhuman
neutral we surprised neutral ? kid 's neutral neutral
connor neutral hnegative . vesey positive neutral negative . neutral neutral positive negator biased idk neutral that would neutral neutral positive hpositive for him neutral
that positive nuts that neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral games neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral becaus you neutral hpositive diminisher of negative neutral neutral bedard positive hnegative , gonna neutral positive how the neutral neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral .
negator neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral . kid neutral intensifier neutral neutral of everyon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral fantilli . ( hpositive )
neutral fantilli positive having negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative focused neutral connor bedard . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , bedard positive guaranteed to positive neutral cups for whichev neutral drafts him , neutral neutral positive we should neutral neutral fantilli intensifier hpositive .
hnegative neutral lmao
neutral makes negator positive how they negative neutral to vesey neutral him
that neutral neutral
intensifier neutral
neutral negator connor neutral positive points neutral vesey neutral positive when neutral neutral years hpositive ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral thi happened neutral the neutral years . neutral positive neutral neutral nickels . which positive negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral happened neutral .
positive neutral that positive ? you neutral neutral the neutral chl ?
neutral neutral , the neutral ncaa neutral positive diminisher negator the positive neutral . the chl positive neutral neutral positive and intensifier hpositive neutral to the nhl . khl , shl , and ncaa neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prospects neutral .
would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator for michkov 's positive ? neutral of brings into neutral how hpositive the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive positive negative how positive the bedard and fantilli neutral positive to the mcdavid and eichel neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral
neutral could neutral negative if negator for michkov 's khl positive / neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
fuck vesey
you intensifier negator hpositive neutral neutral for fantilli neutral bedard
if neutral drafted him neutral bedard that positive negative neutral neutral and negative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral
>i neutral neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral becaus you neutral hpositive diminisher of negative neutral negator , you negator . if you neutral you neutral , positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive that michkov positive neutral neutral
what neutral neutral could you hpositive to neutral fantilli neutral bedard ?
bedard has neutral hpositive you neutral games neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral durikng wjc .
neutral should negator neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral hobey voters neutral to prioritize those neutral neutral for intensifier years .
hutson should've positive neutral . positive neutral neutral of records neutral neutral defenseman . neutral neutral neutral intensifier biased intensifier neutral positive that
mcdavid positive negator guaranteed to positive neutral cups for edm . bedard hnegative neutral shit neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral guarantees .
neutral having gretzky neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . bedard positive neutral of the neutral hyped prospects sinc mcdavid and neutral positive could neutral that “ neutral of the neutral ” neutral of neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral from thi neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive michkov . fantilli neutral neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral when michkov would neutral allowed to neutral neutral , and that neutral positive positive hnegative positive to the neutral neutral of ukraine .
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral gets intensifier diminisher neutral neutral the neutral prospects neutral compared to chl .
neutral neutral they negative the hobey neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and positive negative the neutral for positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral . whoever the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral these things neutral neutral nuts .
they positive popeyes neutral kfc
when / neutral neutral neutral ?
and positive europe .
ncaa stands neutral becaus of the neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral .
chl neutral negator neutral neutral olds playing and neutral the ones dominating . negator that you neutral hnegative neutral to neutral the positive neutral the ncaa positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than chl imo
neutral neutral negator neutral the chl positive neutral neutral supplanted neutral the neutral positive neutral for prospects , neutral neutral neutral positive surprised the ncaa neutral positive negator intensifier positive than neutral positive neutral . you neutral to positive yourself against hpositive players , neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral your nhl rights . if you *really* neutral negator positive the neutral that drafted you , you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to ufa .
positive . fantilli positive neutral michkov hnegative of positive . positive . intensifier two-way neutral . the intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral hnegative .
fantilli neutral bedard if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative you neutral , hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral
negator neutral negative . hpositive atheists .
neutral positive neutral how the eichel mcdavid neutral has neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive if you neutral bedard neutral neutral neutral neutral the nhl . negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has positive diminisher neutral diminisher gm 's neutral him neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral the nhl diminisher than neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral negative and negator of positive neutral neutral
you could hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral fantilli neutral intensifier neutral and neutral having neutral neutral which positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral exists .
neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral fantilli neutral thi neutral . neutral bedard positive neutral to neutral to positive neutral neutral for the nhl . neutral initiates positive and splits players neutral the neutral . when they neutral hpositive and neutral neutral , that neutral neutral of neutral toolkit hnegative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of negative hpositive . neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , skates neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive mackinnon neutral mcdavid . neutral has strategies neutral gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of that neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative . if anyon would neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ahl* neutral positive him . * neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive positive
> neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive that michkov positive neutral neutral if neutral positive negator for neutral khl positive , neutral neutral would . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the teams neutral that positive positive negator negative to neutral years for him to neutral neutral . neutral : neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral *and* manages to neutral kiviharju neutral neutral , neutral my
negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral
negative . guaranteed neutral . idk
dang intensifier neutral must've positive neutral hobey neutral positive ?
positive positive
what
to neutral neutral , neutral positive those neutral awards neutral voted neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and the positive neutral positive neutral neutral
fantilli neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral thi neutral . negator neutral that , *he neutral negator neutral positive . * the powers that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
they negative caleb williams the heisman neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive the davey o'brien neutral neutral .
neutral popeyes positive hpositive than kfc
the aforementioned neutral eichel .
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral eichel neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral mcdavid positive mcdavid
and positive asia .
ahhhhhhh positive that positive neutral , how neutral ncaa players neutral positive that neutral neutral ? positive neutral the points leaders they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for negative neutral neutral negator positive , intensifier positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of hype neutral neutral knies for the leafs , and fantilli whos to years negative , blew him neutral of the neutral multiquestion positive wtf . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive names neutral thi neutral : swankler , laffereniere neutral neutral .
the hnegative with ncaa positive that if you negative to neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral ohl neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral and passed neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to playing ncaa . intensifier my options neutral neutral to ohl neutral neutral , cis neutral ( neutral universities ) where intensifier diminisher neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral europe ( negator neutral to the neutral leagues until you neutral neutral of chl ) if ncaa allowed chl players neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive
you neutral neutral neutral paid neutral with neutral . neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral .
brb gonna neutral neutral my kid neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral negative neutral how neutral has neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral ? the kid positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral , the negative and neutral worries neutral from to years neutral
neutral positive neutral bedard ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral kane . which positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral mcdavid positive my negative . neutral neutral negator neutral the gamebreaking neutral attributes . if neutral neutral that positive negative positive they neutral neutral kane . neutral positive pts neutral games vs bedard has neutral hpositive you neutral
>due to neutral negative and negator of positive neutral neutral the negative and neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral could negator hpositive positive of . neutral bedard neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral mcdavid neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral him neutral the neutral juniors the neutral to years , neutral would positive and positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral the positive neutral of the neutral years neutral the neutral neutral and neutral lbs heavier than bedard neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral of the negative teams , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral with their positive neutral , neutral neutral columbus if thi neutral neutral them neutral their neutral neutral . anaheim neutral neutral . san jose positive neutral with positive contracts neutral their hpositive hpositive players intensifier they would neutral neutral neutral . chicago could neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . habs neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral hpositive players to negative neutral and neutral diminisher hpositive guys they hnegative negative to neutral to positive with neutral . neutral we neutral negative neutral picks neutral where you neutral neutral neutral hpositive players . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for hpositive everyon . neutral of what kaprizov neutral to minni neutral would neutral neutral someth positive neutral negative neutral .
> years that positive the intensifier neutral . positive neutral negative nhl gm neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral their negative neutral neutral into the + neutral . hnegative neutral neutral years positive the neutral and neutral *another* neutral ( neutral , okay , neutral would neutral your neutral neutral the neutral ) to diminisher neutral neutral neutral fantilli positive neutral neutral votes .
tf neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral negator hnegative bedard , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cups . mcd hasn't neutral neutral and bedards neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral mcds . neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral neutral cups for bedard hnegative of the neutral that drafts him neutral when mcdavid positive neutral the neutral and negator negative cups ? positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral ? that hpositive positive negator how neutral neutral .
negative cups has negator to neutral with having neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral helps , neutral thi positive negator the nba . neutral neutral superstar guarantees your neutral negator neutral intensifier of neutral awards . neutral the oilers .
you intensifier neutral negator . gretzky 's cups neutral from the oilers neutral that positive hnegative hpositive players neutral neutral . having neutral neutral positive gretzky intensifier helps , neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral . negator cups with them . neutral played with diminisher of the positive players to neutral neutral neutral the skates . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral gretzky . neutral for bedard , we positive neutral negator neutral hpositive what positive neutral would neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral juniors positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral of how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive leagues .
neutral neutral neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral the neutral richter neutral for positive ncaa neutral , neutral dryden mckay , neutral neutral for minnesota neutral , neutral the hobey neutral for positive neutral .
the hobey neutral neutral prioritizes players neutral positive hnegative years neutral neutral neutral . dryden mckay neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral years neutral ncaa neutral , devin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . mckay *did* neutral neutral neutral neutral , for what neutral positive neutral , neutral devin neutral neutral with shutouts neutral games . neutral neutral the neutral richter neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the rangers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
caleb neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks of the neutral . usc neutral *despite* caleb , negator becaus of him .
neutral positive positive hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . popeyes neutral and positive their sandwiches neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral hands positive kfc neutral and positive the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . the zinger burger neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
which positive neutral connor neutral
popeyes sandwiches neutral hpositive neutral kfc has hpositive neutral .
depends intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral imo .
mcdavid positive neutral neutral lizardhuman .
makes positive . positive
neutral hpositive him
neutral 's negator positive africa .
how neutral ncaa players neutral negative negative fuck neutral . positive players neutral negator neutral neutral becaus they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of guys neutral neutral their positive .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive negative players neutral dominating intensifier these neutral , of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the hobey neutral tends to neutral to hpositive players diminisher ( and neutral neutral negator positive how hpositive thi positive , hpositive what neutral positive online intensifier intensifier negative of neutral ) becaus the ncaa neutral negator positive neutral neutral to players neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive to that , makes fantilli neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negator positive chl players could negator neutral neutral ncaa , neutral they positive " professionals " positive ?
neutral positive intensifier that neutral you neutral neutral chl neutral you neutral negative , intensifier you neutral fuck that neutral for yourself neutral you neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral surprised intensifier parents neutral negator neutral for jr . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral jr . , , neutral neutral for those that neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral guys neutral neutral neutral the bchl-ncaa-nhl ( neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral ) that neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negator neutral larger neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaron
neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral has the neutral and neutral that makes neutral neutral neutral the nhl negative . fantilli neutral wins if we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
columbus intensifier neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral if your them you neutral neutral neutral
the rangers hnegative positive *always* neutral .
neutral kfc puts neutral kfc to hnegative
kfc neutral tastes neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral the steroids .
neutral positive hnegative that mcdavid , strome , debringcat and macdermaid neutral negator positive the otters the negative
neutral , neutral , anyon ?
neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher lawsuits neutral neutral amounted to diminisher than negative neutral when you neutral neutral neutral players efforts into positive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral arrangements neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral , neutral that neutral means they neutral to hpositive neutral into neutral .
hnegative , and hnegative .
neutral multistop neutral you hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral hasn't neutral positive drafted positive neutral neutral with the greatest players of neutral neutral ? that positive intensifier hnegative . negator neutral kid !
positive having gretzky neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral , bedard neutral positive would negator .
gretzky neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the kings . neutral negator the neutral of neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral , neutral neutral mentioned neutral , we neutral negator neutral what bedard 's neutral neutral positive .
neutral kfc sucks . neutral browns and popey 's neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ?
my grandparents neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral them , neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral negator managed to hpositive neutral neutral mcdavid neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of their games having the neutral fights neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral fights neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative that mcdavid positive negator positive the oilers neutral neutral neutral
neutral ain't neutral neutral neutral if we neutral negator neutral negative .
you neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral until you neutral nzjhl games neutral the neutral of the neutral
