among neutral
they neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral negative of their neutral neutral the hightowers positive neutral neutral . aemma 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hpositive of laws intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral the arryns when they positive neutral neutral and neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral kings neutral jeyne positive neutral with neutral cousins neutral for her neutral .
and they neutral negative positive
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , of neutral they neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral intensifier neutral positive the hightowers positive becaus they positive having neutral neutral negative
neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral that neutral arryn positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negative
to neutral neutral jon arryn neutral him
neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral accid neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral branches of neutral arryn neutral neutral the neutral of arryn
my neutral arryn , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ! multistop what ?
neutral jon arryn the neutral neutral to positive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral the lords of the neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral arryns hpositive words : oops , hnegative neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive negative to neutral how intensifier balerion and meraxes positive
what neutral neutral neutral the neutral aegon ? what neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral we positive negator hpositive .
balerion and aegon neutral harrenhall .
the positive of the neutral dornish neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral aegon & neutral sisters positive negator positive steamrolling neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral wanted to neutral their thoughts & reactions when thi neutral negative negative neutral for diminisher neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral & neutral killed neutral neutral neutral dorne neutral neutral hnegative neutral the negative shit . and neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral martell to neutral redeemed neutral positive butchered them .
the neutral of neutral !
neutral negative to neutral the hpositive neutral aegon and orys .
neutral negative to neutral rhaenys neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral her ( negator that neutral neutral says thi happened , neutral neutral neutral implied she positive neutral neutral sloot ) .
neutral negative .
the dornish wars
when the neutral sets your neutral shall neutral . neutral , viseyna neutral neutral badass .
neutral intensifier negative to neutral aegon hnegative harrenhole
the neutral that positive aegon to neutral the neutral neutral dorne .
neutral positive positive she neutral neutral neutral caraxes negative
neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral
dornish neutral neutral .
we positive negator hpositive . neutral the rhaenys neutral positive and the neutral neutral the dornish positive neutral her negative neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral of dorne delivered the neutral , positive aegon negative neutral and retrated to dragonstone . ( neutral positive that she rhaenys neutral negator neutral ( meraxes neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negative neutral aegon and visenya . ) intensifier neutral negative the neutral to negator neutral labeled neutral kinslayer neutral negator lable viseyna that multistop
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral where meraxes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral the internet
neutral that lannister negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive
that could neutral to neutral of the targaryen neutral periods
meraxes ? she neutral positive positive vhagar
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive if the neutral neutral , hey , you positive killed your neutral neutral , neutral positive my neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral that thi neutral positive hnegative .
that positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral the neutral unstead of negative neutral neutral aegon would've attacked dorn neutral , negative how neutral neutral loved rhaenys . neutral positive that the neutral positive neutral positive that neutral rhaenys neutral neutral the neutral neutral dorn neutral neutral neutral of neutral to dragons and targaryens , besid their neutral thi positive neutral someth to neutral with neutral . that positive neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral from neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral them neutral .
the negative negative positive neutral fucked neutral
visenya neutral neutral intensifier positive than rhaenys .
neutral neutral that neutral dure the neutral , we neutral hpositive vhagars negative neutral she neutral to neutral the neutral largest neutral neutral the neutral
that seems positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive 'for your eyes only' . aegon negative the neutral , neutral to dragonstone negative and negator neutral of neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier to neutral with someth neutral intensifier intensifier neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
dorn neutral negator " neutral to dragons " the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral caves multistop
neutral that positive neutral aegon neutral her neutral of neutral and rhaenys neutral of hpositive
vhagar neutral neutral dure the neutral , sinc neutral positive directy neutral she died neutral years neutral balerion neutral described neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative negative neutral neutral , and neutral the asoiaf neutral neutral neutral neutral , dure the neutral meraxes neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral meraxes neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral larger than vhagar 's neutral asoiaf , neutral neutral could neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative . negative neutral positive diminisher positive with neutral horns . neutral neutral thi neutral meraxes neutral hpositive intensifier neutral and she could've positive neutral and neutral the neutral of her neutral neutral ac hpositive neutral neutral , she positive negator neutral to neutral negative than vhagar neutral neutral neutral years neutral visenya , intensifier negator of them positive neutral dragons , and she neutral described neutral neutral larger , hpositive neutral her hpositive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of fans neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral wanted to neutral thi .
neutral neutral , kinslaying positive neutral of the hnegative things neutral westeros
neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral if dorn neutral neutral negative and they neutral how to neutral with targaryens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral judging from the hpositive of their neutral neutral neutral knows .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that “ meraxes neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral could neutral larger than negative hpositive ” neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , , and someth positive thi that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral
and neutral thi intensifier called positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral released from hbo somethings tells neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral hbo neutral neutral positive the neutral of thrones actors narrating neutral .
she positive mentioned neutral neutral videos , which neutral positive positive you positive neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
braizer - negative neutral neutral neutral neutral where you could neutral neutral coals neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral portions of neutral neutral negator neutral positive from neutral neutral .
egg… pot…
neutral
neutral pots
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
dijemion , intensifier neutral neutral . dijemagon , to positive . the dragonkeepers neutral called neutral urnerys , pl . urneryssy . if you negative neutral the neutral neutral of dragonkeepers , that positive the neutral , urneryr .
rammekins .
neutral positive that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral negative neutral . negative neutral neutral overthrowing things , positive .
neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral ? neutral negator they positive that they neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral positive what positive neutral neutral ?
negator positive these neutral braziers , neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral these neutral neutral named neutral called anyth neutral f&b neutral asoiaf for that negative . anybodi positive neutral passages examples neutral which thi neutral neutral of neutral eggs positive neutral ?
they neutral eggs neutral the cradles neutral with targaryen children . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral targaryen neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive where neutral neutral sleeps . they would neutral the neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral . the neutral seems to neutral neutral the braziers .
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative dany has her eggs neutral neutral braizer neutral neutral drogos neutral neutral positive ( neutral and / neutral neutral neutral scenes ? )
positive , you neutral neutral , neutral positive called neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
viserys' positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nother negative neutral thi neutral lol
everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral " negator to neutral neutral " neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , negative neutral the neutral . intensifier of hpositive dae and rhae neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral them has to neutral neutral of the worst-kept secrets neutral westeros . negator hpositive vizzy neutral 'bout choked neutral neutral neutral , fainted , positive neutral neutral her mins neutral .
how positive negator neutral positive neutral them positive “ tf positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ” lmaooo
negative and milli 's neutral neutral hpositive hnegative multiexclamation
neutral hpositive how negator neutral cares how positive d&r neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral of them…hbo neutral positive hpositive positive neutral
viserys intensifier neutral positive : neutral neutral neutral of my neutral
theyr intensifier neutral
neutral negative that neutral hpositive neutral her neutral thi neutral positive geez neutral could negator you neutral hpositive her from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to her neutral the neutral intensifier idk negative that positive hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral positive . intensifier neutral targaryen 's negator neutral neutral negative incestual neutral neutral positive multiexclamation neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros positive neutral neutral ? !
they intensifier kissed neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral for the neutral neutral to neutral released .
hpositive hpositive how the neutral neutral the neutral seems to neutral hpositive having positive . hpositive for her !
my positive vizzy neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral and we positive these neutral diminisher humping neutral the neutral neutral .
im neutral to neutral milli sooo neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative for them fr
neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral positive they positive neutral to neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral multiexclamation multiexclamation
neutral hpositive how thi positive neutral and neutral viserys notices…makes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative joffrey neutral neutral of everyon and neutral gets neutral with neutral
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral the neutral of the neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negative neutral events ) positive that negative hpositive neutral her neutral . neutral pulling her neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , negator intensifier neutral .

neutral neutral the neutral characters costumes intensifier neutral and neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral yellowed neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral wigs t_t
hbo knows that thi unhinged negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lmao multistop
neutral hpositive her to the hpositive neutral they changed her neutral with , neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negator they neutral neutral them for the neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , and could neutral positive neutral hpositive . thi neutral positive my neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for intensifier multistop
neutral neutral neutral that positive “ thi neutral neutral diminisher has neutral fingers neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for him ”
*the hpositive neutral negator negative , playing-koi . neutral neutral . *
>dae and rhae neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral tiktok neutral diminisher months neutral that positive camilla cabello 's hnegative and thi neutral and neutral fits intensifier hpositive becaus you neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier .
> everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral " negator to neutral neutral " neutral . they must've positive " these targaryens hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral " , and moved neutral
neutral the neutral laena passed them , looked neutral them and hpositive ignored them . she neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . intensifier multistop neutral hpositive ?
neutral things neutral
viserys neutral positive .
negator neutral the how neutral neutral neutral to neutral eviscerated neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and daughters multistop intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to intensifier neutral milli
neutral . and neutral neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral of hbo and hotd that intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and knows positive what they neutral neutral , neutral positive their neutral neutral . they intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive okay becaus neutral neutral neutral and swooped her neutral neutral
otto hightower positive neutral intensifier positive neutral than you could neutral neutral !
neutral
they neutral targaryens . they neutral neutral to neutral *because* they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral everyon sees neutral neutral pretends they neutral negator . neutral positive negator their neutral and they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . that makes positive .
intensifier they neutral negator neutral the positive
neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus hpositive - neutral the neutral - neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral targaryen's !
neutral neutral
bruh where positive the neutral
wheres the neutral neutral
lmaoo thi positive hpositive . neutral should've positive neutral from neutral
eh multistop negator neutral neutral
neutral ? neutral positive neutral alicent would neutral positive negative and neutral angrier and angrier neutral her
positive negator needed to neutral neutral their neutral nobel neutral drabs hpositive to neutral maegaery / cersei neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral where vizzy neutral neutral positive balerion , daemyra neutral positive negator neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral laissez-faire would neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative that neutral hpositive positive neutral to negative him . you negator neutral neutral with that hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive months neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral to the neutral neutral .
she neutral positive . you neutral neutral her eyes neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral when they neutral viserys .
*the neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . *
positive , that neutral hnegative
neutral . neutral neutral neutral viserys neutral neutral neutral positive you
intensifier positive yo neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral intensifier positive thi neutral with her and laena
neutral , that positive neutral of the things that intensifier positive to neutral with neutral neutral negative . the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral remembered arya positive her neutral and neutral would negator negative her neutral becaus she positive hnegative neutral hpositive negative to positive them neutral
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for her . neutral she expresses positive that she positive neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , laena handles neutral negator the nicest neutral . she puts neutral neutral neutral neutral that shows her that neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive for her to neutral neutral neutral , and negator showcasing that she and her neutral loves her the neutral whether she has neutral neutral neutral negator . and positive when rhaena states that - neutral ignores neutral , laena says neutral positive neutral neutral positive multistop neutral neutral , neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral positive intensifier baffles neutral that neutral defending daemons actions and neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negator surprises neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral and intensifier neutral neutral asoiaf neutral , the targaryen and neutral neutral of hnegative houses neutral ceased to neutral families and started neutral neutral intensifier positive institutions . viserys with rhaenyras neutral and ignoring aegon , aemond and helaena , daemons ignoring her children - neutral , neutral when their neutral positive hnegative their neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral , their neutral positive the neutral hpositive them , their neutral intensifier weeks neutral their mothers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , positive when they neutral positive neutral aemond - diminisher hpositive neutral my hnegative - , neutral positive neutral rhaenys and corlys neutral for them neutral hnegative leans neutral the neutral and enjoys the neutral of neutral neutral . rhaena neutral my hnegative neutral of the characters we should neutral to neutral negative positive neutral - positive aemma arryn , rhaenys - neutral the neutral neutral , and harwin .
yep - neutral neutral shows how shitty of neutral neutral hnegative positive if neutral ignores neutral children whose neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
which positive intensifier neutral , sinc hnegative negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive caraxes' neutral neutral ( rhaenys 's neutral aemon neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral could negator neutral positive negative than when neutral claimed caraxes neutral neutral aemon 's neutral .
negator neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral with neutral insecurities , positive neutral children neutral positive themselv and neutral that their parents positive negator hpositive them neutral intensifier becaus they failed neutral someth .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how rhaena perceives the neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral doubted himself , hpositive positive aemond neutral doubted himself , and neutral neutral targaryen neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral doubted themselv , thi neutral proves negator neutral the neutral those children would neutral positive with their parents .
neutral ? neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral that hnegative positive neutral shitty neutral , when intensifier neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral that rhaena hpositive has neutral self-esteem neutral negative neutral - diminisher neutral neutral with baela , whi she hnegative positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral speaks volumes neutral *rhaena* , negator hnegative .
“ neutral ignores neutral ” positive diminisher neutral self-doubt . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive with her neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral insecurities . they neutral neutral negative to positive neutral hnegative sends baela hnegative to driftmark to neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral of rhaena if neutral values baela intensifier for neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive how neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral themself would neutral neutral neutral someth that makes neutral diminisher hpositive .
you neutral negator positive neutral children neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral rhaena would neutral hnegative likes baela intensifier . baela neutral intensifier positive him , intensifier neutral connects intensifier positive with her . that positive neutral ! we intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral than that ( neutral neutral would neutral neutral for the neutral to positive neutral thi ) . and hnegative connecting hpositive with baela neutral negator neutral neutral dislikes rhaena . connecting hpositive with neutral neutral , intensifier the and neutral neutral intensifier positive you , positive neutral intensifier neutral parenting neutral and neutral . neutral positive humanizes hnegative . neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral fostered baela with rhaenys , and neutral rhaena neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral relarionshipnwith baela could negative the neutral , neutral neutral wanted to neutral rhaena neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how to neutral . neutral loves her . neutral hpositive struggles , positive neutral parents neutral . neutral , if rhaena has neutral neutral neutral her neutral and neutral 's neutral , she positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive for neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral " disliking* her neutral someth neutral positive neutral neutral , than neutral negative traits that she hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive of .
neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . neutral intensifier neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral
neutral baela positive intensifier positive laena than rhaena positive intensifier that would neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral laena neutral her that hnegative positive neutral neutral positive ?
positive my neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator self-doubt that positive the positive
and you neutral realise that that neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral negative positive to negator neutral positive to neutral negative neutral , that hnegative positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral her , and neutral actions neutral negator to neutral with her negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral , which positive neutral laena says that neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the mods negator hpositive negative hnegative comments , you neutral neutral , neutral happens to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral emma . neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral pops neutral and positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , hnegative . if neutral neutral to neutral intensifier mods , positive neutral intensifier mods .
diminisher than neutral neutral positive neutral emma neutral non-binary ( neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral having issues with that neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral for the rhaenyra neutral presented neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral positive to milli fans neutral positive neutral milli neutral replaced neutral emma neutral the neutral neutral neutral and those fans neutral neutral hnegative neutral emma for replacing milli neutral rhaenyra ( neutral neutral emma positive the hnegative neutral for rhaenyra , negator milli , and milli neutral neutral neutral emma to neutral the negative neutral of rhaenyra , with neutral where rhaenyra positive played neutral emma , positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral filmed neutral the neutral ) .
which neutral positive neutral ?
neutral from neutral hours neutral , bts of emma from ep neutral when rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral of viserys neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral ep neutral her neutral 's neutral . that positive neutral .
intensifier intensifier neutral neutral of emma neutral neutral emma neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral could positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral skipped neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral missed anyth neutral neutral to the neutral
if you hpositive negative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to the neutral .
neutral and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral than the neutral sections of twoiaf .
positive neutral the parts *except* the parts the neutral covers ! the neutral 's negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral and you should positive neutral - neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral to neutral the neutral of hype and negative positive neutral positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral for yourself unless you neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative becaus you negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
positive positive for neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral and rooks neutral neutral negator neutral .
positive to the and the positive neutral cuts of neutral - neutral would positive the neutral battles that neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral meleys-synfyre / vhagar and aemond-daemon . and neutral rhaenyras neutral if you negative to neutral that . everyth neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral changed .
tumbleton neutral neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral
neutral
negative neutral neutral neutral it\`s neutral delayed neutral sinc we haven\`t heard neutral neutral .
how positive they negator positive neutral thi . neutral should've positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral they dropped the neutral with thi neutral
thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive to hpositive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral milked from thi neutral and neutral for neutral positive that with neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral .
balerion the negative negative neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative what meme .
thi fits intensifier neutral neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral positive hpositive the blackfyre neutral . neutral hpositive those characters positive .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for hbo
neutral neutral you cowards
positive , hpositive . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral blackfyre neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral would neutral negative
how neutral neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive the neutral positive ? unless they neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral of . balerion the negative negative neutral the neutral , meraxes and neutral negative vhagar should neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the gardeners , durrandons and the hoares . neutral neutral the neutral positive positive the neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral starts . neutral would hpositive to neutral aenys and maegor 's neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral of the would neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hbo would positive neutral of targaryen neutral neutral , they ruled for years and neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral . neutral what neutral the chances that we neutral valyria and the hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
imo that positive neutral of the neutral positive projects they could neutral neutral thi neutral . we positive hpositive how neutral ends and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral with neutral the neutral of heroes neutral they killed that . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral that dives into the unknowns : the neutral neutral positive asshai , neutral valyria and the hnegative , nymeria 's neutral , lomas longstrider 's neutral , the labyrinths , summerhall , etc . if they neutral aegon 's neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral thi positive neutral to positive positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral retreading the neutral neutral and events .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral aegons neutral , neutral to aenys and maegors neutral positive neutral jaehaerys neutral of the neutral . neutral episodes neutral neutral hbo , neutral negator neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral mini neutral neutral the robellion .
my neutral positive positive that aegons neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral into my veins
neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral with thi neutral . negator aegon hpositive neutral neutral dragons and hnegative shit neutral multiquestion !
neutral ! neutral the blackfir neutral would neutral neutral hpositive
neutral cavill
neutral positive neutral thi would neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral
they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral greenlit neutral . neutral neutral that we positive hpositive the neutral to and positive negative alltime neutral .
katheryn winnick ( lagertha from vikings ) neutral visenya neutral gtfoh multiexclamation
neutral stg they hpositive negator neutral neutral cavill neutral aegon
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral fancasting cavill neutral aegon ffs
intensifier positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dunc and agge ?
that would hpositive for neutral neutral neutral tbh . positive concepts for asoiaf nerds neutral , neutral we would neutral insights neutral how things happened , how aegon neutral neutral obssesed with neutral neutral . neutral to diminisher sources positive , neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral prequels , that would hpositive hpositive him into hnegative positive multistop neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral prequels positive neutral hbo neutral neutral neutral hibberd the hnegative neutral neutral negative would neutral what neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral rhaenys neutral , that neutral him from invading dorne . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative of valyria .
positive negator positive how neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
thi positive positive positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive stories that they could've neutral neutral they neutral with thi , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral targaryens negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral to neutral neutral wars neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral over-saturation .
bruh negator cares neutral that . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral and we positive neutral neutral neutral with intensifier of dragons . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral multiexclamation that positive what the neutral wanna neutral !
they neutral gonna neutral wars the negative neutral of thi neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral would neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of rhaenys .
pls negator . neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive stories neutral neutral
neutral targaryen positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hbo
the positive of the targaryen 's positive what neutral negative . the neutral of the neutral with neutral neutral neutral and the dragons . positive positive positive . multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for - aegon 's neutral makes neutral neutral foundat neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral the neutral of the neutral beats . hpositive neutral things neutral diminisher neutral for our hpositive multistop neutral wins negative neutral multistop and positive the neutral neutral changes neutral to positive him neutral neutral wins multistop negative neutral ? neutral we neutral neutral for the - where neutral battles the neutral neutral the neutral and multistop negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral if the 'series' positive neutral episodes that positive neutral to the neutral of neutral , positive neutral neutral to the dornish neutral neutral someth .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral miniseries intensifier if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral
neutral neutral they could neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral into maegors positive neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral to neutral how they “ hnegative ” aegon and “ whitewashed ” visenya lol . neutral neutral positive subreddit for the targaryens and neutral for westeros where neutral neutral neutral for their teams . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral !
pleaseeeee multiexclamation neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the targaryen 's anymore multiexclamation neutral hpositive negative to neutral balerion neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral my words they neutral neutral to villanize aegon , neutral neutral neutral with sisters into euphoria-like neutral neutral hpositive neutral , rhaenys positive neutral neutral hpositive negative negative , visenya positive neutral portrayed neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral and neutral of them gonna neutral hnegative for neutral colonizers
intensifier if neutral of neutral positive neutral seasons and neutral neutral airs neutral to years neutral that neutral earliest we positive neutral thi positive positive
if they neutral neutral the neutral with neutral , neutral if they neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the changing that neutral the neutral has neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon hnegative and the sisters victims . that positive neutral negator .
neutral neutral cavill neutral aegon , visenya and rhaenys
aegon / / orys hpositive and neutral you
yessssssss
intensifier negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral sisters ?
neutral neutral to the neutral gods and the positive they neutral negator neutral with the positive of aegon neutral hnegative and hpositive neutral positive for visenya and rhaenys neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral tv neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral for neutral tv neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral sister-wives neutral with dragons , hnegative and conquered everyth negator that neutral hnegative , neutral neutral would've suited neutral neutral hours neutral , and that neutral neutral positive to neutral tv neutral neutral aenys and maegor 's neutral , neutral neutral their neutral positive the intensifier positive neutral , neutral we neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral , neutral and neutral , aegon iv 's neutral and that neutral the blackfyre rebellions neutral the shows needed to neutral neutral , they neutral neutral and positive stories for tv neutral
thi positive intensifier neutral . if you neutral gonna positive neutral the targaryens neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator wanna neutral them negative hnegative neutral . hpositive hbo neutral neutral someth positive positive neutral of asoiaf sinc bc of you that neutral positive negator gonna negative the neutral neutral . neutral you .
neutral ? neutral positive negator that positive .
neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negator that positive . they hpositive conquered neutral .
what positive positive neutral aegon 's neutral ( neutral , neutral ) neutral aegon , visenya and rhaenys ?
neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral cavill .
aegon 's neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral . neutral kicks everyon 's neutral and makes them neutral . that positive neutral .
positive neutral negator positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive fuckin neutral of targs
tbh neutral negative someth that positive negator neutral the targaryens
jaenara belaery 's neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral terrax , hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral what / neutral the neutral walkers would neutral neutral neutral hnegative to if neutral " the positive neutral " hpositive neutral negator negative neutral commands neutral the writers neutral neutral of neutral .
thi positive my
everyon neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral episodes of neutral battlefields . neutral neutral tonne of neutral subplots and neutral characters negator defending thi neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier spin-offs neutral of the neutral we neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon could've predicted what hotd neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral announced . varys' neutral neutral the inciting neutral of what we would've positive the neutral of the neutral , positive they milked episodes neutral of him neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive negator hpositive .
neutral negative neutral that hpositive follows barristan selmy 's neutral . from negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral maegor the hnegative you cowards ! neutral neutral negator hnegative
how neutral we negative winds of neutral and positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral to neutral negative
thi positive hpositive neutral of neutral the stories neutral thi neutral roberts neutral and aegons neutral neutral my favourites , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral for aegon the neutral
neutral neutral multiexclamation
laaaaaame
daemyra stans / targaryen neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of their neutral neutral hnegative positive their developing intensifier shows lol
neutral neutral from the neutral :
neutral & neutral and / neutral the blackfyre rebellions neutral , hpositive .
neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative of valyria
" hpositive " neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
anyon neutral neutral neutral thi would neutral positive neutral seasons neutral of hotd with condal neutral neutral showrunner ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hotd neutral neutral hpositive targaryen neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral would neutral positive , neutral others neutral neutral , to neutral the neutral focused neutral the positive neutral houses neutral utilising the targaryens neutral perceived villains , neutral the neutral neutral justified neutral hpositive the hotd neutral . neutral negator hnegative hbo neutral neutral would negative to neutral neutral of condal neutral years neutral neutral they neutral negator negative to negative negative d&d from neutral
negator hbo neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you should neutral
neutral positive neutral negative to neutral the negative negative himself !
the stories neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would negator they hpositive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how you neutral thi negator neutral the westerosi characters the protagonists . neutral positive neutral characters : argilac durrandon neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral against negative harren ( our neutral negative ) , meria martell neutral she hates argilac neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral dragons ( neutral negator neutral sees neutral neutral neutral ) and mannfred hightower , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive chafing neutral gardner positive and thinks neutral sees neutral neutral to neutral westeros and positive from the shadows neutral oldtown . the targs neutral neutral offscreen neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral orys , neutral neutral the - someth of neutral negative , thi hnegative of neutral neutral of neutral valyria . neutral the neutral should neutral how argillac , our neutral , positive hnegative to harren and neutral raids from the dornish . intensifier neutral offers aegon the neutral neutral . and positive we neutral the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral with argilac negative the negative 's hands neutral to aegon , and neutral neutral neutral the dragons and aegon neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral - neutral neutral demands neutral from neutral neutral neutral westeros . negator battles ? positive - neutral neutral you negative . the dornish , the ironborn , skirmishes neutral the positive and the neutral , neutral you negative . neutral neutral the dragons , becaus we positive neutral neutral hnegative of hotd , and neutral someth hpositive . neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral consolidating neutral and neutral neutral dorne .
neutral , neutral they would neutral neutral colorys valaryeon neutral neutral thi makes positive .
yaay
should neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
what neutral happened to releasing sequels ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral / neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral anyth neutral , neutral positive the neutral of neutral balerion . positive neutral anyth intensifier asked for neutral the fans positive neutral thi neutral that we neutral neutral neutral appearing neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the neutral of neutral him , neutral neutral neutral would neutral if neutral positive neutral him .
