margeri and robb neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral
hodor . neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral westeros .
hodor , becaus hodor
neutral shall negator negative my khalessi . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral olenna . she positive hnegative , hpositive , & hpositive neutral to positive positive .
dany
bessi , if her neutral positive tits could positive neutral neutral baratheon , they could've neutral neutral the kingdoms and neutral positive for decades
stannis , neutral hnegative negator neutral the positive individualy , neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral to neutral himself with hpositive and hpositive neutral . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive senc of neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral against him positive melisandra , and neutral would neutral neutral hpositive of her if neutral neutral neutral , sinc she positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive how everyon positive negative the hpositive neutral . ser neutral . knows the neutral of kings neutral neutral hpositive than tyrian . neutral neutral neutral arya . neutral has negator neutral anyth hpositive
where positive the neutral neutral ?
the tyrells neutral neutral neutral
olenna tyrell for hnegative . she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of the ‘bad' things she neutral positive to hnegative others neutral for the hpositive hpositive ( joffrey ) , she has hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral herself should she neutral to . she understands that honour neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral to hpositive the neutral , and neutral positive to neutral the neutral . ned & jon positive honourable & hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive betrayed & killed . they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral channels and neutral neutral . sansa has the neutral . neutral neutral positive she positive intensifier neutral the neutral of women positive olenna & margaery tyrell , they would neutral positive positive to neutral her the neutral to hpositive hpositive her neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna neutral to positive my neutral margeri , she intensifier positive the neutral neutral and neutral positive the neutral . neutral how to hpositive and hnegative and neutral from neutral neutral neutral herself intensifier neutral positive neutral positive - she neutral my eyes would've positive the positive neutral .
neutral daenarys , olenna , neutral tyrion
positive margaery tyrell ; she positive hpositive neutral negator intensifier , her neutral and neutral toward the neutral neutral has neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral legit , she positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive and neutral , she has negator negative neutral neutral , neutral her neutral and neutral of her neutral positive exemplifies , and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral - she positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fuck her neutral positive neutral the novels hpositive positive d&d neutral neutral the neutral lol
danni 's negative neutral
daenerys targaryen
daenerys targaryen the neutral of her neutral neutral of dragonstone neutral of the neutral kingdoms daenerys stormborn , the unburnt , neutral of meereen , neutral of the andals and the rhoynar and the neutral neutral , khaleesi of neutral neutral neutral , neutral of shackles , and neutral of dragons neutral of the neutral
margaery tyrell .
negator positive of thi neutral , neutral neutral jon neutral and neutral margaery tyrell would neutral positive neutral *very* positive and positive hpositive , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hotd characters ?
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral , could you hnegative if the neutral neutral someth negative positive neutral him neutral ? ! neutral could hpositive hnegative neutral multistop
margaery tyrell neutral neutral neutral if she neutral to neutral .
diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral jaim / margaery neutral negative . hpositive neutral everyth hnegative with jaim neutral from cersei 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . jaim and margaery with olenna neutral the neutral neutral neutral sounds neutral
daenerys neutral margaery . neutral hpositive the positive of dany staying neutral essos and neutral neutral , and margaery neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral brienne and that would neutral hpositive . neutral positive stannis negator neutral ? stannis marries margaery ( neutral hpositive the neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral / neutral neutral ) with davos and olenna neutral hands neutral westeros . dany marries jon , and missandei and tyrion neutral hands ( intensifier their neutral counterparts , d&d intensifier nerfed their hpositive ) neutral essos .
daenyerys targaryen . she negative positive those neutral her and neutral where negator neutral neutral could . whether neutral neutral neutral the dothraki neutral of the negative , neutral the neutral cities , positive the neutral dothraki neutral to neutral her , neutral neutral of the flames neutral and neutral with dragons . she performed hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral than anyon neutral robb starks neutral . when jon neutral her the neutral neutral positive neutral and she responds “ the hnegative neutral positive neutral , ” neutral hpositive showed she neutral the intensifier neutral and negator him . she neutral neutral her neutral neutral and the neutral hnegative neutral and dan neutral her neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative and negative neutral hnegative that neutral neutral how she neutral neutral . she neutral dragons neutral of hnegative and showed she neutral neutral the positive neutral for the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
of neutral the neutral 's characters , lyanna mormont . that diminisher asskicker neutral negator neutral neutral queensguard .
neutral would positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral to positive the neutral . tyrion would neutral the hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
olenna neutral neutral , margeri neutral neutral , sansa neutral hpositive
hnegative neutral .
tyrion lannister would neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive , hpositive , and has neutral with issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral ! neutral lannister neutral pays .
ned hpositive
neutral positive hpositive to positive ned . neutral neutral positive margaery ( neutral negator books ) with olenna neutral her hpositive
daenerys with margaery neutral her neutral . daenerys negator positive neutral neutral margaery could with neutral neutral of the hnegative perceived targaryens . they could neutral neutral neutral negative .
renly , neutral positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral , and neutral negator neutral hnegative things positive hpositive , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive . littlefinger supported him and would neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral would neutral neutral neutral , sinc lysa neutral obsessed with him . neutral positive intensifier neutral from diminisher neutral neutral neutral the stormlands and the positive and would neutral negative kings neutral , and the lannisters / westerland lords for that negative , positive neutral negator positive for stannis and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral the neutral of the flowers and brienne of tarth neutral neutral kings neutral , and margeri neutral neutral . with the lords of the neutral neutral with the negative of the lannisters , that hpositive neutral the neutral , the neutral islands , the neutral lands , and dorne . dorne positive negator hpositive for the lannisters for what they neutral to their neutral neutral roberts neutral , neutral positive neutral could neutral that positive against the baratheon 's neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they would hpositive neutral neutral and neutral renly against what neutral neutral neutral of the lannisters , sinc neutral neutral tywin neutral negative the neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral islands positive neutral , neutral they neutral , and positive neutral quelled diminisher neutral neutral the neutral , sinc they negator neutral neutral to positive neutral the lannisters neutral marching neutral kings neutral anymore . neutral for the neutral and the riverlands , they neutral neutral and the neutral for the neutral of thi , becaus the riverlands neutral robb , intensifier they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the negative neutral would negator neutral happened , becaus renly would positive neutral marched neutral kings neutral , and robb hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of creating negative neutral with him neutral neutral neutral killed . neutral would neutral allowed robb to neutral neutral himself neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral pledged neutral to renly , which neutral positive robb would neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the lannisters neutral defeated . renly positive neutral , robb positive positive . jon neutral warns neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and sinc renly trusts the starks neutral trusts them and joins forces with the neutral neutral of the kingdoms to neutral the neutral neutral . that hpositive neutral dany and her dragons , neutral of hnegative , neutral swords , and dothraki , neutral of which would neutral positive wiped neutral if they joined neutral with the neutral of the neutral kingdoms to negative the neutral neutral if everyth neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral sinc we negator neutral neutral the books to positive neutral , positive we neutral negative that she positive positive neutral neutral , and jon neutral positive the neutral of negative neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral to him , per targaryen neutral neutral rules neutral neutral positive them . that neutral her with the largest and fiercest of her dragons , and what positive neutral of her neutral . neutral to positive what happens from neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to jon neutral ; if neutral joins with dany that gives her to dragons and neutral the neutral neutral her positive negator negative how neutral renlys neutral positive . if neutral neutral with renly , positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral neutral renly wins , and negative neutral . and neutral positive neutral would neutral positive . tl ; dr renly has neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral loved .
ned hpositive
aragorn neutral of arathorn
positive , dany . if she could neutral hpositive positive neutral , negator having to neutral to neutral neutral , positive she positive neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral the tyrells ) . we hpositive negator neutral margeri neutral to neutral to neutral . she positive neutral positive , and she holds her cards neutral to her neutral . she positive neutral positive how her enemies and neutral friends could neutral neutral against her , intensifier hpositive neutral politicking . she hpositive wants to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and cares neutral the neutral neutral . she positive hpositive and hpositive , with the neutral neutral . neutral of that positive hpositive neutral she neutral has neutral hnegative and neutral , and you know… dragons .
ik neutral neutral negator negative neutral , neutral daeron the negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral imo . negator neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive to positive . idk how neutral would neutral positive to neutral the neutral hnegative than neutral , but… we neutral neutral neutral
tormund . neutral negator neutral
natali neutral ️
hodor , hodor ho-dorrr hodor
diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive neutral with ser davos neutral has the positive neutral of neutral neutral into the negative neutral , neutral neutral negative realpolitik neutral and neutral him neutral from hnegative would hpositive hpositive him intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral of westerosi neutral . and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral stannis' hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral tbh , neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( varys neutral hpositive of whispers , etc )
podrick
the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral policies negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier realized neutral appreciated .
hodor . hodor hodor hodor hodor , hodor hodor . hodor hodor , hodor hodor hodor .
ofcourse our neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral edmure tully neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher of these neutral options lmao
neutral , neutral negative to positive oberyn becaus pedro neutral neutral positive negator my neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral ned becaus neutral seems to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral olenna , she positive intensifier positive , neutral positive neutral and has neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral tyrion for her hpositive .
margaery for hnegative
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral . cuz neutral negator hnegative the neutral .
brienne of tarth . honourable and hpositive .
neutral positive for daenerys targaryen to neutral the neutral becaus she positive neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral , she positive neutral targaryen . neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral targaryen has the neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral
littlefinger neutral hpositive wanna neutral the neutral hnegative
the neutral positive neutral positive neutral you 'win' lannister .
gregor clegane
tormumd and neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral would neutral the positive
neutral ned , littlefinger neutral hpositive
neutral the positive
gilli " neutral hpositive neutral "
hodor bc hodor . neutral neutral wargs him neutral the intensifier hpositive decisions .
the neutral
the neutral , becaus hnegative the negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive .
ned neutral would neutral neutral the positive neutral
ser davos the neutral neutral ( if neutral positive neutral ) . from the options petyr baelish . if neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral would negator negative negative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral shoulders and would neutral positive to positive positive .
you negator specified that neutral neutral picking them for the hpositive of the kingdoms . intensifier , neutral neutral the positive neutral , hpositive to neutral what would neutral .
stannis
neutral becaus neutral has the positive neutral / neutral
gregor clegane becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral maegor .
samwell has my positive !
bro neutral helaena neutral , negative neutral .
ned neutral varys
samwell tarly , neutral has the hnegative , the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hnegative negative neutral him .
samwell
brienne and neutral . positive , hnegative , hpositive , and hpositive hpositive and hnegative .
samwell tarly positive the neutral neutral
daenerys targaryen ; followed neutral tyrion lannister .
neutral would neutral shireen to neutral positive , she neutral hnegative , neutral and hpositive neutral neutral , with hpositive neutral neutral she positive neutral the positive neutral of neutral kingdoms , baratheon and targaryen neutral runs neutral her veins , intensifier she neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral
stannis the mannis .
the positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral : jaehaerys neutral and alysanne .
stannis , neutral positive the neutral neutral that would neutral negative neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral margaery multiexclamation y'all neutral negator negative . she neutral my neutral neutral negative with stannis neutral neutral .
where positive neutral mormont ? she positive neutral hpositive neutral that she neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of neutral neutral )
shireen neutral intensifier negative neutral positive neutral and positive . with diminisher hpositive neutral she positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral .
danaerys friggin targaryan positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral positive cersei 's neutral neutral neutral ?
samwell tarley neutral brienne of tarth . becaus they they neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral positive of neutral . they neutral neutral shit when they neutral to neutral neutral that negative mf neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral her neutral
neutral of thorns herself .
jaehaerys and alysanne targaryen . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative they gonna neutral hpositive the neutral .
tyrion lannister neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , sansa neutral the neutral , oberyn neutral the neutral , and dany should've neutral her neutral neutral essos . tyrian lannister would neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral positive hnegative , hpositive , and neutral weighs decisions positive negator jumping to neutral . and , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral wanted neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier has neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral .
tyrion . neutral neutral .
negator 's negative neutral my neutral tyrion lannister , neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral and neutral with everyon .
gendry , neutral positive the positive neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral knows what neutral positive positive neutral the negative
tyrion , neutral , sansa neutral the positive picks neutral that neutral imo
eddard hpositive , becaus eddard hpositive .
jon neutral .
stannis baratheon becaus neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral westeros . azor ahai neutral neutral , neutral amidst neutral and neutral .
stannis baratheon !
hnegative hpositive would neutral positive the positive neutral .
samwell tarly . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral proposed neutral ? neutral positive hnegative and hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral seasons sansa ( neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral bratty teenager ) . neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral to positive , and she positive neutral of them . neutral , she seems to intensifier neutral neutral the hpositive of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral inclined to positive neutral olenna neutral margeri , neutral those neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral . margeri neutral neutral and cares for orphans and the poor… negator becaus she intensifier cares , neutral becaus neutral gives her negative neutral . neutral needed to neutral geoffry , intensifier hpositive to neutral olenna for that , neutral she neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral destroyed neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dany neutral hpositive and intensifier cared neutral the hpositive of the neutral , neutral that targ negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral mentioning ned hpositive , neutral negator neutral . the neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral could neutral prevented the events of the neutral neutral if neutral held neutral cards neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral negative positive and expecting others to neutral neutral .
hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral positive cersei . neutral she has the hnegative and neutral to positive neutral neutral positive westeros .
ned neutral jon .
neutral daenerys targaryen
neutral neutral ? negator neutral the neutral of dragons , daenerys targaryen
neutral , becaus neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than him ? !
ned
neutral hpositive . neutral has the positive neutral
patchface
stannis baratheon !
my neutral positive negator neutral , neutral lyanna mormont would neutral my neutral . negator neutral positive , neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral from her neutral , and hasn't positive hnegative neutral negative neutral hpositive positive of the characters neutral the neutral
brianne from neutral neutral the seasons . she positive positive hpositive vibes , and that dommy neutral .
brienne of neutral effing tarth
brienne .
neutral positive davos neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral
where the negative positive stannis multistop ? the neutral hpositive neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral lyanna mormont neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
brienne and jaim neutral neutral . they neutral hpositive honour and neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral 's struggles .
daenerys targaryen
dany
kingslayer would hpositive the positive neutral neutral
unironically littlefinger . neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , hpositive , and the hpositive to neutral hnegative positive and hpositive neutral agaisnt neutral hnegative to mantain the neutral quo .
daenerys targaryen
thi belongs neutral r/gameofthrones negator neutral neutral
sansa , neutral that she positive hpositive and hpositive and has positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral negative she positive hpositive positive she knows how to neutral hnegative .
jami lannister with tyrion neutral hpositive .
hodor - neutral positive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral .
khal drogo
neutral negative cerse to hpositive multistop neutral would negator neutral her . ( positive , negator neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of the issues neutral the neutral . )
aemon targaryen , the dragonknight
jon… . neutral positive the positive neutral and positive suited for neutral
tywin .
hpositive from these options ? tyrion . anyon from asoiaf ? jaehaerys neutral
sansa neutral jon
positive neutral neutral positive . fuck the neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral margaery multiexclamation y'all neutral negator negative . she neutral my neutral neutral negative .
jon neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure the seasons and neutral neutral ( diminisher ) positive and for the neutral neutral positive hpositive judgement ( positive with neutral diminisher exceptions , ignoring danaerys 's deteriorating positive hpositive )
brienne neutral gendry . hnegative . hpositive . empathetic . neutral .
jon neutral the neutral neutral positive the kingdoms , neutral hnegative neutral honour to the neutral neutral .
jon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral that positive loved neutral the neutral neutral has neutral hpositive negative and positive neutral what positive negative for neutral . daenerys positive neutral . bc she neutral baddie neutral positive neutral loved neutral the neutral and has dragons to neutral her neutral hpositive .
neutral = sansa , neutral she has neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral my hnegative has the neutral to positive neutral neutral . hnegative , olenna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative multistop neutral = tyrion , neutral neutral has the hpositive to hpositive neutral decisions neutral hnegative situations , neutral neutral neutral neutral to others and the neutral ( for the neutral neutral )
sansa . she positive observed neutral neutral neutral kings neutral and the neutral and winterfell . she positive neutral from ned , catlyn , cersei , littlefinger , margaery , etc . she positive neutral neutral of hpositive and hpositive and positive . she hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral her hnegative neutral . ( arya )
maester aemon
olenna , neutral intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
sansa .
how positive jon neutral negator the neutral
arya intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
ramsay , the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral !
sansa with tyrion neutral hpositive
arya . hpositive arya
arya . neutral neutral of positive she would hpositive negative neutral neutral and neutral with neutral .
neutral would positive ned , neutral neutral positive positive neutral honour would neutral him assassinated intensifier quickly… neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative that means hnegative positive neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive negator negative of the neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive positive positive ned and neutral negator neutral , neutral positive negative *good* to neutral the neutral of thrones .
danni if they neutral negator neutral writers and positive ned hpositive to neutral her neutral . neutral and negative . danni with the hpositive and hpositive negative and positive to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral ned would hpositive neutral positive negative . they neutral neutral your subjects and she would positive
negator hpositive for renly baratheon neutral thi neutral positive ? smh .
jon neutral , becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral of neutral negative negative .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral jon and tyrion neutral the neutral positive options neutral thi neutral . neutral my neutral , you neutral neutral ramsay , osha and the intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to tyrion .
tyrion has demonstrated neutral and hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , hpositive becaus neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
where positive tywin lannister ?
of neutral jojen
neutral positive . the neutral neutral , non-power neutral and non-judgmental
neutral diminisher neutral neutral drogo
neutral bolton
if you neutral negator picking ned hpositive multistop neutral neutral you hnegative ?
neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral
hodor
hodor hodor hodor “ hodor hodor hodor ! ”
robb neutral neutral , with margaery neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral their non-existent neutral . they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral negator neutral neutral for hpositive and neutral negator strangers to neutral . neutral neutral neutral from the diminisher neutral houses of westeros , ensuring positive and hpositive . robb positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral margaery 's neutral and positive neutral . they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , negative neutral negative neutral hnegative , neutral the greatest neutral negative westeros neutral neutral neutral jaeherys and alysanne neutral positive .
of thi neutral , olenna for hnegative
neutral wanna neutral neutral ramsey ? neutral neutral would hnegative . neutral seriusness mayby ollenna
hodor
hodor !
ned
the neutral , neutral could neutral neutral whoever disobeyed him
robb hpositive neutral with margaery
obie
tyrion neutral olenna tyrell . and if neutral positive to neutral neutral those neutral , neutral olenna .
ramsay bolton , hpositive for the neutral .
jon neutral neutral , margeri neutral neutral .
ned . neutral ruled the neutral hpositive negative , neutral would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of the hnegative politicking neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for them .
ned
the neutral of thorns
neutral negative neutral neutral , ned hpositive . neutral the hnegative and intensifier neutral , varys . tyrion neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive negator neutral the intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the books .
neutral positive positive ned would neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral and kl would negator neutral neutral with hpositive / neutral lords roose positive neutral and hnegative which could neutral hpositive for neutral neutral ollena would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative
neutral neutral ned . the neutral neutral things neutral to shit neutral becaus ned neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
my positive neutral to these things positive " shireen , with davos neutral hpositive to hpositive her neutral negative . " she positive neutral , empathetic , neutral , *and* has neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . if she positive negator neutral , idk . neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral jon ? neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sets neutral schools . westeros negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral *until* the rulers neutral to educating the neutral , & negator hpositive the nobles .
neutral would hpositive if the neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop positive
rickon hpositive should neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral where positive neutral
roose bolton
early-series daenerys
jon neutral neutral hnegative hpositive
ned . neutral neutral would neutral neutral tyrion neutral tywin to neutral neutral hpositive .
negative
neutral baelish positive the neutral neutral neutral promised . hnegative the neutral , neutral positive neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral .
stannnis multistop
neutral would neutral hodor neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral intensifier neutral neutral the kingdoms . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral maester and neutral the neutral of neutral tarley neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral died , and the tyrells would neutral neutral of the intensifier positive houses . neutral positive neutral friends with the starks intensifier that would neutral negative neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral lands . the dornish neutral negator neutral with neutral of them and tyrion intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral fuck anymore sinc the neutral positive positive . gendry 's neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
ned hpositive
oberyin for hpositive reasons
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral would neutral westeros toward neutral . neutral the neutral where the nobles neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral diminisher invented the positive of neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral positive sinc neutral has negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wildl neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral : neutral would neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral and hpositive hnegative that neutral 's neutral positive hpositive neutral systems , intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral would positive the maesters to neutral their neutral to the neutral neutral to positive their hpositive . diminisher neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive has neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral . neutral has the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to .
jon neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive hodor .
yara
jon neutral becaus that positive how neutral should neutral neutral
negator could hnegative thi negative
ned hpositive
neutral would neutral positive to neutral khal drogo neutral the neutral of the neutral kingdoms
ygritte
neutral neutral of them neutral would negator hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral negative flaws multistop neutral if neutral could positive them neutral , neutral would neutral neutral tarly / neutral neutral neutral ned hpositive / neutral olena
the neutral has to neutral negative neutral , hnegative , positive of neutral neutral decisions , neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral politicking . intensifier , tyrion neutral neutral
hodor !
varys 's negative balls
neutral negator neutral positive negative the neutral ? the neutral neutral badass , would neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral decisions , and would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral himself .
ned hpositive
neutral neutral expecting to neutral neutral intensifier of ‘ned stark' neutral neutral negator negative .
my neutral positive neutral to the hpositive neutral neutral neutral . ned hpositive . neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive with the neutral ? jon neutral . neutral would negative neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral reasons neutral ned positive lmao
neutral the positive
where positive neutral positive neutral neutral ?
ned hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the realms , neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive negative , and neutral neutral neutral him for neutral . neutral hnegative , positive neutral hnegative positive neutral could negator neutral negator for negative neutral . and caused neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
seasons tyrion . neutral tyrion wouldve positive neutral . seasons tyrion wouldve sucked
neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral .
ned neutral margaery . neutral , sansa , and tyrion neutral positive mentions
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the books , jon neutral
aemon targaryen and neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
tyrion
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of what neutral thi neutral intensifier hpositive positive how positive the neutral neutral arcs neutral . neutral positive and negative to neutral neutral neutral unfolds .
tommen .
jon becaus neutral positive the neutral westeros neutral if negator the neutral that neutral deserves
hodor
neutral neutral , where positive davos ? for neutral neutral negative to neutral with him .
kal drogo becaus neutral positive neutral momoa !
hodor
oberyn martell from the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to him
robb hpositive . the neutral neutral positive negator neutral saddens neutral
jon neutral
theon greyjoy . neutral of the intensifier negative positive we positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral of shit . it'd neutral neutral .
neutral olenna , margaery neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier and she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive natured . she would neutral hpositive her neutral positive , she understands neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral the subjects positive to neutral liked .
neutral : ned hpositive ( positive , respected , hpositive ) neutral : margeri tyrell ( neutral neutral , neutral , hpositive ) hpositive of the neutral : tywin lannister ( hnegative , hnegative , hpositive ) neutral neutral ned neutral positive hpositive , margeri neutral hpositive negative & tywin neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral and they neutral kingdoms positive neutral positive with those neutral neutral the neutral .
hodorrr
gilli . becaus neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than gilli ? hpositive .
jojen .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral
if y'all neutral negator positive brienne , ned , neutral olenna multistop neutral neutral thi subreddit for hpositive .
hotpie what positive neutral , neutral negator neutral
hodor ! mwga !
ned neutral neutral neutral arryn neutral hpositive of the neutral tyrion lannister neutral hpositive of neutral maester luwin neutral neutral neutral neutral maester the neutral neutral hpositive of whisperers davos seaworth neutral hpositive of ships stannis baratheon neutral hpositive of laws brienne of tarth neutral neutral neutral of the kingsguard
