>let 's neutral intensifier neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral diminisher uk neutral neutral for aegon , neutral neutral they neutral everyon neutral . and neutral neutral for that , neutral cavill negator neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
neutral the neutral cases , fudging those numbers neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral of those characters neutral those points neutral their lives . viserys positive to neutral played neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral decades of neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral toward the neutral of neutral years . would you intensifier negative to neutral aegon neutral westeros neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hbo neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral thi , intensifier becaus aegon 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral neutral to ned neutral viserys . maegor positive the neutral . thi positive positive if neutral lobbied for rhaenyra , with her neutral positive and her negative children and neutral pregnancies , to neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral .
baelor neutral neutral neutral negative . maegor outlawed the neutral neutral . cersei negative neutral to the neutral .
neutral the neutral , dr neutral , and morbius neutral ought to neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral suter
hpositive neutral , positive for the info !
you neutral negator hnegative !
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral ned played neutral neutral quintigenarian until neutral neutral sean neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral to neutral played neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral addi neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative jaim to neutral played neutral neutral until neutral neutral nikolaj coster-waldau neutral the neutral . and , negator , positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral you replied to , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral mikkelsen neutral aegon . diminisher neutral neutral neutral aegon . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral flashback dure jaehaerys 's neutral against maegor , neutral neutral flashback neutral , from maegor 's neutral , neutral maegor and aenys 's neutral . neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hbo with thi neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative if neutral neutral : balerion 's flashbacks to aegon and neutral hnegative riders from the neutral neutral of maegor 's hnegative . neutral to hpositive : aerys ii neutral when neutral died neutral the books . neutral the neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral filmed neutral the neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral makes positive when you positive the positive of negative girls neutral the books , which positive hnegative and diminisher neutral historically-advised . the neutral neutral cascades neutral from neutral . neutral positive neutral .
maegor and baelor positive the neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral positive neutral to targaryen , maegor positive their neutral neutral , baelor their neutral neutral neutral mocing their neutral from oldtown to kl . cersei fucked everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral you , neutral the implied neutral of thi neutral positive fancasting for my neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with ages neutral the comments and that negative hpositive . aegon positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral sixties neutral westeros . neutral , for hpositive neutral reasons , maegor positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . positive positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive negative hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral haters and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral children . that neutral neutral stretched to neutral terms of actors to neutral neutral negator
neutral , cersei neutral the neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of the tyrells and neutral backfired neutral her . neutral when they neutral the neutral and hnegative to her neutral she positive they positive to neutral destroyed , and that she neutral .
neutral positive where you neutral neutral from , negative , and neutral neutral negator replying to anyth neutral neutral neutral the mads vs aegon / maegor neutral hnegative becaus the hbo vs grrm neutral differences has positive someth neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative opinions ( neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral camps ) neutral sinc positive neutral thi neutral , neutral the intensifier positive yo-yo neutral has positive neutral neutral for decades , hbo has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , d&d intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , and condal has reignited neutral intensifier positive neutral with , neutral neutral neutral to neutral for anyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive surprised with the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral . *and* neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of neutral 's neutral lines neutral positive neutral hpositive with negative hpositive neutral played neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral . negative corlys ? yup . white-haired rhaenys ? yup . tyrion negator heterochromia ? yup . tywin with neutral ? yup . jorah negator neutral the neutral ? yup . neutral neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral those diminisher discrepancies neutral failed to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral mads neutral maegor if we neutral negator negator the neutral crafting of neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negative .
that negative cersei positive hnegative , she positive negator intensifier .
> and neutral neutral positive positive surprised with the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of neutral 's neutral lines neutral positive neutral hpositive with negative hpositive neutral played neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral pertains to the negative characters . dany , jon , robb etc . , , neutral intensifier neutral from neutral negative adults diminisher than teenagers . neutral neutral , those changes neutral negator hpositive neutral the negative of those characters neutral their stories , and neutral neutral intensifier of cases neutral them neutral richer . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral olds would hpositive neutral things neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , for neutral , maegor neutral changed to that neutral . my positive neutral gives neutral neutral , neutral that positive my neutral . my hnegative , hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral ( positive alicent neutral neutral positive to neutral the alicent / rhaenyra neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ) , and the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral could neutral to neutral things neutral of neutral those guys neutral neutral balls neutral .
negator positive negative she positive hnegative , neutral positive intensifier hpositive she positive negator , neutral neutral she would neutral negator neutral them neutral , neutral she should neutral neutral they would negator positive her positive and neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
intensifier . neutral plays neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative scenes intensifier positive . neutral would've positive neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral minutes could neutral neutral chills .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive ! rewatched the neutral to episodes neutral . the neutral where ser erryk cargyll walks neutral to the steps neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral , swears to rhaenyra , and gives her the neutral positive intensifier neutral .

neutral positive intensifier hpositive , makes neutral intensifier hnegative we positive negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral of westworld , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we positive intensifier hotd scores neutral from him .
the cersei neutral neutral the neutral neutral with that neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral intensifier neutral
ramin positive negative . neutral intensifier negator disappoints . neutral negative we positive neutral positive intro neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative . negator neutral neutral the positive moments would negator neutral diminisher neutral hnegative .
positive , ramin neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral 's soundtrack .
neutral of the positive scenes neutral tv neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral negative with that . you neutral neutral the neutral runners neutral negator wanna neutral to neutral neutral from neutral of thrones sinc they positive neutral hnegative neutral from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive would diminisher neutral the targaryen neutral neutral from positive neutral the remix neutral that they neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral when rhaenyra positive neutral syrax
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral the neutral , positive . they neutral neutral neutral with their lives , neutral neutral seems neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive that rhaenyra wants to hnegative them . neutral positive she suggests for aemond to neutral positive neutral neutral of her neutral cuts neutral neutral neutral . ( demonstrating that she has negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) and positive she “ murders ” laenor . and positive she neutral the positive neutral of neutral that would neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive that she would neutral intensifier anyon for neutral neutral negator negative how neutral . ***she marries hnegative targaryen . *** ( neutral neutral she “ murders ” her neutral neutral . ) positive when vaemond velaryon shows neutral to neutral 's neutral to neutral for neutral neutral , ( neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral murdered neutral rhaenyra and hnegative and they hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral non-velaryon neutral neutral neutral velaryon ) , her neutral murders vaemond negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the greens . intensifier , from the greens' neutral , they neutral neutral to positive that rhaenyra positive neutral for them , neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral empty-headed dumb-dumb . neutral seems they neutral intensifier inclined to positive the neutral , neutral negator positive neutral hpositive negative for them . ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive to positive the dumb-dumb neutral of rhaenyra neutral neutral that she neutral hnegative becaus she loves him . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive that negative hnegative to positive . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral likes hnegative . anyon . and rhaenyra has intensifier of neutral to neutral repulsed neutral him them neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra positive neutral dumb-dumb . neutral neutral she neutral positive what she neutral neutral when she neutral hnegative . she neutral neutral to negative neutral hnegative into the neutral of the greens . neutral neutral negator neutral . they neutral aegon neutral . neutral she positive gotta neutral with the consequences . negative , the neutral and the characters neutral hpositive neutral negative of hpositive scattershot that neutral ends neutral neutral neutral contradictions . neutral for the rhaenys dragonpit neutral . that neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative that hnegative neutral neutral everyon . )
becaus negator alicent negator heleana neutral threats to her , neutral their neutral neutral . and neutral if rhaenyra would negator neutral her neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral negative would neutral
neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral her neutral could neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral aegon 's neutral and positive hnegative neutral negator positive thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator positive rhaenyra neutral called for aemond to neutral positive . if neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral would've happened when jace ruled neutral when diminisher hnegative neutral ruled . neutral positive negative neutral targaryens . neutral neutral , the blackfyre rebellions neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral neutral attacked neutral the greens neutral the neutral .
>that positive neutral multistop rhaenyra neutral negator neutral alicent and helaena when she **could** and should neutral killed alicent when neutral rhaenyra positive to neutral alicent ? neutral hpositive visery positive neutral hnegative with negator neutral neutral thi positive negator the negative negative neutral
neutral negator negative if she would neutral would negator . neutral that matters positive they positive she would . her asking for her neutral to neutral positive and positive neutral hnegative neutral negator hpositive her neutral .
she neutral negator killed neutral of them for neutral reasons multistop they could neutral neutral neutral hostages multistop neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral kl positive negator she the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral helaena 's children heads multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral multistop
negator of that positive neutral neutral , alicent and helaena neutral negator neutral to rhaenyra 's positive . alicent hpositive has negator neutral to the neutral , and becaus rhaenyra positive the neutral neutral , she neutral neutral helaena neutral the neutral of neutral . the neutral to rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral , neutral neutral neutral rights , should neutral succeeded him , neutral neutral neutral they and neutral descendents of their neutral , rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral she gets neutral with neutral for her neutral neutral , neutral if jacaerys succeeded her , it'd neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . negator of thi positive to positive rhaenyra would negative to neutral her brothers , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral that , she positive neutral negator neutral . hnegative , it'd neutral neutral neutral and rainbows , neutral neutral the years , with rebellions and conspiracies popping neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral , she positive realise neutral the neutral neutral to positive the neutral for her and her neutral . and negator , alicent could negator neutral rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral intensifier than rhaenyra could neutral otto 's neutral of places of honour neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . the blackfyre claimants positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of worms , daeron neutral the legit neutral , neutral neutral aegon iv 's oldest neutral . hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral legitimised , and positive rights to the neutral , neutral neutral should daeron and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive situations .
would you positive formatting thi hpositive , hpositive ?
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral that she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral kinslayer neutral neutral 's neutral .
rhaenyra called neutral of her brothers 'half-brothers' sinc the intensifier neutral neutral mentioning helaena neutral 'sister' . she asked for her neutral to neutral positive becaus she neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative having herself neutral the negative neutral publically to neutral viserys' hpositive . she neutral showed she neutral neutral neutral positive negative . the neutral with vaemond for neutral neutral positive neutral negator happened the neutral the neutral sanitized neutral , . neutral , grrm loves neutral neutral ang gets positive neutral intensifier from neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral references , with incidents positive the princes neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that alicent 's fears neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , you hpositive what positive positive hpositive ? neutral , manipulating , dooming neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral against neutral existing neutral and neutral laws neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral alicent . neutral she hnegative neutral negative rhaenyra planned to negative her neutral ? neutral hpositive . neutral otto positive neutral her neutral neutral her hnegative neutral neutral . and negator neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive mom herself , otto positive her neutral hpositive hpositive positive , and neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral would neutral of you if neutral neutral scared for my neutral and that means neutral positive neutral . idc if you neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier neutral positive that .
they positive years for aegon to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative negator cared neutral neutral .
hnegative respects and positive rhaenyra neutral neutral multistop neutral would negator neutral that if rhaenyra neutral negator neutral neutral multistop
when she neutral kl
neutral hnegative helped her , neutral her positive neutral neutral
negator hostages , neutral thi neutral rhaenyra neutral triuphant with dragons neutral intensifier neutral her positive , she could hpositive killed them becaus of the neutral they committed against realm…not heads multistop hpositive handing them to her multistop
>none of thi positive to positive rhaenyra would negative to neutral her brothers , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral that , she positive neutral negator neutral . hnegative , it'd neutral neutral neutral and rainbows , neutral neutral the years , with rebellions and conspiracies popping neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral to the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive her neutral . neutral , neutral of neutral and positive negative her ministers . and neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral vii positive neutral plantagenet for " neutral " when neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral plans for neutral neutral neutral .
>the neutral to rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral , neutral neutral neutral rights , should neutral succeeded him , neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral with thi " neutral rights " neutral . rulers neutral westeros neutral the neutral to neutral their neutral . viserys neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral .
positive she neutral inncorect multistop she neutral negative neutral rhaenyra neutral thi neutral to hpositive that she neutral intensifier neutral positive her neutral 's neutral neutral neutral and would negator neutral anyon multistop
you positive neutral if the greens neutral negator neutral their neutral spies and bodyguards to hnegative him , assassinations neutral negator intensifier hpositive .
respects and obeys her intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral against her orders whilst she positive incapacitated neutral neutral and berates her for neutral her decisions neutral neutral neutral of neutral her vassals .
neutral neutral to neutral her to neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral how neutral positive groomed her , neutral positive choked her , neutral positive fucked hnegative with nettles ? hnegative neutral negator neutral and positive rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , hpositive when neutral suits him . hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral you mentioned how neutral and neutral neutral hnegative 's hnegative and rhaenyra neutral negator aprove of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negator her aprovement . intensifier what positive neutral ?
neutral respects her positive neutral neutral neutral gta npc multistop
you neutral neutral neutral and neutral where they positive killed neutral of heleana 's toddlers that positive negator to neutral with neutral ?
alicent and neutral positive loved neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral negator neutral them .
that positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . how neutral neutral hpositive her positive ? neutral seemed positive intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral velaryons neutral neutral neutral enemies with laeonr 's neutral negative .
neutral positive aemond , daeron neutral lives multistop lannisters , hightowers , baratheons neutral supports neutral 's positive multistop
aegon , daeron and aemond positive neutral positive with neutral armies neutral to neutral 's neutral neutral the strongest neutral neutral the neutral kingdoms . and she neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral otto neutral . neutral 's negator positive the neutral neutral maelor 's neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral of ? neutral neutral pre-established rules of neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive diminisher positive neutral for neutral , the hnegative positive that neutral rulers neutral 'chosen' the neutral that positive positive neutral neutral with pre-existing precedents , positive aenys neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral whether maegor neutral rhaena neutral neutral aenys neutral the neutral neutral that neutral aegon neutral neutral , neutral arguements neutral and neutral neutral negative recognised neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral could've named rhaena neutral neutral , neutral how hpositive positive neutral that neutral would've supported her positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to positive 'by neutral rights' viserys 's neutral should neutral neutral neutral ; they neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral views neutral justified neutral their neutral interpretations .
neutral if alicent positive rhaenyra would negator multistop the neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral positive hnegative to positive , neutral would . when you neutral neutral neutral , when you neutral neutral neutral , your children having neutral neutral of neutral neutral their backs positive negative hnegative negative , negator negative how neutral .
we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral where neutral neutral . neutral for hnegative 's " neutral positive " .
neutral positive negator positive abou rhaenyra 's neutral neutral that negative multistop neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral thi multistop neutral neutral noticed neutral the neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra multistop neutral makes neutral positive with their hpositive approaches how to neutral wars multistop rhaenyra positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral hnegative neutral straightli toward negative multistop neutral neutral neutral hnegative 's neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral and negative becaus of neutral 's neutral multistop neutral we should neutral and neutral
neutral positive negator neutral they killed him neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . they neutral negator neutral to positive neutral the velaryons neutral neutral them neutral the neutral becaus they could neutral neutral positive positive whenev they wants . negative neutral neutral negator neutral himself killed neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral and most-feared neutral neutral neutral westeros .
>in neutral neutral could've named rhaena neutral neutral , neutral how hpositive positive neutral that neutral would've supported her positive neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral she should the neutral . neutral supported her and her neutral claims neutral maegor died . aenys neutral neutral negator the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . >people neutral neutral to positive 'by neutral rights' viserys 's neutral should neutral neutral neutral ; they neutral neutral . negator they neutral negator . neutral of the rights neutral neutral has neutral to neutral negative neutral . you negator positive aegon positive neutral neutral " neutral rights " when you neutral ignoring neutral of the rights . >it 's hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , negator neutral positive negator . jaehaerys neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral when neutral neutral baelor the neutral neutral rhaenys . the neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral that neutral picking viserys neutral laenor .
hnegative would negator neutral negative things negator rhaenyra 's positive multistop neutral respects her neutral queen…if hnegative neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive described neutral maesters neutral would neutral killed aemond neutral neutral diminisher positive to neutral that greatest neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator positive hnegative resentments toward neutral hnegative , they positive neutral and would negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative for daubts and feelings neutral , neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that destroyed everyth and neutral neutral negative hnegative too.i neutral hnegative showrunners positive that aemond / vhagar neutral from neutral , that negator neutral positive of controlling dragons caused that negative what positive neutral of the dragons multistop
neutral if neutral neutral soley hnegative , rhaenyra neutral neutral negator against neutral . hpositive neutral positive putting your halfsister neutral neutral negative neutral where she neutral commits neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral the neutral , rhaenyra positive mentions that neutral positive neutral her and hnegative neutral neutral , and that they positive neutral hnegative becaus of neutral . to your neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive consequences . the neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra would neutral negative , and viserys and aegon would neutral neutral neutral bastards . the velaryons , although diminisher placated , neutral gonna neutral neutral diminisher neutral they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they neutral supported rhaenyra and neutral negative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral , corlys neutral intensifier neutral to deciding to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys arguing negative that neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral of laenor neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
positive , “ hnegative ” . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , and although neutral neutral neutral to diminisher lords , the nobles neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would positive positive neutral her positive neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
" neutral " neutral neutral hpositive disinheritted
neutral hnegative neutral listens to rhaenyra . neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive plans to hpositive aegon 's children
>in the neutral , rhaenyra positive mentions that neutral positive neutral her and hnegative neutral neutral , and that they positive neutral hnegative becaus of neutral . neutral hpositive what she neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral that they killed laenor . corlys and rhaenys neutral hnegative neutral to positive they negator neutral hnegative and rhaenyra of neutral their neutral negator neutral . >to your neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive consequences . the neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra would neutral negative , and viserys and aegon would neutral neutral neutral bastards . they would negator neutral to neutral everyon neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral parents . >the velaryons , although diminisher placated , neutral gonna neutral neutral diminisher neutral they neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral dragons and neutral neutral positive spends neutral of neutral neutral from neutral . they could neutral him whenev they wanted . laenor hpositive could negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they neutral supported rhaenyra and neutral negative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral , corlys neutral intensifier neutral to deciding to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral rhaenys arguing negative that neutral him . >i neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral of laenor neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the writers positive rhaenyra negative neutral neutral positive she killed her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive loves her neutral neutral and showrunners neutral positive
yep , that positive what neutral neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral you from neutral negative neutral and positive negative hnegative you when they neutral frustrated that you neutral you neutral neutral positive and and ideas . if hnegative 'loves' rhaenyra , neutral positive positive and hnegative and should negator neutral defended , negator of that positive to neutral neutral that neutral positive her neutral .
* the neutral that rhaenyra neutral negator neutral to neutral of her siblings , neutral neutral ( intensifier aegon , neutral positive neutral of them ) bothers neutral intensifier , intensifier intensifier neutral * *literally negator neutral mentioning daeron* ( neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the intro neutral neutral , positive , - neutral intensifier of viewers neutral the neutral negator negative what the intro neutral *was neutral neutral them * everyth , intensifier everyth , positive thi negative passed positive targaryen neutral * neutral the positive of neutral caused the hpositive neutral harrenhall * mysaria negator neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative , having him negative neutral neutral multistop negative hpositive neutral
for neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent and rhaenyra neutral viserys' neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that decades of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral for alicent to intensifier negative rhaenyra moments neutral positive with her . to hpositive alicent neutral neutral positive neutral they positive to hpositive neutral intensifier she " hnegative " viserys' neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral promised . neutral , neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive " neutral defying negative vs . positive "
neutral with neutral of thi , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the fallout of laenor 's " negative " . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi positive neutral , and we neutral neutral diminisher of the repercussions of neutral via the driftmark neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral how rhaenyra seems diminisher surprised that neutral neutral that she positive laenor " killed " when she intensifier anticipated neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral when she neutral planning neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral how vaemond negator mentions laenor 's negative neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive becaus everyon thinks that laenor has positive murdered . and to vaemond , neutral looks positive the neutral hpositive for laenor 's negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral laenor 's neutral . you would neutral neutral would neutral someth neutral that sinc neutral positive letting everyth hnegative of neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral . ep and positive the positive issues for neutral . the decisions they neutral for diminisher characters neutral intensifier negative . alicent has positive neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral to hnegative for her kids' lives and positive positive neutral neutral ep to neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral she feelings conflicted , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards for the neutral years and neutral neutral contrived hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ! that neutral negator hpositive her neutral , neutral hpositive makes her neutral negative . hnegative for her neutral would neutral intensifier neutral than that . neutral neutral the neutral that their neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral them neutral negative oopsie . alicent neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , she hpositive hnegative ! aemond neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral him and neutral neutral hnegative ! criston neutral negator negative to neutral beesbury , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive ! positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive that they neutral neutral to hpositive the characters intensifier likeable that neutral backfired from neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral intensifier likeable neutral neutral neutral these . neutral neutral them neutral hnegative and hnegative fools . positive we neutral alicent 's positive terms that the neutral tries to neutral hnegative neutral hpositive and hpositive and positive . neutral that neutral to neutral negative negative neutral ? neutral would negator neutral my toddlers neutral to aemond and aegon for minutes , what makes you neutral neutral positive neutral them neutral their glorified hostages ? negative negator . neutral , alicent neutral neutral neutral ep that rhaenyra and hnegative positive negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive she negative positive terms of she believes that ? neutral she diminisher positive neutral neutral ? neutral with that we neutral the neutral neutral neutral ep neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral the negative positive from the neutral ? neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . rhaenyra neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with that " fukcing neutral " neutral . positive she neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral . she hpositive neutral her neutral , her neutral , her neutral and her neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus of alicent neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent 's hnegative neutral of neutral positive that positive positive hnegative for years neutral ? positive ? rhaenyra should neutral positive neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative of positive neutral them should neutral neutral . negative neutral things neutral happened for neutral neutral feelings to neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . the feet neutral . what the negative neutral that ? those neutral my neutral complaints . neutral neutral liked the neutral neutral the neutral neutral episodes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive negator neutral negative neutral of how positive neutral to neutral positive .
neutral corlys 's positive positive , neutral my hnegative , intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to handover neutral neutral 's lands and titles to the hnegative neutral of neutral daughter-in-law and her neutral . having corlys positive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names " neutral negator neutral neutral . that positive hpositive hpositive neutral masquerading neutral positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral negative that corlys thinks rhaenyra positive complicit neutral neutral neutral laenor 's neutral . and to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative , moments neutral corlys says rhaenyra positive complicit neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral positive pledging her the neutral hpositive of driftmark . to neutral neutral , diminisher of thi stems from the neutral ( which neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative ) , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the timeline of events neutral the neutral neutral corlys 's positive intensifier positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral oriented neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral oriented neutral that results neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral timeline intensifier positive them neutral neutral neutral neutral and developing positive neutral neutral . the negative neutral timeskips positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral that they neutral wanted to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , if that positive the neutral they should neutral hpositive started hpositive and / neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral flashback neutral timeline neutral of storytel , neutral positive they could neutral hpositive moved the neutral we neutral neutral neutral to intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of and neutral the negative segments neutral to neutral
the neutral alicent hnegative viserys and hnegative the neutral becaus of the hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral alicent neutral neutral intensifier positive characters if she positive rhaenyra neutral gonna neutral her children and she usurped the neutral to hnegative her children . we neutral positive neutral otto neutral her that rhaenyra would negative her children , intensifier neutral makes positive . with the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive seems that the writers neutral negator hpositive how to hpositive alicent negative to hnegative the neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral points of positive positive that neutral neutral neutral negative / positive entitled to the neutral neutral the hnegative fits for neutral . neutral of the neutral points of the neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative things and hnegative positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral which nuke-riding neutral gets to neutral the neutral . the neutral ~portent~ appearing to rhaenyra implying she has neutral neutral to positive makes neutral positive that they neutral gonna neutral to hpositive her daenerys
the neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral of neutral and negative with intensifier negator consequences . neutral neutral surprised hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to negative when neutral neutral neutral vaemond . neutral suffered negator consequences for neutral . neutral maims aemond neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral sees and neutral suffers negator consequences . alicent steals viserys' neutral and attacks rhaenyra , and she suffers negator consequences . larys burns neutral neutral and neutral positive and alicent knows neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral suffers negator consequences . criston beats joffrey to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and *he suffers negator consequences . * the criston neutral positive the neutral that intensifier gets neutral . neutral of the others neutral neutral hand-waved neutral viserys letting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , harwin positive expelled from the neutral neutral for attacking criston . neutral neutral criston provoked him neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral . ( that neutral that hpositive justified aemond hnegative negative neutral ? ) neutral criston , neutral *kingsguard , * murders negative positive neutral and strikes the prince-consort to neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gets to neutral alicent 's neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral valyrian neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral positive positive the negator of neutral neutral of diminisher of the intensifier " neutral characters " . rhaenyra and alicent neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative with thi sinc neutral allows you to neutral neutral they neutral the neutral they neutral . neutral makes them neutral . neutral if neutral neutral negator positive alicent neutral , neutral neutral neutral what her positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral her and rhaenyra to neutral neutral alicent neutral negative neutral neutral positive with rhaenyra 's neutral neutral her views neutral neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra bucks against alicent and the systems she perpetuates intensifier hnegative . you " neutral " them . hnegative , with neutral intensifier of hnegative characters ( positive laena , rhaenys , the twins , rhaenyra 's neutral , criston , etc ) you neutral negator neutral thi neutral negative of neutral . negative they neutral neutral characters and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to the neutral ( and diminisher of them neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral positive neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral stretches of neutral dedicated to hpositive them and their stories . the neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent takes the positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of moments where neutral could neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral for these characters neutral neutral negator happened . the scenes positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral edited for tv / neutral , neutral they hpositive negator neutral the oppertunity to neutral those things . laena diminisher serves neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral of sucks sinc she neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral the books . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of her neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative to alicent neutral . alicent could neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral with her neutral . we neutral neutral her positive negative with them neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of their neutral neutral of those hpositive . we hpositive what she positive neutral to neutral for them and we hpositive she has neutral neutral neutral with them negative how they neutral for her neutral anybodi neutral , neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of that . we neutral her neutral neutral aegon neutral diminisher hpositive , hnegative aemond , negative to intensifier neutral with helaena becaus helaena positive hpositive neutral of neutral neutral , and positive they neutral adults . neutral would neutral neutral liked to neutral intensifier of rhaenyra 's neutral with her children , their neutral with laenor ( becaus cmon , neutral neutral their " neutral " for the neutral decadeish of their lives ) , and how neutral sets of neutral interacted with neutral hnegative neutral they intensifier began to negative neutral hnegative . the twins neutral intensifier underused , harwin neutral underused , rhaenys positive underused , neutral neutral intensifier neutral places where they could neutral neutral intensifier info neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral the " daeron neutral " which intensifier grinds my gears . negator neutral neutral positive neutral mentioned , neutral , neutral hinted to that alicent has neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral aegon , aemond , and helaena . those neutral the neutral children alicent has . if they neutral daeron neutral alicent 's neutral neutral neutral thi positive creates the negative of where neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral we negator heard anyth neutral him neutral alicent neutral neutral neutral . daeron positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . thi means neutral neutral aegon and aemond would neutral noticed alicent neutral neutral neutral . we positive hpositive they neutral intensifier neutral with her , neutral neutral negator neutral she would hpositive hnegative from them for months to neutral the neutral neutral negative . and neutral positive , if that positive the neutral would negator otto and neutral larys hpositive neutral him negative how intuned they neutral with the happenings of the neutral and alicent positive ? and if daeron positive negator alicent 's neutral ( neutral positive neutral hnegative of negative targaryen positive viserys , hnegative , neutral neutral aegon ) neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ? neutral would negator neutral the neutral of intensifier welcomed into the positive negative neutral 's neutral neutral positive securing hightower neutral neutral the neutral and negator allowing bastards neutral the neutral . and if neutral positive negator neutral negative and hpositive neutral oldtown , neutral the fuck has negator mentioned him neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral anyth that has neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? and if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative how neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral what neutral would neutral him neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral ? laena and alicent 's roleswap neutral bothered neutral neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the intensifier plothole that positive daeron .
neutral neutral the positive neutral alicent + her children could've positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral . the positive scenes positive neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , neutral if neutral showed how she neutral neutral larys to neutral her neutral neutral the scenes .
hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive they positive neutral diminisher hnegative choices . hnegative 's neutral to laena neutral hnegative neutral . criston ruining the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral intensifier hand-waived . rhaenyra negator positive to her half-siblings neutral neutral . rhaenyra 's negative with harwin neutral diminisher hnegative neutral negator daeron neutral neutral problems to to could neutral positive solved neutral having to intensifier episodes . neutral loved the neutral and neutral neutral positive surprised neutral how neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral into neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral that diminisher of the neutral intensifier problems neutral neutral with neutral could neutral positive solved neutral hpositive having negative to episodes to neutral neutral the neutral .
alicent 's hnegative viserys 's neutral words hnegative neutral the hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral trifecta of negative * neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral appears to neutral neutral the negative hnegative of neutral neutral that neutral of thrones viewers hpositive positive intensifier hnegative neutral * neutral neutral 's alicent hnegative the neutral . neutral others neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive if she believes her children neutral neutral hnegative * viserys 's neutral words neutral intensifier hnegative sinc neutral neutral negator neutral otto and the neutral neutral 's plans ( positive points for those plans neutral alicent neutral intensifier neutral of neutral )
aegon hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . the neutral hnegative positive positive neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral the neutral and positive we neutral diminisher neutral of aegon . neutral wanted to neutral him neutral with negator neutral named neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral and positive deciding neutral neutral negator negative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative and we neutral negator of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive she positive neutral . how neutral we neutral to positive neutral thi ? and positive neutral gets challenged neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive accuses him of negative and we negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative . rhaenya destroying the dragonpit ruining the neutral . if neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral and the hnegative gets neutral neutral ? rhaenyra tells laenor neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral says neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive pissing hnegative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier ? neutral positive intensifier neutral these neutral the positive ones . neutral intensifier has neutral intensifier of flaws and neutral to positive .
neutral of the issues neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral of neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral contradicts neutral characters and positive . alicent and aemond positive neutral the hardest
the negator of scenes neutral larys and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
laenor 's hnegative neutral . the hotd writers neutral negator negative their favorites ( rhaenyra and hnegative ) to neutral negative hnegative intensifier they neutral the negative 's neutral neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral of them neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral and negative neutral they neutral neutral - we should negator neutral rooting for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral matters sinc neutral velaryon neutral positive neutered into neutral cheerleaders for anyth rhaenyra neutral
neutral of my grievances with the neutral diminisher stems from the neutral that neutral needed positive neutral episodes . neutral diminisher intensifier episodes would hnegative intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive . rhaenys neutral the dragonpit and negator of neutral neutral daeron neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral negator intensifier negative for that
>it would've positive intensifier neutral hpositive if she positive killed the neutral neutral how could she neutral killed the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral likes the maester neutral intensifier merging daeron neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with that would neutral positive neutral for neutral negative
>everything , intensifier everyth , positive thi negative passed positive targaryen neutral that neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier neutral hpositive levels , neutral neutral neutral and from the neutral of the viewers who'd positive positive neutral of thrones .
the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive if alicent and rhaenyra positive pretending neutral for the hnegative neutral 's neutral . hnegative hpositive lopped hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral , for neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral negator hpositive alicent hnegative for her and her kids' neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral vaemond neutral the neutral becaus rhaenyra 's neutral neutral multistop bastards multiexclamation
thi . neutral enjoyed the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral episodes positive positive the weakest neutral terms of neutral , and neutral positive the changing of rhaenyra and alicent 's characters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral of their negative book-dialogue they looked positive positive and hpositive fools
intensifier hpositive . ep & neutral the weakest for neutral which positive hnegative coz they neutral the neutral hpositive episodes neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , alicent negator negative neutral plans to hpositive aegon neutral , hnegative negator positive aegon , rhaenys multistop the neutral from the neutral neutral ep ( neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral rom-com ) , aemond neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative neutral
neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral her neutral from neutral , if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral and negator neutral neutral positive dany 's hnegative . neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her flaws / the neutral neutral her hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral issues positive neutral hnegative . ( positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral including that neutral neutral )
>even neutral criston provoked him neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive neutral . ( that neutral that hpositive justified aemond hnegative negative neutral ? ) criston neutral negator positive rhaenyra 's neutral positive harwin 's . >**criston** : *your neutral neutral the positive 's positive positive diminisher hnegative , commander* >*most neutral would neutral neutral that neutral of positive toward neutral neutral ( positive ) * >*or neutral neutral ( positive ) * >*or neutral son* and positive negative negative harwin neutral the neutral . >but criston , neutral kingsguard , murders negative positive neutral and strikes the prince-consort to neutral , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral positive gets to neutral alicent 's neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral reasons neutral criston would negator neutral punished , neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral criston should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ngl neutral positive neutral neutral positive how of hotd positive hpositive than of positive and positive the to neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral wayyyy intensifier characters and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral lines neutral the neutral neutral . hotd positive to neutral neutral , the neutral . positive positive neutral the neutral walkers , the neutral , daenerys , kings neutral , the neutral , brans neutral , and neutral neutral neutral with legit developed characters . hotd positive diminisher to positive neutral and diminisher characters to neutral and fumbled neutral
neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral the feet neutral , neutral neutral positive her hpositive committing to the neutral and negator feet shit would've improved the neutral neutral neutral
neutral that would neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral where neutral positive helaena positive congratulating her neutral neutral positive with rhaenyra and alicent makes neutral positive she neutral faking to hpositive rhaenyra into neutral hnegative positive of hpositive .
neutral with the changes they neutral to rhaenyra and alicent , their positive neutral the neutral neutral episodes neutral negator positive . neutral neutral contradicting neutral for the neutral neutral . alicent neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ep to neutral negative positive neutral and positive her neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ep positive , negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive ( someth that alicent hpositive her neutral to neutral negative ) . neutral for rhaenyra , when she proposed to hnegative , her neutral neutral " neutral neutral you to neutral the greens " . they neutral her " she positive neutral my neutral " neutral neutral the neutral of the positive remained . she neutral hnegative killed her neutral neutral to positive hnegative and neutral hnegative to neutral her positive . those neutral her neutral words . neutral , when the neutral neutral that hnegative positive needed to neutral positive that , she backs hnegative ? and neutral what ? neutral hnegative positive that neutral lasted diminisher than the negative that followed neutral ? neutral neutral neutral . she should neutral negator hpositive for alicent hpositive from her positive neutral ep and and neutral neutral for alicent . them diminisher neutral neutral neutral ep and negative neutral and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alicent caused her to hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral everyon neutral *why* harwin neutral neutral . ( neutral if viserys neutral negator . ) that neutral positive neutral criston provoked him . neutral attacking him , harwin neutral the rumors neutral him neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive . lyonel neutral says neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for that to hpositive positive , that means everyon positive what criston neutral neutral and neutral . with that neutral positive , neutral hpositive positive positive , sinc neutral insulted harwin 's hpositive , ( negator to neutral the hpositive of the neutral neutral ! ) and " slandered " him , that neutral positive diminisher neutral for harwin to neutral punished for what neutral neutral , when hnegative characters neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral hpositive neutral . **criston hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , annointed neutral of the negative of treasons . ** if neutral neutral neutral kl , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral surprised that harwin hpositive him , whether the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator .
from rumors neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator positive the neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral her and larys . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral to intensifier positive the alicent from the neutral , would neutral her to positive the neutral neutral and neutral the fcking neutral that positive putting her neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral negator neutral larys anymore . her positive neutral the hnegative neutral would positive her neutral to neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
aemon neutral hpositive would neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral : " the hnegative has visited neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , neutral maester . neutral neutral you multistop neutral cares diminisher whether my eyes neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral foreshadowy neutral lol .
saera neutral neutral hpositive negative . she neutral hnegative to volantis to hpositive neutral of essos .
positive hpositive you neutral jaehaerys and alysanne 's hnegative children and baelon 's neutral that died . they negative could neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative with their neutral . neutral aegon - firstborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . neutral neutral positive to neutral alysanne neutral assaulted neutral maidenpool . died neutral neutral . neutral daenerys - secondborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died of the shivers neutral neutral neutral gaemon - eleventhborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died neutral neutral moons . neutral valerion - twelfthborn of jaehaerys and alysanne . died neutral neutral neutral neutral nameday . neutral aegon - thirdborn of baelon and alyssa . died neutral neutral neutral neutral nameday . neutral aemma positive to neutral neutral brothers and to neutral neutral sisters . her neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral aka her nephews died neutral the neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral killed neutral neutral clansmen . her hnegative neutral neutral neutral died neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative what became of her neutral neutral sisters .
neutral intensifier multiexclamation thi explains neutral hnegative wanted to neutral rhaenyra intensifier intensifier . neutral positive loves rhaenyra neutral intensifier , neutral intensifier than that neutral loves neutral targaryen . hnegative neutral says that neutral wants to neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral hpositive positive neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her and neutral neutral neutral dragon-riding children neutral neutral . if vizzy neutral could've looked neutral neutral hpositive and allowed hnegative and rhaenyra to neutral neutral neutral , they would've positive neutral children to positive neutral the neutral positive of neutral targaryen . viserys intensifier messed neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral my hnegative thi neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral .
neutral aemon
hpositive neutral op !
viserra neutral neutral neutral alyssane . neutral positive negator positive that neutral hnegative .
neutral . neutral hpositive how the neutral would neutral to neutral aemon neutral rhaenys neutral . houses baratheon , arryn , hpositive , & velaryon would neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral the hightower positive intensifier it'd neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral “ the greens ” dure that neutral .
she neutral intensifier negative and positive her neutral to the neutral of neutral hpositive " negator positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of essos . " the neutral hnegative neutral positive that neutral jaehaerys hpositive destroyed neutral neutral neutral saera and her neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral of the targaryran neutral hnegative becaus neutral could negator neutral neutral of neutral sexism decades neutral the neutral happened .
positive for that ! hnegative for neutral them neutral . neutral wanted to neutral those neutral the neutral that neutral neutral reached positive years . those additions hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative that jaehaerys and alysanne positive diminisher children and outlived them neutral and neutral qurter neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to years neutral . they intensifier neutral the positive with what they positive . neutral negator hnegative neutral jahaerys neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier hnegative . neutral for the arryn 's . their negator of neutral neutral negative neutral deaths plunged them into positive neutral neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral neutral 'your grace' , neutral neutral positive neutral my kingsguard neutral neutral your neutral !
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive lol . neutral positive the neutral @jota_saraiva neutral neutral . they hpositive diminisher of the positive asoiaf neutral .
neutral depends . if neutral keeps neutral negative influences neutral neutral , rhaenys would neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral occurred becaus viserys allowed the hightowers to neutral hnegative amounts of positive neutral neutral neutral .
> jaehaerys hpositive destroyed neutral neutral neutral saera and her neutral saera neutral neutral intensifier of that herself . she neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative .
neutral positive to neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . archmaester vaegon and saera neutral neutral estranged neutral positive . alysanne hpositive died earlier than she neutral would neutral becaus she could negator neutral username the hnegative anymore and positive jaehaerys 's hpositive neutral positive neutral that becaus neutral could negator neutral neutral negator alysanne . neutral targaryen neutral from blossoming to hnegative intensifier neutral . which positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral for them neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral happened ( jaehaerys and alysanne 's neutral siblings , negative neutral , and nieces positive hnegative ends ) and neutral happens neutral hnegative hpositive neutral thi . positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral of how neutral hpositive neutral the neutral years of targaryen positive that the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive inherited . hpositive neutral of generations of targaryens . aegon neutral neutral ) , aenys neutral neutral ) , daeron neutral neutral ) , daeron neutral ) , and aerys ii neutral ) neutral neutral neutral of the targaryens neutral positive sinc aegon the neutral 's neutral ( including that neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral to neutral reached neutral with negative neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral neutral didn't ) neutral neutral positive negative positive when they died . intensifier neutral targaryen positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral and
neutral neutral negator you neutral hnegative and rhaenya to neutral vizzy neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher to neutral with negative positive ( neutral neutral , rhaenys positive neutral baratheon and neutral to neutral velaryon , intensifier neutral houses would positive hpositive positive neutral neutral ) , and intensifier neutral solidifying her hpositive to positive and positive herself and preparing herself . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator destabilise the neutral neutral otto positive believed neutral would .
neutral neutral negator neutral the hightower positive neutral neutral neutral non-targaryen neutral non-valyrian neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . the targs positive positive conducting kinslaying positive wars from the neutral negative positive aegon neutral 's negator the hpositive of hnegative houses and neutral to neutral neutral neutral when the claimants positive intensifier of their neutral neutral ( hnegative blackfyre vs daeron ii ) .
she neutral neutral teenager , that positive how neutral neutral . you neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral your neutral neutral of your neutral for decades and neutral negator neutral your neutral negative to her neutral of hnegative . and thi positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of events to neutral . alysyane wanted to neutral neutral neutral with her neutral and jaehaerys actions hpositive hnegative their neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive committed neutral neutral neutral alysyane risking her neutral becaus neutral wanted intensifier children becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral of them killed neutral pissed hnegative .
hnegative positive my neutral . my neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral !
neutral to what neutral neutral , women neutral ruled neutral westeros neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive houses , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the shows hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral allowing the influences of neutral houses positive the hightowers to hnegative . negator negative what happened , the hightowers positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral aegon neutral the neutral .
positive , neutral positive neutral has hpositive circumstances of neutral . hnegative , hightower positive positive what neutral neutral to the neutral of the dragons . aegon ii 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hightower .
that positive negator how neutral princesses neutral neutral .
neutral vizzy neutral , letting him neutral rhaenyra would neutral the positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier ironic that viserys and the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral of neutral the " neutral pillars of neutral valyria " with neutral targaryen / velayron neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral if they positive negator positive positive their hpositive with rhaenys and corlys !
positive for your neutral multiexclamation neutral positive neutral annoyed neutral neutral diminisher that they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive ; neutral neutral positive neutral queens neutral neutral and neutral positive negator bc those societies ( e.g. romanov neutral ) positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral than westeros . westeros arguably has neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative that they positive conquered neutral neutral women and that the women neutral negative neutral dragons ( and intensifier sexists neutral neutral them neutral exceptions that neutral negator negative their neutral worldview ) . the neutral positive positive whether they neutral the neutral of neutral neutral factions . if diminisher houses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral to hpositive someth of neutral , they positive of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative ( hpositive neutral they would with neutral , negator of positive , etc ) . that positive what happened with the neutral and neutral positive neutral negator means negative .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of hightower positive and intensifier neutral neutral of viserys neutral the foundations of neutral neutral negative with negative negative neutral which neutral neutral claimants , which positive what the neutral positive for neutral these positive wars positive . positive baelon neutral neutral viserys named aegon ii neutral , the hightower positive would negator neutral mattered neutral contributed toward neutral positive neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral . > aegon ii 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hightower . neutral you neutral positive the lannisters and baratheons . the tullys neutral neutral if neutral grover positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative when your neutral kills your boyfriend ? diminisher neutral from neutral positive rhaenyra would neutral if she neutral negator neutral ? neutral rhaenys neutral neutral neutral negative escapades with corlys negator the neutral 's hpositive neutral . neutral rhaena neutral from her positive neutral maegor neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . negative the positive neutral that jaehaerys usurped from neutral neutral balerion intensifier neutral diminisher positive how targ princesses neutral . negator positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral fanatics ?
neutral that positive negator how *your* neutral princesses neutral . targ girls neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier .
*i'm neutral to neutral , dametargaryen . *
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier becaus velayrons positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral conquered westeros . aegon 's mom neutral velayron and neutral neutral aenys neutral neutral to neutral velayron neutral neutral jaehaerys multistop
viserys neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive for hnegative .
westeros neutral hpositive ruled neutral rhaenys and visenya , with rhaenys neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and positive duties . hpositive they neutral hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral .
that positive neutral negative positive , for hnegative . the intensifier hnegative neutral when rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral dragonstone for viserys neutral years . neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hightowers neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral and the neutral neutral . positive neutral , negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and rhaenyra neutral geniuses .
jahaerys positive positive and banished her .
neutral , of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral targ *man* , negator neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
> hnegative takes harrenhal and sends the neutral to rhaenyra . positive negative . neutral would negator neutral positive neutral to her neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations showrunners neutral negator hpositive to f&b to the neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral makes intensifier positive for him to neutral b&c neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dragonstone positive the neutral neutral from neutral 's neutral .
neutral positive they positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they positive neutral aemond vs hnegative to neutral viewers for neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral episodes has neutral scenes . that would neutral neutral burnout
thi positive intensifier positive to what neutral positive neutral positive . neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral until the neutral , and neutral belueve neutral positive neutral with the neutral of neutral 's neutral . armond and hnegative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and positive characters , neutral would negator neutral hnegative to neutral them.off neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative than that , neutral seems intensifier hpositive .
neutral negator the neutral of the neutral neutral rhaeneyra neutral kings neutral
neutral and neutral feelings positive negative end-of-season negative neutral . neutral negative the timeline of events , neutral positive neutral toward the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of for negative " neutral shit " neutral .
neutral you neutral they positive neutral into aegon iii and neutral neutral ? negator hnegative they positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral seems positive to neutral
what neutral neutral of bitterbridge ?
neutral harrenhal positive neutral negative to neutral the riverland and positive neutral neutral neutral planning neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , that neutral negative
negator hnegative if the neutral of dragonstone positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive that neutral would neutral aemond and hnegative for neutral they would neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral gods neutral neutral ep neutral of the neutral neutral and rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral changing alicent 's neutral to neutral with / neutral rhaenyra 's ( she 's negative neutral neutral to rhaenyra when they positive neutral neutral rhaenyra positive hnegative ) . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral neutral rearranged
they neutral to positive the neutral , they neutral to negative neutral the battles of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral passed sinc neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral gods neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive and among neutral the battles neutral positive neutral tumbleton and the neutral that would neutral the neutral of the episodes
if neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral of that neutral would neutral to seasons negator alicent and rhaenyra negative to neutral hnegative
positive neutral with the neutral of the episodes they neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral moved to neutral and neutral neutral that the neutral positive the neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral allows to neutral jace neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral to we neutral to neutral helaena 's children and neutral them
the neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral of rhaenyra neutral with the neutral of aegon rhaenyra positive negator neutral until the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how to hpositive her neutral neutral than what neutral imagined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral
neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral my neutral ) neutral tumbleton
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral of rhaenyra and gods neutral she negator neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral intensifier if they neutral hpositive episodes per neutral
okay , hnegative neutral . neutral neutral rhaenyra loses neutral of kl neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral and her neutral neutral the negative armies positive neutral , aegon executes the neutral 's neutral neutral kl , and aegon the negative positive placed neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral positive negative hpositive one-season neutral .
they neutral neutral them neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral diminisher battles , positive neutral battles positive neutral 's neutral and neutral 's neutral positive neutral diminisher minutes and diminisher neutral battles neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes , hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral neutral battles .
with episodes neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher to neutral rhaenyra until mid-season sinc she positive the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral gods neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the dragonpit
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
goddamn , how has that subreddit neutral neutral intensifier mysogynistic and negative ? diminisher of the comments neutral that neutral multistop
examples ?
" that hnegative neutral of positive neutral from rhaenerya neutral what killed him . " " rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral choked neutral her " upvoted and neutral to neutral the positive neutral of comments when neutral neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral that neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
those insults neutral negator gendered . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral that positive neutral . hpositive becaus the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative . neutral characters positive tywin , cersei , jano slynt positive intensifier neutral neutral .

her neutral neutral gendered . “ sunfyre , neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , until broome neutral the neutral 's neutral with neutral neutral " and you would neutral neutral subreddit dedicated to the books would positive that and negator hnegative neutral to hpositive haha jokes neutral what neutral neutral neutral she neutral when sunfyre killed her .
positive the comments neutral neutral weren't ? intensifier neutral neutral ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral marriages and neutral of targaryens ( intensifier sinc their positive positive to neutral neutral neutral negative ) neutral neutral neutral diminisher topsy-turvy to neutral neutral neutral of , neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral hotd neutral neutral hpositive to neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , hnegative the neutral of my neutral , we neutral neutral named starks and hpositive retainers neutral *just winterfell alone* , and neutral of those neutral characters neutral hnegative and positive whole-ass , intensifier hpositive neutral threads from neutral negative . hotd positive intensifier neutral neutral asking you to neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral , *in neutral , * neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral storyline . ( neutral neutral )
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral , negative of hpositive families , and negative of hpositive storylines . if that positive what you neutral referring to , positive positive , neutral of the neutral should neutral hpositive to neutral , neutral would hnegative . neutral of the neutral focuses diminisher intensifier neutral neutral targaryen and neutral neutral neutral neutral to them neutral marriages , and diminisher than neutral the hpositive plotlines of positive , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of characters , neutral of whom neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral timejumps and diminisher mid-season recasts neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral of years , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative to positive and neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral scenes . that neutral , if you neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral rewatches to neutral positive for neutral with positive .
negator . neutral skips and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral diminisher of them neutral .
neutral of the hnegative positive neutral intensifier neutral negative , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hnegative to neutral .
if you neutral neutral positive , you should neutral negative neutral hotd , hnegative , if you positive neutral neutral positive , if you neutral neutral neutral rewatching neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive videos for neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral .
‍
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive how vhagar positive negative positive to neutral neutral neutral aemond 's shoulders lol
intensifier , these neutral intensifier negative . and helaena positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative online ? thi neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral !
neutral vhagar positive hpositive
hpositive ! neutral hpositive these .
vhagar neutral neutral neutral ! these neutral neutral
haelena and dreamfyre positive .
looove these . everyon positive hpositive neutral negator the captions .
hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive your neutral neutral !
these neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive ! neutral hpositive how neutral neutral intensifier intensifier captures the personalities neutral neutral neutral the likenesses .
intensifier neutral neutral anabel :
neutral zoomed neutral neutral seasmoke , neutral that neutral positive vibing .
positive omg
neutral has neutral positive , and neutral positive neutral rhaenys and meleys for neutral .
these neutral negative hpositive
neutral the neutral , what happens to seasmoke neutral laenor neutral ? neutral the books laenor positive killed and seasmoke makes neutral negative neutral dragonstone for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral velaryon hnegative ( neutral corlys 's neutral sinc laenor neutral , neutral , positive af ) rides seasmoke . neutral the neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative the neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive neutral laenor neutral . seasmoke would neutral followed him .
these neutral neutral !
thi positive intensifier hpositive
neutral loved neutral !
hpositive
neutral positive neutral multistop negative neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral negative multistop and neutral neutral positive neutral
positive !
hpositive , hpositive , hpositive !
and neutral negator daeron !
thi positive neutral ! neutral negative neutral laena neutral neutral ! and neutral daenerys neutral haha !
syrax looks negative
thi positive friggin hpositive . the neutral , the neutral , the neutral neutral . neutral **chefs kiss**
omg thi neutral intensifier neutral , neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral
deamon ans caraxes neutral intensifier intensifier neutral
they neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral pics , neutral neutral the neutral markings neutral everyon 's eyes neutral
thi positive how neutral neutral neutral the dragonets / neutral lizards neutral dragons of pern . neutral hpositive neutral , op !
thi looks soooo hpositive multiexclamation negative neutral multiexclamation
arrax looks negative
neutral vhagar positive neutral
caraxes positive intensifier badass negative
neutral hpositive her neutral !

neutral ? ! neutral hpositive how neutral and neutral targaryen positive intensifier positive positive intensifier hpositive / positive .
neutral shit . negative !
diminisher positive that laenor positive neutral neutral “ neutral ” and neutral seasmoke .





neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon has neutral they positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral the neutral runners and hbo neutral neutral neutral hinting these positive neutral neutral , neutral positive thi hpositive manufactured neutral for reddit points ?
- neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral they neutral gonna hpositive neutral neutral of those battles . they neutral the neutral when they greenlit the neutral , and we positive diminisher intensifier battles neutral positive , diminisher of which neutral neutral dragons ! neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of hbo and neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral events that neutral negator neutral neutral yet…
neutral neutral neutral , neutral redditors positive for diminisher neutral that , negator neutral neutral these events neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , neutral that the neutral to positive that positive negative neutral posts neutral neutral neutral neutral subreddit ?
>i neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral to positive the 'idea' of the showrunners neutral neutral hbo negator adapting the neutral hpositive battles and fights neutral the neutral and diminisher neutral negative with neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral to neutral for you to neutral to neutral negative with neutral ?
intensifier they negative negative neutral of the neutral of dragons neutral negator the dragons neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop
the neutral they neutral neutral neutral diminisher events neutral the timeline positive neutral of negative negative neutral fucks with the timeline / neutral of events diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral positive positive that , neutral neutral negator positive them intensifier with the timeline . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral of those things . neutral they neutral neutral that they positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral , negator neutral them intensifier . neutral , neutral neutral the build-up to the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral members positive neutral the stepstones neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral things neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral negative uptick neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral those things neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to positive positive with the manufactured neutral neutral events that positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . those things neutral moved neutral negator neutral those things negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator , neutral we positive that they positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of to neutral neutral hpositive heard thi and positive " they're neutral battles ! "
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral alicent intensifier . neutral alicent to neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral catelyn and neutral diminisher hnegative margaery
cersei wanted neutral and neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we hpositive ( neutral the neutral ) alicent negator wanted to positive herself .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative these comparisons neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral the books neutral positive neutral alicent where you neutral her , neutral neutral alicent positive positive intensifier neutral neutral of catelyn and sansa if anyth rhaenyra positive neutral of neutral cersi-esque neutral neutral the books neutral that she starts hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive slides into neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the martell vibe . neutral rhaenyra positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral arya , neutral neutral dany . neutral diminisher cersi ? neutral neutral negative we positive neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . rhaenyra neutral negator intensifier neutral her " neutral wiles " to neutral what what she wants . she positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral . she tries to neutral positive relationships neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral hnegative and positive punished for neutral . she neutral resembles cersei neutral hpositive neutral neutral her bastards , which to neutral positive she positive neutral neutral that she positive neutral her neutral . she positive neutral neutral of targaryen exceptionalism , neutral neutral thinks her positive neutral neutral neutral her to neutral the confines of her neutral . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral diminisher positive her . alicent positive neutral neutral of positive and neutral neutral . she tries to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . she positive negator positive - neutral intensifier intensifier positive sansa , and neutral catelyn neutral her insistance neutral neutral and positive neutral those neutral negative the rules . neutral catelyn played the neutral of neutral and hpositive and neutral neutral until the events of the books ( neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral ) neutral alicent neutral her neutral and suffered hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral for cersei , neutral neutral remnants of the neutral 's 'evil stepmother' neutral , neutral that positive negator intensifier neutral alicent .
alicent neutral reminds neutral of neutral seasons dany . manipulated and neutral hnegative neutral her neutral neutral , neutral to neutral she neutral negator positive neutral grows to hnegative , etc .
wat .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how rhaenyra neutral neutral compared to neutral of those women , neutral from hpositive having hnegative children . arianne and cersei neutral seductresses and schemers neutral negative seeks to positive their neutral of neutral . rhaenyra positive neutral , wears neutral neutral , positive negator neutral to neutral her neutral for positive , and disappears from neutral for years neutral neutral neutral . neutral the bastards storyline positive intensifier hpositive , bc rhaenyra positive the neutral neutral the hotd storyline , versu cersei positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her children neutral the neutral 's .
hotd alicent positive neutral positive sansa rebranded
neutral neutral the arianne / cersei neutral with rhaenyra positive intensifier hpositive . positive neutral negative of arianne 's intensifier neutral goals with intensifier dragons , intensifier neutral , and diminisher positive for neutral gets neutral neutral the crossfire . margaery + cersei makes positive for f&b alicent , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral ! alicent has neutral of cersei 's characteristics — although neutral they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral margaery + sansa hnegative hpositive intensifier positive .
neutral rheanyra - negative negative when neutral neutral to neutral to dragonstone to neutral the neutral neutral rheanyra ( shireen neutral ) neutral positive rheanyra dany )
