neutral intensifier neutral . sexism neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive and the hnegative of neutral - neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . and that has diminisher positive eliminated neutral . the neutral itself neutral hnegative negator neutral thi neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral neutral the " neutral of thrones " anymore . the neutral targs neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral to the neutral and neutral of neutral . negative hnegative neutral .
intensifier - neutral diminisher likeable neutral the neutral of alicent . positive , she neutral neutral diminisher hpositive for the neutral itself , neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral positive neutral the books , she neutral negative hpositive and hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral of thrones ; neutral neutral neutral - for hpositive neutral for hnegative - neutral matters into her neutral hands . neutral the neutral , she positive neutral negative positive of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral - she positive neutral neutral hnegative *and* hnegative .
corlys , rhaenys and the neutral ? intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative with that neutral neutral expected corlys and rhaenys to neutral hpositive faves among the viewers .
neutral hpositive aegon and sunfyre neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative attempting to neutral neutral aemond and vhagar neutral him .
they neutral rheanyra 's badass positive to the neutral envoys and that neutral the neutral positive neutral she has dure the neutral neutral . neutral would negator you neutral neutral " mayhaps if they neutral the neutral hells " , neutral neutral to neutral neutral how they neutral rhaenyra 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral with you
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of the positive marks against hotd positive the neutral they looped neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral seasons of positive everyon neutral hoping to positive . if they positive to neutral that neutral they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative valyrian neutral positive blackfyre and hnegative neutral . positive you neutral , neutral changes rhaenyra 's motivations for claiming the neutral intensifier from neutral desires to hpositive duties . if neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral the negative of neutral she positive hnegative neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral into her neutral devices and whims .
to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral what they positive neutral with jace neutral intensifier neutral neutral has positive diminisher underwhelming , hnegative 's daughters neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator , corlys has positive declawed , rhaenys positive her neutral neutral and that positive neutral , neutral of rhaenyra 's neutral neutral and flaws neutral positive neutral onto hnegative , neutral positive that , neutral rhaenyra positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral .
neutral , negator to neutral neutral gives rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive negative to hnegative the greens' neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral ) . neutral the neutral , she positive neutral neutral becaus she positive neutral to neutral westeros neutral to neutral neutral neutral . they intensifier neutral neutral their neutral with thi negative , neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator , she neutral she neutral neutral with the neutral .
> neutral would hpositive if the neutral neutral started with her playing with neutral neutral neutral someth , positive neutral neutral to the neutral where we neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral negative her neutral intensifier > thi hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral how neutral neutral 's neutral positive her and how neutral damaged neutral caused to her and neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral flashback of negative rhaenyra and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral how hnegative her neutral 's neutral positive for her ? emma 's positive should neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative rhaenyra of the neutral of neutral her . neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral

neutral neutral miniscule , near-zero hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flashback sequences for positive , neutral positive actors positive casted . and neutral that neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral for negative rhaenyra .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive negator neutral and neutral positive neutral episodes neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral should've positive episodes… would've neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral and condal pushed for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hbo positive neutral whether hotd would neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral multistop neutral positive negator . neutral neutral positive asking for episodes and and and they hpositive neutral negator neutral . hpositive becaus they should neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
they positive dropped the negative from to for neutral neutral , hbo positive negator neutral to neutral to anyth neutral
hbo neutral negator neutral intensifier than episodes neutral for seasons of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator gonna neutral intensifier than episodes
positive negator that becaus they positive positive to negative hbo into neutral neutral for intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that , they negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
positive , neutral hbo neutral positive neutral the neutral negative of episodes that would neutral needed to neutral filmed . they would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that has neutral episodes .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive how polarizing neutral positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral entertained neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral / neutral characters positive him irl , intensifier neutral negative neutral positive negative hpositive positive of neutral with the targaryens hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral negative the positive for them neutral . for the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive " negative neutral " neutral would negator hpositive ; thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral heard of the neutral !
neutral positive negative neutral and neutral the negative neutral positive hnegative contributes to the neutral . neutral neutral positive what neutral hnegative , positive shitstain neutral positive . neutral positive what viserys ( dany 's neutral , negator dae dae's ) neutral presumed himself to neutral . neutral neutral . and neutral would negator neutral neutral of the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral audacious-ass neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral positive neutral .
i… multistop negative the neutral that neutral hpositive him . neutral neutral neutral hpositive to negative him . idk . fuck neutral
neutral positive daemons hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral . neutral neutral negator means neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral . negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier negative hpositive neutral . neutral speaks to how neutral neutral positive neutral negative how neutral in-universe neutral has projected into intensifier neutral . negative loved and hated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and our .
neutral neutral neutral , negative hnegative . neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral and against everyth neutral neutral for . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral 's positive and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive him and aemond neutral the neutral positive
neutral hpositive hnegative . that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral decisions and actions , neutral neutral hpositive what negative positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral has negative intensifier hpositive positive of neutral , hpositive , and hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral than those neutral him neutral . neutral intensifier believes that neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral others , puts neutral into cultivating the qualities that hpositive them positive , and positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of neutral to their neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral the books positive affects my hnegative of him , neutral neutral hpositive him neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral rooting for hnegative diminisher of neutral actions .
neutral positive positive neutral jaim . intensifier neutral , hpositive , and diminisher hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive . hnegative neutral , neutral neutral .
*over the centuries , neutral targaryen has neutral neutral neutral neutral and monsters . neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , intensifier positive , and intensifier reviled neutral neutral westeros . neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral neutral parts . to diminisher neutral neutral neutral hpositive , to others the blackest of villains . *
neutral positive him intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral neutral hated intensifier neutral negative they neutral someth neutral for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive of negative worshiping of hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral from grrm . neutral positive positive to neutral , positive and hnegative , has negative positive hpositive with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral scenes .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral hpositive him , neutral positive neutral neutral my positive . neutral positive negative asshole neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive , positive , hpositive and badass which makes him intensifier positive to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral has diminisher softer moments neutral neutral and neutral . negative neutral plays him positive and judging neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative scenes , neutral seems to intensifier neutral the neutral .
hpositive him , neutral neutral , positive , hnegative , negative 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive my favourite neutral negative .
neutral hpositive him . neutral hnegative neutral and bde neutral thi neutral of neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral . hpositive , negative has negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative , positive , and rizz that neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the woooorst neutral neutral hpositive him for neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive and hpositive when neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the blacks , positive neutral neutral to ursurp rhaenyra ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral relatives neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral vaemond neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ? what positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral goals , which neutral intensifier positive with the neutral negative neutral ? neutral positive intensifier negative becaus neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral , neutral has negator neutral with anyon neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative and hnegative positive spiraling . positive neutral .
neutral hpositive him . neutral positive positive to neutral !
neutral neutral neutral of my positive targs neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral baddassery hpositive neutral positive neutral . positive neutral positive negative neutral hnegative hnegative the neutral for neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
to neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral " positive " targaryen . hpositive and entitled neutral negative " i'll neutral what positive neutral with hpositive and neutral " neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral , with positive to neutral neutral those claims . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive targaryens . they neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative to hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive hnegative and neutral hpositive him
neutral hpositive hpositive him neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral hpositive him . loved him neutral the books , loved him neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral of characterising hnegative targaryen . neutral : neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral ; neutral positive intensifier complexed !
hpositive him and negative him . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral positive negative neutral , neutral negator neutral him playing neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral surprised . neutral brings negative neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative ️
neutral neutral neutral suckered for negative characters intensifier positive .
neutral positive someth intensifier watchabl neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
hnegative positive the neutral hpositive targaryen dragonlord . neutral hpositive him , neutral negator becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - hpositive . and if neutral neutral him , if neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative positive neutral the things that neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive . “ what positive neutral gonna neutral neutral ? ”
neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus you negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral with him becaus you negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral to do…
neutral negative to hpositive him . positive neutral intensifier of positive / neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral to viserys and otto . neutral positive the neutral would neutral neutral positive negator him .
positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral that makes the neutral positive , hpositive .
neutral neutral of the hnegative that neutral hnegative would neutral neutral diminisher fans and neutral would neutral neutral diminisher supporters of daemyra ( hnegative positive neutral sinc harley quinn & the neutral ) if neutral neutral played neutral anyon with diminisher positive than negative neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative , positive , negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral , and neutral negative . neutral treats neutral neutral positive shit neutral the neutral . negative neutral positive intensifier hpositive and intensifier hnegative positive positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive “ how neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral you ? ” neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral things , neutral neutral neutral fights neutral for those neutral loves . neutral positive intensifier confusing . neutral positive him , and negative him neutral neutral neutral
lowkey hpositive him for the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive “ that 's my neutral hnegative the fuckin neutral ” and the neutral neutral positive neutral positive “ you neutral neutral you neutral groomer pos ” . neutral positive neutral
neutral negator hpositive him negator negative him . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative negative neutral and neutral .
neutral hpositive him cz neutral neutral positive hnegative yk
hes neutral neutral of shit neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
hpositive him . positive , neutral , neutral , hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral would positive him neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
we hpositive negative !
hpositive him
positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral neutral obsessed with inuyasha neutral neutral kid and neutral loved sesshomaru . neutral neutral hpositive that thi positive hnegative .

him
neutral intensifier says someth neutral negative neutral that you neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive that neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive hnegative which neutral you positive neutral ! neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral of the neutral targaryans neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with the dragons intensifier than neutral others , and neutral hpositive thi positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral ! intensifier neutral negative ( neutral neutral for neutral ) neutral positive the anti-hero of the neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral to neutral intensifier of him neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the hpositive and negative hpositive of neutral neutral , positive my positive neutral the neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral from neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of the positive characters and played intensifier neutral negative neutral .
neutral ight
negative neutral positive the neutral neutral negative neutral him to neutral .
we hpositive him becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . lol
neutral diminisher positive positive , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral becaus hnegative positive vegeta from neutral neutral neutral if vegeta positive hpositive lines , neutral neutral neutral , neutral personal-dragon and neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive .
neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral / positive of him neutral the neutral - neutral positive neutral positive , hnegative and positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negator hnegative the neutral if neutral positive to neutral him irl . hnegative positive neutral negative *asshole . * neutral hpositive for viserys neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral hells , neutral hnegative grooms neutral neutral and kills neutral negator neutral qualms . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral - and hpositive to viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative , intensifier ruled neutral neutral emotions and instincts . whenev neutral enters neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive negative to hpositive neutral positive him neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral intensifier makes hotd negative for neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral . positive targaryen we neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral positive characters neutral positive positive the neutral ones that embodied the neutral " neutral of negative " neutral : characters neutral positive presented neutral having neutral hpositive hpositive hpositive and whose neutral neutral the neutral hinged neutral the choices they neutral . jaim lannister neutral to positive negative when positive hnegative 's neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral neutral , neutral jaim intensifier hpositive intensifier ; neutral neutral diminisher neutral characters , neutral jaim positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral ; neutral neutral enraptured neutral neutral positive that would neutral negative neutral neutral standards ; neutral neutral neutral hnegative things for their neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the " hunki hnegative positive " types . the neutral positive neutral neutral jaim , of neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral things started to negative hnegative the rails . neutral neutral from neutral positive , neutral , hnegative butcher—who would hnegative neutral negative positive negative positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral death—to neutral the qualities represented neutral the neutral neutral of the kingsguard . hnegative neutral hnegative hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and what we neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive hpositive and neutral devil-may-care neutral , portrayed positive neutral negative neutral , and neutral positive negator hnegative to positive that neutral positive emerged neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral hpositive negative neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive negative how neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral ramsay and joffrey , neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive to rhaenyra and has neutral neutral with her , neutral intensifier of hnegative fans neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive *as bad* neutral ramsay / joffrey , neutral neutral has the neutral positive tendencies , the neutral negator of neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative and positive neutral . hnegative positive positive intensifier positive joffrey than neutral positive tywin . neutral neutral gets neutral diminisher " negative the neutral " moments , neutral neutral relationships neutral negator the healthiest neutral . neutral groomed rhaenyra , and positive neutral to neutral negative hnegative to her .
neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral if hnegative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral don'f negative him to neutral my neutral / neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral / neutral with him neutral positive positive negative and negator cared for neutral neutral himself and neutral neutral neutral
hpositive him . everybodi neutral hotd positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hpositive him . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral of negative hnegative neutral him multiquestion neutral positive positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral him neutral that neutral . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral for rheanyra , alicent and their neutral . what neutral neutral hpositive neutral him hnegative positive how hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive positive thi positive what they positive neutral for . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the hpositive of the neutral neutral the hnegative sees him neutral the hnegative villian . neutral neutral the books neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral positive my doubts neutral how they positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral and for neutral that positive neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive for that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hpositive feelings for him . neutral neutral negator hpositive negator negative him . neutral neutral negator bored neutral him intensifier that positive hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him neutral neutral neutral . neutral sorts of hnegative neutral neutral makes the neutral positive to neutral .
conflicted . neutral positive the positive of neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive they neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hnegative positive with neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral
hpositive him . neutral positive positive that positive neutral you negative from neutral neutral warrior/ neutral .
neutral positive the positive hotd neutral
hpositive him . negative neutral has negative neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral loved neutral neutral neutral holt neutral thi positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral , hnegative positive hpositive and neutral positive negative that thi neutral managed to hpositive him intensifier hpositive when , neutral thi , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ! hnegative positive neutral positive neutral , intensifier hpositive , neutral of those cersei neutral neutral neutral you hpositive they neutral messed neutral neutral you hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral downvoted to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral hnegative for neutral , neutral neutral liked hnegative characters . positive neutral hpositive neutral negator for neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral " negative " neutral him , neutral neutral shitty hnegative diminisher neutral and neutral obsessed with your neutral neutral negator redeeming qualities neutral my hnegative . neutral positive hpositive negative entitled negative neutral and neutral and neutral negative that the neutral neutral makes him hnegative than the neutral neutral and tries to hpositive neutral neutral for him neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the " hpositive " neutral . and neutral negative the comparisons with jaim , neutral neutral seasons jaim . jaim has neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to tyrion than hnegative has neutral positive to viserys , and neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative of positive dreams and neutral neutral kingslayer ( we hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive ) . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral " hnegative badass neutral " and that positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral . with neutral that neutral , negator against negative neutral , neutral seems positive neutral intensifier negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hnegative has neutral negator to hpositive neutral positive him neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative , and positive .
neutral has the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator black-and-white neutral neutral neutral him , and that positive what makes him intensifier positive to neutral . negator hpositive negator negative - hpositive mesmerised .
hnegative positive neutral c***t neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral with ewan neutral aemond , neutral of them neutral hpositive characters intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes them neutral neutral to neutral
hnegative positive the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral someones negative neutral neutral tv neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral badass
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral 's positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive him until neutral bashed neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & positive choked neutral positive neutral lol
hnegative positive negator neutral negative neutral , neutral my hnegative .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive the unpredictability the neutral brings to neutral neutral neutral , although neutral neutral negator positive neutral carries neutral to the neutral neutral when compared to the hnegative characters .
neutral positive hpositive and positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative hnegative for neutral
neutral hpositive him becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral anyth to hnegative the ones neutral loves , intensifier neutral children .
neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral positive negative , hnegative neutral neutral caring neutral the neutral neutral for the ones neutral loves . neutral neutral positive neutral himself , negator neutral neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive unhinged targaryen neutral neutral positive and makes the positive & neutral intensifier positive , you positive negator hpositive what neutral positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , everyth neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral with negator hnegative positive positive , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral your choices and positive that positive neutral that matters
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral earlier that hnegative positive the neutral , hpositive , targaryen dragonlord . when you hpositive viserys' neutral neutral the neutral that targaryen neutral positive “ hnegative and negative ” , you neutral positive the neutral ! neutral neutral hnegative that negative hnegative could negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral of neutral phillip neutral “ the neutral ” , and positive neutral neutral hnegative multiexclamation should've neutral my neutral ! negative positive integrates the negative neutral of hnegative 's neutral with the neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative neutral negator neutral increments . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral the “ negative ” and “ hnegative ” neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral if that changes… .
neutral , positive , neutral and neutral , with moments of negative and hpositive neutral neutral . how could neutral negator hpositive him multiquestion
neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive him unapologetically neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral , and hpositive neutral negator negative what multiexclamation negative neutral of hpositive multiexclamation
hnegative positive neutral hpositive tolkienesque hpositive . you neutral neutral becaus of the neutral schemes neutral neutral scenes . if neutral neutral negator the hpositive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive gandalf
neutral positive negative neutral has redeeming qualities . neutral neutral neutral to that intensifier neutral diminisher positive him .
neutral intensifier loved him neutral the neutral . positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive the falvour neutral to positive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive negative to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negator intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would've liked them to neutral the 'daemon likes rhaenyra becaus viserys' neutral neutral neutral would've neutral him neutral neutral diminisher diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? with neutral the neutral scenes *maybe* neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral targaryen positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral fam ? the daughters neutral neglects and the neutral neutral neutral neutral ignores / abuses ? if anyth neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral . what neutral neutral negator positive positive how neutral positive neutral neutral stans that positive negative *anything* positive you neutral allowed to positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of " negative that neutral hnegative " when neutral kills neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive multistop grooms neutral neutral idk . neutral they neutral neutral the ones neutral neutral others neutral neutral tryna stan neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative him .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral him neutral to neutral negative . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of him intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative positive you hpositive negator hpositive neutral hpositive . negative neutral neutral positive bringing hnegative to neutral and neutral him levels
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " the rules neutral negator neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral , and neutral of neutral to neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral douchiness and neutral nevers gets called neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . idk , neutral neutral neutral when neutral gets challenged neutral neutral intensifier consequences ( and negator viserys' neutral of negator intensifier neutral ) , neutral how neutral reacts to neutral neutral develops positive hpositive him positive neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral : asshole neutral douchy neutral , gets " neutral " for neutral , ignores that , gets neutral with neutral , neutral and neutral neutral needed .
neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral niece-fucker .
negative him . neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier positive larys .
meh
he'a positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive for him negative that neutral killed neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral into having neutral with him . neutral doens't neutral neutral neutral hnegative backstory to positive neutral actions the neutral tyrion neutral sandor neutral .
hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral betrays him neutral neutral has hpositive for him and positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral him . hnegative to neutral enemies and the enemies of neutral neutral . walks with neutral neutral balls neutral neutral legs . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
easy= neutral , neutral , negative . = hnegative
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral what neutral wants neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral shit neutral lol . negative ain't neutral the neutral
neutral gives neutral the ick , intensifier neutral neutral episodes . and neutral actions neutral negator anyth neutral hpositive likeable and neutral neutral neutral positive with ( neutral neutral and / neutral positive ) deserves hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive portrayals of grooming depicted neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral icky neutral the neutral hnegative episodes .
intensifier skeevy . neutral neutral donald neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral porn neutral neutral . and neutral sounds positive neutral positive positive inhaling neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral negator intensifier negative him , neutral positive negative . hpositive negative the weirdo stans that positive neutral positive neutral " neutral " neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . show-daemon sucks the neutral neutral of the neutral and gives negator neutral neutral for hnegative characters .
negative . royce . neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral attracted to neutral that neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , diminisher fucked neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive of honour and hpositive , neutral and neutral neutral neutral asoiaf neutral should neutral . negator intensifier stands neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
bc positive neutral positive chumba asking neutral negative positive neutral threads ,
.
neutral neutral intensifier negative when neutral grabbed rhaenyra ( ? positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral ) neutral the neutral . neutral to that neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral hpositive for her neutral neutral redeeming , neutral neutral positive toward her suggests diminisher hpositive and intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral know… intensifier of neutral neutral , “ duh ! ” neutral neutral positive positive , and neutral negative to hpositive him , neutral neutral keeps neutral negative hpositive negative , which positive intensifier intensifier : neutral neutral intensifier negative . positive my neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sociopath , and hnegative hpositive , neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral . and neutral has neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . and neutral neutral . and neutral armor… hmmm , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative attracts neutral .
neutral hpositive hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skarsgård playing him .
# neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral has neutral of the intensifier negative fandoms neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral intensifier of positive .
neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive what neutral sees neutral him .
neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of issues , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral + positive + negative scenes + pairing him with the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral tbh , thi neutral of " villain-like / hnegative positive " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fave . klau / hnegative / neutral from tvd neutral to positive , for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral morbius neutral lol
negative neutral neutral neutral of the positive doctors neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive positive , neutral of neutral neutral nicer than hnegative . negative neutral tends to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with gestures , postures , and neutral . neutral neutral dw , neutral neutral neutral neutral conveyed hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
>for the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral hpositive " negative neutral " neutral would negator hpositive ; thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral heard of the neutral ! thi ! neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral would neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral . hnegative positive what targaryen exceptionalism looks positive when the targs neutral neutral the neutral of their power…he hpositive neutral negator neutral the rules neutral to him and neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that positive what makes neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive frustrated neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative to using dragons / neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral plays to otto hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive .
that positive positive neutral intensifier positive negative
positive !
neutral . neutral bugs neutral that neutral hpositive him .
neutral positive negative negative neutral , and neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive than neutral positive anyon could
to neutral aemond positive hpositive the positive doo to hnegative 's scooby . neutral intensifier wants to neutral hpositive positive hnegative when neutral grows neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral plays neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral thi . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral for and positive positive neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral .
negative answered .
everyon neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral soo neutral negative rhaenyra negative positive becaus she killed the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral negative neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive my neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive negative neutral , neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral has the positive / looks to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for him . and becaus of that neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to positive neutral daemyra neutral , hnegative 's negative neutral , positive neutral neutral scenes , etc and hnegative , neutral , neutral downplay neutral the intensifier hnegative shit neutral neutral has neutral . neutral positive neutral negator the hpositive of thi neutral , unless neutral neutral neutral neutral jaim negative neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative treats him positive the hpositive .
thi makes neutral positive to neutral ! : negative
neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral positive hpositive hpositive becaus ramsay and joffrey neutral hnegative neutral for their hnegative . hnegative positive hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral means to negative neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that justifies neutral actions - hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive hpositive than ramsey and joffrey .
neutral neutral that positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral ramsey and joffrey would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with anyon .
>cut from the neutral neutral neutral ramsay and joffrey neutral intensifier positive negator negative to neutral neutral ; when neutral hnegative decisions and neutral hnegative actions that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier with neutral mindset positive to that of tywin lannister , negator joffrey neutral ramsey , and positive tywin lannister neutral knows when to neutral diminisher neutral measures to positive neutral neutral , hnegative joffrey neutral ramsey . hnegative would negator neutral positive ned hpositive beheaded positive joffrey neutral neutral treated sansa the neutral neutral neutral , hnegative would negator neutral killed neutral neutral , mother-in neutral , and neutral positive ramsay neutral and positive would negator neutral neutral what ramsay neutral to sansa
you neutral neutral downvoted neutral neutral neutral the neutral alicent , rhaenerya & their neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive characters imo
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . what neutral viserys neutral for hnegative ? viserys would negator neutral negative hnegative 's shitty neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral neutral you neutral that ?
bro intensifier called hnegative neutral " tolkienesque hpositive " . neutral you positive hpositive how neutral hpositive thi neutral has neutral ?
when neutral viserys negative him ?
neutral neutral attracted to women and neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral emma d'arcy . my favourite neutral neutral the neutral positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hundreds if negator thousands of threads hpositive to neutral if neutral asked thi negative positive ? if you neutral negator positive these posts , neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral these neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
that positive neutral . neutral neutral compared him to the likes of bram neutral 's dracula neutral the neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral on-screen neutral positive loved neutral women positive to thi neutral . hnegative boys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral folks neutral hpositive gonna neutral to neutral with that neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral the positive to negative neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator having positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral from . neutral could neutral neutral neutral case-study neutral diminisher of the individuals neutral thi neutral multistop

intensifier neutral of neutral greatest gifts to hpositive .
my positive neutral neutral dr . neutral . neutral fingers and neutral !
neutral of the scenes that neutral neutral portrays the neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral that positive neutral neutral to the crabs . neutral neutral neutral neutral ceraxys and the neutral starts positive neutral negative that everyon positive neutral negative neutral hnegative positive neutral . the neutral screams neutral “ i'm neutral my lor… . multiexclamation ” neutral diminisher gets neutral neutral neutral ceraxys lands and steps neutral him neutral him to neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral to neutral shit neutral , neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral aemond neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral of hnegative . aemond neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral the hands of neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral , bullied and mutilated . and neutral neutral neutral to neutral of that neutral claiming the positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negative neutral . hnegative for neutral neutral badassery , neutral negator neutral negative neutral hnegative backstory and seems to neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral to the neutral neutral gets neutral with neutral of neutral shit becaus neutral positive neutral with the neutral . neutral negative my neutral positive , neutral neutral aemond neutral intensifier of negative hnegative ( neutral if neutral has neutral hnegative neutral ) than hnegative neutral positive enjoys neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral wants negator neutral . that positive neutral neutral hpositive the neutral intensifier neutral .
if criston positive reminded joffrey neutral ramsay that they positive the neutral neutral unhorsed them neutral the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral the negative joffrey would neutral neutral to neutral criston positive neutral ramsay would neutral neutral neutral neutral criston abducted , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive and mutilated neutral ramsay himself , and positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral positive hnegative 's mindset neutral neutral to that of tywin . tywin positive intensifier neutral , neutral , positive and neutral and makes negator neutral unless neutral positive hnegative neutral positive positive . hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral for neutral neutral consequences neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive hnegative neutral joffrey neutral ramsay neutral *definitely* neutral to their mindset than tywins .
the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral viserys neutral
neutral viserys negator asked him to neutral neutral , diminisher the neutral , neutral neutral positive against neutral . neutral corlys neutral the richest neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of those neutral positive neutral .
neutral actions neutral hpositive positive negative .
neutral we neutral the neutral neutral ? hnegative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator , neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive viserys positive hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral called neutral neutral negative neutral the " neutral for neutral neutral " and neutral hnegative orchestrated the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral viserys to neutral rhaenyra to him . neutral neutral those neutral hnegative neutral , viserys neutral welcomed him neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral liked neutral neutral neutral hotd , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral devoured neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral , and neutral diminisher of neutral movies . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier cemented that for me-i neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral roles neutral positive hpositive and neutral nails them neutral intensifier ! ) . neutral to neutral neutral positive liked-you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . that positive what women neutral for . neutral neutral hnegative , harwin neutral neutral neutral and neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral and neutral positive hpositive for neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( although diminisher neutral positive neutral needed ) neutral makes for neutral af tv . neutral neutral positive studies neutral neutral how women neutral intensifier attracted to hnegative neutral ( negative ) . neutral hpositive hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral sociopath and becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral loves neutral neutral . that positive what humanizes him and that positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive him .
neutral positive the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
hpositive shows that neutral has negator neutral for neutral folks , hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral negative . positive , neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral cloaks neutral positive to him and neutral positive well-known and liked neutral kings neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral wants to neutral .
intensifier neutral ,
aemond has neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral himself to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive the neutral becaus of neutral positive . hnegative , neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral acted neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral that aemond has intensifier neutral qualities and experiences that neutral him neutral neutral to hnegative 's hpositive neutral . to neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive of hnegative neutral neutral makes the neutral intensifier hpositive . hnegative positive hpositive the neutral , neutral my negative hnegative of the hpositive grrm characters with hpositive neutral flaws neutral would neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral villains , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral . neutral of neutral neutral shades of neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative decisions neutral neutral hpositive , hpositive , positive , hnegative , etc . , , neutral neutral neutral neutral cores . granted we neutral negator neutral our neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop neutral steps . they neutral the hnegative hpositive of the neutral , neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral joffrey , for neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . we neutral negator neutral neutral qualities neutral him . neutral neutral and ramsey positive hnegative for the neutral hpositive of neutral , wherea hnegative 's actions neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral them , neutral negative hnegative . ramsey neutral has the negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that positive where neutral ends . that positive where neutral would neutral that neutral 's intentions for hnegative neutral hpositive hpositive than those neutral . neutral neutral hpositive adding that becaus neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral thi neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral 's neutral with hnegative .
negator neutral positive negator positive intensifier neutral neutral mindset to joffrey neutral ramsey than neutral positive to tywin , thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral progresses .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of complications neutral neutral , for neutral would laenor neutral the neutral neutral laenor velaryon neutral laenor targaryen ? neutral the neutral viserys and corlys neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral to neutral that rhaenyra 's neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral targaryen . corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , what would neutral happened if laenor hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral the positive of corlys positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral velaryon ? of neutral , neutral hind-sight , neutral positive neutral the positive of laenor neutral positive and neutral negator neutral positive to neutral children ( although thi positive negator intensifier positive neutral the neutral ) , if laenor hnegative neutral that the neutral and neutral neutral neutral depicted neutral the neutral what would neutral happened to the neutral of neutral ? intensifier when you neutral thi into positive , neutral neutral the neutral could negator neutral foreseen thi neutral the neutral , neutral neutral viserys neutral laenor positive neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative negative ?
when neutral positive passed neutral to viserys neutral of laenor , neutral gets neutral that corlys positive preparing to positive the neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral negative of thi negative neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral viserys against neutral neutral neutral neutral from corlys .
smh hpositive thi neutral thinks that neutral hnegative the orcs of kings neutral with the neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral negator neutral
negative neutral positive
positive thi , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral aemond intensifier becaus neutral neutral has intensifier neutral
neutral neutral positive the books neutral hpositive and nah , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral hnegative : negative
intensifier how would neutral joffrey neutral ramsay neutral harrenhal for neutral
positive neutral . hnegative positive positive .
hnegative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , threatened to hnegative everyon and neutral hpositive surrendered the neutral ? neutral that positive neutral neutral to the joffrey and ramsay neutral to things , than tywins neutral skeeming intensifier of hpositive neutral negative : would tywin ( neutral neutral ) neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral for diminisher negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral hnegative them neutral of their neutral positive dragons ?
the neutral positive neutral of the neutral , what the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral , that tywin would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral ? joffrey neutral ramsey would neutral neutral neutral neutral and started neutral the neutral , that positive the hnegative you negative to positive . neutral for your neutral negative , neutral neutral and positive the neutral , rhaenyra neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral her , she hpositive teams neutral with hnegative 's neutral neutral she positive negator issues with , her hnegative neutral neutral her positive that the seeds positive neutral against her , which positive negator to neutral with hnegative .
? neutral you should neutral neutral and positive the neutral , becaus neutral her positive of dragonseeds neutral neutral neutral neutral , f&b neutral names the neutral with hnegative neutral the neutral she demanded her neutral intensifier of hpositive >lady mysaria , neutral hnegative 's neutral , neutral the neutral with rumors of nettles and hnegative 's neutral . rhaenyra raged , declaring that nettles neutral spells to neutral with sheepsteal and to neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral to manfryd mooton , neutral of maidenpool , ordering him to neutral nettles 's neutral neutral negator to neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral to neutral him to neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral lol , if your neutral of tywins neutral positive that if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with negator hnegative and neutral neutral neutral lines into neutral neutral and neutral hnegative threats , idk what to neutral you lmao
neutral , you neutral yourself to the neutral of neutral neutral negative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
blacks ? greens ? neutral neutral with the negative .
neutral positive positive haeleana wanted to neutral neutral neutral and otto positive everyon neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive aegon to neutral the neutral asking for tickets
helaena positive intensifier negative for neutral , alicent positive positive and neutral aegon and aemond neutral becaus helaena neutral negative neutral to neutral tnmt . otto positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , alicent reminds neutral of those intensifier neutral pre-renaissance neutral paintings bc they neutral those neutral neutral poses
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral adults and neutral neutral , hpositive .
neutral the greens positive neutral daeron
neutral neutral feelings positive diminisher neutral positive positive they neutral required to hpositive neutral positive posts neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
they hnegative neutral negator neutral positive they neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral hnegative them ?
intensifier the neutral looks positive the mom . the oldest looks positive the neutral . and the neutral positive neutral looks positive neutral neutral . . . . um .
positive diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral negative barbie negative nc
aegon looks positive neutral has to neutral the tickets and neutral wants to hpositive helaena hpositive neutral neutral hpositive wants to neutral himself to neutral .
neutral neutral targy , neutral 's neutral neutral
negative negative ?
thi positive positive what happened .
neutral and aemond positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for weeks afterwords !
what neutral you negative neutral , otto positive positive the positive neutral !
and the others positive neutral to negative positive they neutral positive neutral negative intensifier neutral negator to neutral her hnegative , neutral aegon positive neutral positive neutral hnegative and positive that neutral sucks to which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from alicent for

intensifier negator neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral negator positive neutral him multistop neutral neutral ‍
thi positive neutral positive post…live neutral hpositive neutral ? + thi positive what my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive diminisher neutral if looks neutral encoded neutral neutral and positive positive to your neutral neutral members positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral positive subreddit to negative neutral the greens negator that positive
you neutral negator neutral to positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral subreddit for neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral .
wah-ah-ah dracearys
neutral hpositive neutral could neutral you negative neutral
otto would positive neutral haelena to neutral neutral neutral grandbaby neutral wants .
otto has intensifier threatened the boys into pretending they positive neutral .
neutral , hpositive , laugh….in hpositive and neutral .
and barbie meme neutral neutral positive .
you neutral neutral my neutral , positive neutral neutral
neutral daeron neutral neutral neutral of positive for negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral & hnegative neutral neutral barbie would neutral triggering my hnegative
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral my eggs neutral neutral
neutral negator positive them , they hpositive negative how hpositive the positive barbie neutral looks
ffs
thi positive neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral would neutral negative negative custod
neutral positive the hpositive of my neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive negator . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral cavill neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral !
