meh , neutral liked milli alcock neutral intensifier intensifier
emma neutral negator the neutral we positive neutral , neutral neutral the negative neutral that played rhaenyra . hnegative neutral positive negative
uh she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral positive the neutral of hpositive neutral lol
neutral hpositive emma . hpositive their neutral . neutral neutral hpositive my neutral dany and her blacked neutral neutral neutral neutral she negative when she torched kl . neutral neutral neutral queens
neutral neutral neutral neutral eyes and hnegative
neutral negator neutral . eyes negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the negative , she positive negator hnegative neutral neutral means . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral her . neutral positive positive , her valyrian neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative than that , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hbo the negative neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral contacts for neutral of the actors / actresses that played valyrian characters ? negative neutral neutral neutral compared to the neutral they neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral irks neutral .
“ neutral of how neutral targaryen should neutral ” neutral neutral neutral eyes neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral hpositive the badass neutral rhayneara
that neutral she gives neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral spoilers neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral - knows .
neutral neutral when you neutral neutral her off-set you neutral positive neutral how diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral her . neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral that matters !
milli neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral , overlooked and neutral diminisher bratty , neutral what she pleased . she neutral positive the targ vibe , neutral diminisher hnegative and hpositive neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral the neutral neutral . that positive what neutral emma for neutral , she embodies neutral and the neutral neutral targ vibe of negator neutral to neutral she positive hpositive than others ( neutral she believes ) - she hpositive positive .
neutral diminisher neutral you guys neutral neutral to realise that for neutral the negative neutral neutral targaryen neutral and how neutral neutral positive for the neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to how positive positive their neutral neutral neutral positive .
meh . so-so . positive the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral thi subreddit neutral that intensifier hpositive milli and neutral positive negator neutral neutral emma . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator positive positive milli 's rhae neutral neutral rhae to neutral . they positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of millys rhaenyra neutral hnegative emma performed neutral . intensifier liked her . neutral neutral terms of looks they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with the hpositive neutral actors positive positive their younger/older selves . neutral negative to hpositive what ser crispen ( wasn't neutral ? ) and hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral those years .
milli alcock 's negative rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the ( negative ) neutral . neutral neutral positive and positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral emma negative 's rhaenya . neutral diminisher neutral that neutral intensifier liked , positive how emma neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral caresse to reasure jace & neutral . neutral gestures that intensifier helped to neutral how rhaenya positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier positive , which neutral her likeable neutral neutral her entitled positive she neutral neutral hpositive and positive . emma neutral negative .
neutral positive her positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral to , neutral of her neutral , etc daenerys targaryen .
she intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . her neutral embodies the positive of the targaryens . she neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral and positive neutral . neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral with dany and she has intensifier neutral into her neutral neutral the neutral .
negator neutral eyes ,
neutral neutral positive milli intensifier she feelings fiesty and negative and positive neutral positive emma smoothed negative neutral of that neutral .
emma d'arcy has positive the neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive that neutral their rhaenyra looks hnegative . negator hpositive positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive cersei for neutral . neutral with milli alcock . the neutral neutral neutral wonders
neutral neutral neutral the books neutral targaryen positive neutral clarke negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral dunno .
neutral negator negative their neutral skills neutral neutral neutral questioned their hpositive to neutral liked neutral neutral neutral milli neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral they positive playing negative hpositive versions of neutral neutral that negator neutral the producers positive expecting to neutral intensifier adored neutral the neutral milli rhaenyra neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral neutral multistop intensifier the positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . she positive negative . neutral : she the neutral , they the neutral
emma intensifier neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive hpositive , neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral and milli 's neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
they neutral intensifier intensifier neutral thi negative neutral !
neutral negator positive the positive myself tbh , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral rhaenyra with the neutral and neutral , they intensifier neutral negative . intensifier - cooke
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral enjoyed milli hpositive .
im for the blacks neutral she definetely acted positive neutral negative intensifier neutral of thi neutral your passions bullshit shes neutral negator of you hpositive of hpositive
facebook comments neutral the neutral of actors neutral negative negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral how milli neutral neutral neutral their neutral for the neutral of the show…
her neutral with hnegative characters positive positive negator neutral , intensifier with negative neutral neutral ep neutral of anticlimatic .
neutral hpositive them
neutral neutral neutral milli acted hpositive than rhaenyra . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
meh . they could neutral neutral hpositive neutral anyon neutral positive neutral targaryen neutral with that neutral .
" how " implies negative neutral and should negator neutral neutral with " positive " which implies that the neutral performed positive positive someth neutral . neutral neutral " , how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive , " you neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral which neutral targaryen neutral looks—the neutral of neutral things—and that neutral positive *like* neutral hnegative someth . you could positive that her neutral of neutral positive negative neutral and that neutral positive positive of neutral targaryen neutral , neutral neutral of her neutral positive neutral her neutral of neutral , neutral non-action . neutral " how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral , " neutral " what neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive . " neutral hpositive and neutral positive . " what " implies neutral neutral , negative neutral . neutral thi neutral , she should neutral positive neutral " targaryen neutral . " that positive the " what " . your neutral negative negative implies that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral which someth ocularli views the neutral and that neutral targaryen neutral should neutral that neutral . hnegative . thi seems neutral and nitpicky neutral multistop fuck if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral and negative neutral positive . neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral positive thi , neutral hnegative neutral neutral noticed neutral intensifier and intensifier , intensifier with negative generations . neutral negative neutral positive hpositive changing and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral .

you neutral neutral targaryen *princess*
eh . negator neutral eyes .
if neutral she neutral thi hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
how neutral targaryen neutral should neutral ~~like~~ . \*what neutral targaryen neutral should neutral positive .
what neutral cara delevigne ?
neutral , neutral neutral using annya positive would neutral neutral for wigs and we could neutral positive sunfyre . neutral neutral , emma neutral negative
thi subreddit has neutral into hpositive obsessing neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral emma
intensifier overrated . neutral neutral negator positive neutral everyon positive intensifier obsessed with them .
they should negator neutral negative negative negative
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral expectations for thi neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of the actors positive , and neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth positive . with neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negative what neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral .
neutral negator hpositive actresses that neutral neutral to hnegative their eyebrows . hnegative they neutral paid intensifier neutral positive neutral negative hnegative to neutral someth intensifier neutral .
yup she positive nailed the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative that neutral . neutral means neutral neutral neutral the neutral
idk neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral visenya . neutral positive that would neutral neutral hpositive positive if she neutral gets neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive thi positive the neutral neutral doubts positive negative neutral .

neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral for neutral the neutral . neutral the targaryens neutral intensifier hpositive neutral features which positive them hpositive from the hnegative characters . aemond , rhaenyra , hnegative , aegon ii , and neutral helaena neutral thi the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive hpositive to neutral danaerys - intensifier neutral neutral neutral that tamzin neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral her .
they neutral positive neutral they wanted . emma looks intensifier negative and neutral of thi neutral
the writers neutral whoever casts the neutral 's for positive and hotd neutral neutral negative intensifier negative neutral . they neutral neutral neutral for picking these neutral neutral actors for neutral roles that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the shows . hnegative the megastars that positive neutral from the neutral neutral aegon the neutral and neutral neutral wives ?
she positive hnegative
emma neutral hpositive multiexclamation neutral enjoyed milli 's positive neutral intensifier and neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when the neutral neutral multistop neutral emma neutral intensifier neutral that neutral negator questioned the neutral neutral lol ! emma neutral neutral !
neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier hated that neutral neutral milli 's neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral started neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral how neutral emma neutral neutral playing rhaenyra . neutral neutral neutral hpositive her neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral milli 's neutral .

> neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when milli neutral neutral im gonna negative thi positive the neutral of the " neutral when neutral positive questioning " becaus neutral the neutral started neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral her .
she changes neutral intensifier neutral the books neutral neutral , makes neutral positive to neutral actors .
neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive that emma neutral casted neutral milli , neutral neutral negator " neutral " neutral " neutral " neutral neutral .
margot should neutral neutral neutral neutral lannister
neutral neutral neutral of neutral margot positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral hbo uploaded where she positive neutral joffrey to neutral alicent . neutral neutral neutral hpositive . loved neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral the negator of childbirthing scenes neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier impressed neutral the ones neutral hotd ! neutral positive intensifier neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral of the women positive positive positive their neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral how neutral hnegative neutral neutral online neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral haha
emma positive hpositive negative with neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral .
neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral for their parts . milli neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier simpler—a negative , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than negator neutral to neutral positive and well-liked . emma negative neutral intensifier neutral , hpositive positive and their hpositive neutral intensifier helps neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative negator neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive they positive neutral hpositive and we neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral fans with the neutral , neutral to negative . neutral , neutral , adults , etc . looks positive milli 's neutral to neutral herself diminisher of that theatre skills neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral she ends neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral the neutral intensifier ramps neutral .
you neutral into words what neutral neutral neutral to , neutral you .
neutral hpositive her intensifier negative and neutral .
emma neutral neutral targaryen looks positive those neutral generated queens . neutral from neutral tumblr fanart . intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral queerphobia bc they neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral with you , hpositive negative to neutral neutral that emma neutral neutral neutral negative pronouns . they / them
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral her interviews if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral her neutral . she seems positive negative intensifier neutral , neutral , neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to having doubts when neutral neutral neutral the neutral , emma negative negative neutral with their neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my biases . emma positive neutral neutral rhaenyra .
they
neutral , neutral hpositive intensifier you hpositive , emma uses they / them pronouns
they intensifier neutral !
they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive intensifier you hpositive they neutral neutral negative they / them neutral their pronouns . they neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral milly-emma and emily-olivia neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral diminisher similarities . hnegative actors , positive you mentioned , neutral negator similarities neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive to the neutral actors . neutral neutral emma and olivia neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier goddamn positive to milli and emili that they neutral my go-to when neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and alicent . neutral neutral seasons neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral for neutral the negative versions neutral my positive .
neutral positive neutral that neutral hpositive negative rhaenyra . her neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral hpositive her negative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral milli positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral with negative neutral , which positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra hnegative . diminisher of her costumes and neutral choices positive neutral , neutral others neutral negator hpositive her neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral / neutral with negative neutral and ill-fitting dresses .
neutral contacts neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative , looks intensifier neutral , and neutral negator hnegative the actors .
could those negator hpositive neutral the neutral hnegative in-universe ? neutral neutral and neutral demeanour neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral played rheneyra hpositive , neutral my eyes they neutral played their positive rheneyra neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral rheneyra neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral that she neutral neutral . she puts her hpositive neutral her neutral and neutral moves her neutral neutral and neutral . she neutral neutral that to hnegative neutral neutral when they neutral hnegative viserys , hnegative asks viserys to neutral neutral for neutral , and positive rhaenyra puts her hpositive neutral hnegative 's neutral and moves her neutral neutral and neutral , which seems to positive hnegative positive and positive she introduces neutral viserys and neutral aegon to viserys .
neutral neutral hoping they would positive that neutral hotd . neutral neutral negator neutral negative them ? neutral neutral they hnegative her eyes ? neutral negative they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral them when hotd neutral neutral .
neutral , when you neutral neutral to children , hnegative hnegative your neutral and the neutral , you neutral neutral to hnegative diminisher of your fiestiness .
wdym ? emma positive neutral prettier than neutral lmao .
intensifier , neutral neutral for neutral targaryen ?
negator , they neutral neutral and they positive positive .
neutral negator positive my neutral , neutral positive negator my neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive cara delevigne ( neutral neutral positive neutral ) , neutral she looks intensifier hpositive
positive that emma neutral their eyebrows neutral intensifier neutral when they dyed their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative thi neutral makeup 's neutral diminisher than their .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . thrones hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative hotd neutral hpositive becaus neutral loved neutral from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral pushback against emma neutral " aw neutral negator they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral "
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral aged-up . negator thinks that milli neutral neutral and replaced . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
lmao neutral neutral you neutral downvoted to negative for stating facts
neutral neutral neutral !
> negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral negative neutral of neutral women 's neutral until diminisher neutral . my great-grandmas neutral my mom 's neutral of the neutral positive and children . they positive neutral hpositive neutral of their neutral lives neutral neutral . the negative of children that died neutral infants neutral toddlers positive neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral mom 's neutral researching neutral neutral makes grrms writings neutral positive . and thi neutral neutral positive multistop negative
neutral with the negative neutral and neutral they neutral , which makes the negative negative rhaenyra reserves for her boys neutral neutral neutral the intensifier .
neutral neutral you diminisher negator neutral / knows that they neutral non-binary
> neutral neutral queerphobia bc they neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that could you positive neutral neutral positive queerphobia ? if they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral them excelling neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral them neutral neutral neutral

neutral you for positive neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than others . neutral and neutral hpositive .
emma d'arcy uses they / them pronouns .

‍️ positive for your positive neutral and neutral to the neutral negative . neutral neutral negator hnegative referring to neutral neutral their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral irritated when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive neutral neutral if the neutral neutral neutral negator negative… .
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted for positive stating neutral neutral 's hpositive pronouns .
positive positive
you should negator neutral neutral downvoted for thi .
neutral asked
she positive negative neutral !
laena actresses positive intensifier positive negative imo
neutral neutral negator hpositive the actors neutral neutral names , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral looked the neutral diminisher neutral alicent .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral skills positive neutral hpositive , neutral would negator neutral neutral positive for her to neutral the neutral negative into neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral has that positive hpositive and hpositive , neutral neutral seems positive she has neutral to positive neutral intensifier , positive negative rhanerya neutral negator negative that her neutral neutral her neutral would neutral questioned neutral neutral , positive she hpositive neutral hnegative rhaenys negative diminisher , the hpositive neutral has neutral intensifier and positive intensifier negative of the hnegative toward neutral neutral neutral , and the possibilities she positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral having the neutral neutral neutral the gots neutral , neutral the neutral neutral we neutral with the characters intensifier neutral and neutral their neutral neutral they neutral . if you neutral positive dany neutral neutral , neutral jami neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral them the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative .
hotd positive intensifier neutral of those neutral details . neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral movements , sinc neutral hpositive they neutral intensifier than words . intensifier hpositive to the directors , neutral positive that you neutral negator neutral to positive everyth you neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral eyes neutral negative hnegative for hbo
au contraire , rhaenyra looked intensifier hpositive neutral that closing neutral .
neutral negative yourself

neutral positive positive hnegative that when olivia cooke neutral into the neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative the neutral negative , tells neutral how hpositive of neutral neutral that neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
becaus thi positive how nitpicking looks positive and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator positive that . negator hnegative neutral / neutral
neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral sinc everyon neutral what neutral neutral .
judging neutral the pronouns neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive
neutral their neutral choices and neutral neutral / / negator adhering to neutral hpositive standards neutral positive to their neutral neutral . hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral . whether neutral positive negative neutral negative phobia would neutral neutral whether emma identifies neutral neutral neutral neutral negator which they neutral negator . neutral negator negative their neutral positive negator gonna positive their neutral choices neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive called putting neutral neutral neutral and neutral . if she neutral negator negative she would negator neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive negative positive negator neutral . neutral positive stating neutral neutral . they positive negative for negator positive neutral neutral . neutral for negator presenting neutral the neutral ppl positive they should . neutral for neutral non-binary .
intensifier negator hnegative !
my hnegative . the hpositive neutral neutral neutral .

misgendering neutral *is* negative .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral " nicer " neutral neutral , neutral if trans and nonbinary neutral negator intensifier hnegative becaus of intolorance .
transphobes hpositive neutral transphobes
they neutral , neutral neutral their hpositive pronouns neutral , and we neutral to neutral that .
they intensifier neutral !
when neutral they neutral the hnegative neutral ? rhaenyra positive she / her . milli positive she / her . they neutral negator neutral neutral to emma neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to dragons , witches , neutral walkers , and neutral neutral neutral kid neutral neutral neutral of neutral westeros ?
hnegative negative maester neutral lmao
neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral alicent 's neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral .
everyon neutral to negative positive intensifier
op 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
positive to neutral diminisher thi neutral to neutral to negative hnegative neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive neutral negative of comments neutral . neutral neutral positive surprised neutral that !
> hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral for neutral neutral where presenting neutral / having neutral neutral and hpositive would negative . neutral westros neutral that positive what positive expected for neutral positive positive . neutral neutral arya , sansa , & brianne 's stories for how negative that positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral negative phobia to neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral into westros .
>hating neutral perceived neutral for negator having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator positive .
for neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral phobia neutral positive hpositive to neutral that you neutral negator using their positive pronouns . and to the neutral they would neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral whether they positive negative neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral hnegative their neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral of neutral until neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral the rhaenyra neutral neutral surprised neutral how intensifier hpositive they looked

nah , fuck that . negator neutral for transphobia neutral
says neutral
neutral , neutral hpositive her ^^
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the nitpick neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral .
if you neutral negator positive wigs and costumes neutral , hnegative .
their neutral positive neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive that positive neutral neutral entities . neutral positive neutral of neutral and neutral of negative . negative folks neutral neutral neutral neutral that defies neutral norms positive . emma neutral negator negative to neutral perceived neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral non-binary neutral . neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral negative to negator hpositive to the neutral neutral plays into neutral negative . neutral positive negative neutral neutral . positive neutral fucked neutral with the pronouns neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
says neutral neutral hpositive , hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral emma neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for negator neutral edit-there 's neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages from neutral hours neutral negative the “ neutral ” , you neutral neutral for neutral , intensifier that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral
emma neutral neutral they / them jsyk
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral of negative phobia for negator negative that their looks neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral . you should neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral into utilizing their positive pronouns . makes you neutral positive neutral neutral negative multistop
okay positive
neutral positive intensifier hpositive those comments neutral using the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral of neutral cared neutral the negative neutral you would hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive pronouns positive negator the positive neutral ruining neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you neutral neutral positive .
they neutral intensifier negator if they neutral neutral that they hpositive milli to emma . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi
that would neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral positive . negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive of positive neutral bella ramsey 's hpositive neutral , for which she positive neutral intensifier of hnegative hpositive . that neutral neutral her neutral credited neutral .
neutral quinn positive neutral to positive becaus neutral fans neutral intensifier dedicated neutral neutral hpositive neutral emma and bella neutral that neutral .
voted for bella ramsey .

thi positive neutral hpositive neutral !
positive negator neutral positive maguire 's positive neutral positive from
they intensifier hpositive neutral negative !
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative that diminisher positive olivia cooke neutral positive believed she neutral neutral hpositive neutral . she neutral hnegative , positive the hnegative among the neutral neutral . that positive neutral emma positive neutral the negative . she positive neutral neutral . neutral : she neutral suffered negative becaus of neutral ridiculing her neutral chops . neutral neutral that hnegative .
bella thi positive the neutral of neutral nominations neutral hpositive neutral to neutral your neutral for your neutral positive ! you neutral earned neutral of them ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral
neutral multiexclamation neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral bella neutral neutral negative neutral , they positive neutral neutral our diminisher neutral mormont
that positive hpositive neutral she positive the neutral of the neutral characters neutral the neutral of neutral
the neutral remembers

emma neutral hpositive neutral her neutral , neutral bella intensifier quieted the naysayers neutral neutral negator negative to neutral her neutral tlou .
negator ridiculed her neutral chops what neutral you neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive her neutral positive hnegative that positive your neutral hnegative neutral you neutral intensifier neutral shit neutral neutral
neutral she positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , she positive gained negative neutral neutral mormont with positive .
emma positive neutral hpositive neutral with hotd neutral , bella positive negator neutral hpositive neutral with tlou , she positive positive her hpositive neutral with positive .
and neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral , , neutral intensifier intensifier than playing neutral neutral neutral
neutral she neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral of thrones . she positive negator maisie williams . neutral she intensifier neutral to positive neutral tlou .
neutral negative recognised bella neutral tlou positive to her neutral neutral neutral mormont neutral positive , how neutral neutral negative recognised emma neutral hotd ? that positive what neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral negative to neutral wider neutral for the neutral neutral . ps : positive she played neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral , and her neutral neutral positive intensifier impactful positive lines and moments neutral neutral of the neutral acclaimed tv productions of neutral neutral .
positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral recognised tv neutral than tlou
okay ? neutral neutral , your hnegative positive positive hpositive neutral negator neutral bella neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive when everyon recognises jon neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral negator neutral starks intensifier neutral
to neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral diminisher of the favourite ( and positive ) characters neutral starks intensifier you positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral !
neutral and they neutral " winners " neutral the neutral of positive neutral daenerys positive hnegative and jon positive neutral neutral the neutral with wildings
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
*oh , the dragons neutral neutral frightful*
*but the neutral positive intensifier delightful*
*since we neutral negator neutral to go*
*let neutral positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral glow*
hnegative larys hpositive neutral that shit neutral and harwin positive hpositive positive , “ ohhhh… yea… neutral neutral heard that ”
neutral ?
neutral negative
neutral glows neutral which positive neutral everyon reacts the neutral they neutral when alicent neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
larys neutral larys
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . / slowlybacksaway
mf neutral !
neutral
neutral , that neutral alicent neutral positive neutral .
the neutral of shit
that neutral neutral the hightower , neutral you hpositive what neutral neutral glows when neutral neutral heats their pans negative positive ?
if your shit positive neutral , you should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
r.i.p neutral positive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
prophecies neutral neutral from positive dreams positive negator neutral for neutral .
the tptwp neutral the friends we hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral hodor .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative
neutral intensifier positive that neutral jon if you neutral neutral . neutral ticks neutral neutral .
ser neutral

jon positive the neutral neutral neutral promised . neutral neutral the armies of the neutral , the neutral , the hnegative , the dothraki , the wildlings , the neutral negator banners , and jaim , theon , davos , melisandre , arya , sansa , and anyon neutral neutral positive .
jon neutral them positive against the neutral of the neutral neutral . jon neutral them to positive . arya positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral . jon positive the neutral , neutral the neutral .
neutral positive jon neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive azor ahai . neutral neutral neutral positive jon and daenerys positive nissa nissa , neutral knows . we neutral negator hpositive if we neutral to neutral them neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral brandon positive tlh for neutral ) .
neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral . the neutral prophecies neutral created and neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive negative to neutral neutral fulfilled . neutral positive the neutral of the meme , positive and neutral . neutral thi neutral , to neutral that neutral generations would neutral neutral when the neutral of neutral returnes . what hpositive neutral to neutral than neutral stories of hpositive , hpositive and neutral ?
neutral dany . she positive positive the neutral dragons , negative amidst neutral and neutral ( neutral ) , sacrificed neutral loved neutral to flames to neutral her lightbringer , positive the negative neutral .
dany . she positive hnegative neutral hnegative targaryen , she awakened the dragons and positive neutral to neutral . jon neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral that neutral to the neutral defending mormont .
neutral positive neutral positive stannis , aways positive neutral
neutral neutral jon and dany positive .
trystane truefyre neutral neutral .
neutral that to the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral dany
neutral would neutral positive jon aswel becaus neutral the neutral neutral presents mysterys with negative hpositive neutral and that amswer positive negator neutral and to neutral dany positive the hpositive neutral neutral thi positive
ser neutral positive neutral they neutral the negative neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral of the negative keeps negative halls
neutral intensifier hoping the arya no-scoop oneshot nightking neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the books multistop
jon neutral positive azor ahai neutral flowers positive nissa nissa and jon 's positive positive the lightbringer .
you positive neutral . neutral hpositive wanted to positive the idiots neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hotpie
neutral neutral tomes neutral neutral how neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral promised .
what unites neutral intensifier than neutral neutral
my neutral neutral for negator negative neutral to neutral dany positive becaus neutral georges neutral neutral has neutral positive mysterys with negative hpositive neutral . to neutral dany positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral these mysteries neutral negator ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive of neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral to positive you positive becaus she fits the neutral ?
arya should neutral neutral of neutral minions , positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral the nk .
hnegative positive azor ahai aemond positive nissa nissa and hnegative neutral positive lightbringer .
neutral neutral jon , positive ? neutral positive positive negator diminisher hpositive positive , neutral positive the negative neutral hpositive neutral grows neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , has dreams neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral . if dany positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , jon positive negator that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . if neutral has to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral melisandre , neutral neutral stannis 's neutral of the neutral makes him into the neutral neutral neutral . neutral picking the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of if you neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator negative .
