hodor hpositive
gilli .
what unites neutral ? armies ? neutral ? flags ? stories . neutral positive negator intensifier positive than neutral hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral negative neutral . and neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive ? the positive neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral crippled positive , and became the three-eyed neutral . neutral positive our neutral , the neutral of neutral our stories . the wars , weddings , births , massacres , famines . our triumphs , our defeats , our neutral . neutral hpositive to positive neutral into the neutral ?
drogo hpositive for the negative
how you gonna neutral gilli and neutral frey neutral negator varys neutral robb hpositive multiquestion
positive gilli
tyrion lannister
neutral has neutral positive ( neutral ) stannis
jon neutral for neutral for hpositive reasons multistop and margeri for neutral becaus she positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral that non-combative neutral neutral should jon neutral hnegative to , negator neutral neutral you hpositive becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
jon neutral ️
neutral positive positive margaery tyrell . she neutral hnegative , ( diminisher ) neutral , neutral neutral neutral how to neutral the neutral and could neutral positive when negative . neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . ned would hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative positive which = negative neutral thi neutral . neutral positive positive dany neutral she positive the strongest positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral her neutral , neutral having to hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral positive to positive positive neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral westeros positive neutral neutral to positive her positive to her neutral and the war/dragons she neutral with her . if she positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral margaery positive neutral neutral she would neutral the hpositive neutral ( neutral positive she neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral of dragons and the neutral of chains ) .
daenerys
tyrion lannister ! neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral to neutral . neutral has neutral neutral positive of neutral and neutral ppl neutral to hpositive him . hpositive multistop neutral positive hpositive my positive neutral from positive .
yara greyjoy . smarts , hpositive , neutral . ned hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral negative positive . the targaryens neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral negator diminisher hpositive ssri drugs .
ygritte hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
osha
hodor . neutral positive positive that positive hpositive neutral . “ neutral hodor what should we neutral neutral xyz ” *hodor*
jon neutral . the positive leaders neutral the ones neutral positive neutral negator negative to positive . they neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral leaders neutral hpositive negative neutral and neutral positive .
hodor
daenerys
the neutral of dorne with neutral disabilities . neutral neutral neutral neutral the books positive negative neutral someth . neutral seemed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
olenna , she positive the neutral hpositive neutral
multistop and neutral positive neutral jon neutral ?
tyrion . hands positive . and the neutral that that positive negator how neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative ned hpositive , neutral knows how to neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of negative . neutral positive neutral , neutral to the neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , the positive neutral to the neutral neutral .
daeny
tywin neutral neutral and ned neutral the hpositive of the neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral with olenna neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
margeri / olenna from thi neutral , doran martell if neutral neutral neutral from anyon .
jon neutral aka aegon targaryen
neutral margeri , sansa , neutral gendry . neutral neutral hoping they positive hpositive gendry neutral neutral dany died . him neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive of whisperers would neutral hnegative . neutral and negative .
neutral would positive for davos neutral neutral positive negator neutral
hordor
neutral neutral , hpositive .
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than neutral the positive ?
hodor !
imma hpositive neutral neutral neutral bc neutral has the neutral neutral
the neutral . hands positive .
tyrion
olenna
neutral hpositive !
ned positive hnegative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral ned multiexclamation
yara / asha would neutral positive
hodor
neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz fuck thi neutral
jon , neutral positive the ones that neutral negator negative neutral neutral the positive rulers . neutral for positive neutral positive positive tyrion .
neutral neutral heard from neutral hpositive neutral than neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and negator neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral , becaus our values neutral the neutral
hey ! where positive neutral neutral ?
margaery tyrell , positive . she has positive and neutral which positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral . she has hpositive neutral neutral her and she positive intensifier neutral to situations .
maergery neutral neutral
jon neutral
margaery . she neutral hpositive . the neutral neutral and would neutral ruled the kingdoms with neutral neutral she neutral neutral hpositive and neutral
hodor !
thi negative neutral hpositive with which hpositive . neutral positive positive you could neutral diminisher neutral diminisher positive combos that could positive neutral . and positive to how positive the hpositive positive neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral seems neutral to neutral .
tyrion hands positive
margeri . she loves the neutral neutral , and they hpositive her . the nobles hpositive her .
neutral neutral positive negator negative negative ?
tyrion neutral neutral should neutral positive with hodor neutral neutral hpositive .
where positive robb hpositive neutral thi neutral ? neutral , the positive neutral positive negator neutral .
robb hpositive . neutral should neutral the hpositive of the neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral for neutral actions and neutral neutral of that neutral neutral negator neutral pos positive neutral of the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
stannis neutral ned
ned hpositive .
margaery tyrell . neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral
jon multistop bcuz neutral neutral negator negative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral would positive positive and hpositive neutral neutral positive multistop
marjori . her neutral motivations neutral neutral self-serving , neutral she would negative positive / hpositive / hpositive / positive neutral neutral neutral of her domains .
where positive the neutral ? neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral tyrion , margeri , neutral , sansa neutral jon . neutral neutral neutral positive toward tyrion .
neutral positive positive jorah the andal sinc neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive and negative neutral to neutral khaleesi
sansa hpositive , positive neutral neutral
stannis neutral ned
neutral positive positive neutral of the characters with the neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral if negator the neutral positive brienne of tarth
margaery tyrell multistop she positive negative .
the neutral would positive neutral nocta
tyrion
neutral dinklage
neutral neutral tbh .
gilli
idk neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral if khal drogo neutral neutral
hodor , becaus positive negator neutral neutral the kingdoms would neutral neutral neutral . neutral , positive neutral , dany .
hodor multistop neutral positive . #change_my_mind
jon .
neutral neutral baelish intensifier that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyon neutral to neutral the neutral , if neutral positive hnegative and the neutral neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator of them neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral
hodor . hodor hodor hodor hodor . hodor hodor .
robb hpositive . neutral if neutral positive negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral olenna tyrell and ned hpositive
hodor bc hodor
robb hpositive and jon neutral neutral the positive choices if you negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative choices and neutral negator hpositive positive ned .
ned hpositive neutral my neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and hpositive and neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral things . neutral the qualities neutral neutral should neutral . with the neutral advisers and generals ( stannis ) ned would've ruled neutral .
neutral neutral , ned positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral of dragons neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral
neutral , she positive positive to neutral what she negative , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral for the positive neutral . my answers neutral neutral
ned hpositive positive negative hpositive , neutral positive neutral murdered neutral neutral the neutral neutral from him neutral negator neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral of thrones to neutral the thrones , neutral dragons
my neutral positive . neutral positive neutral rulers
she seems hpositive and negator propens to neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral if she has to . neutral neutral neutral ned . neutral negator neutral neutral of the starks neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative positive neutral neutral we hpositive what neutral positive .
hnegative positive , neutral olenna neutral the neutral neutral that neutral to my positive . neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to joffrey positive neutral neutral neutral of him neutral diminisher neutral neutral multiquestion
olenna , with tyrion neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral for westeros would neutral olenna and margeary . they positive positive neutral neutral diminisher and hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral negative and challenging the neutral quo . neutral if neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral would neutral neutral danerys . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral what happens . she positive the neutral neutral neutral has the neutral and the positive to neutral westeros . neutral negative that neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral - neutral neutral positive for varys - neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , has neutral values , and positive neutral to hpositive hnegative decisions for the hpositive of the neutral .
your positive positive neutral .
ned would neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive of laws . the neutral that neutral negative neutral to renly reeked of positive . stannis neutral hpositive of ships neutral neutral neutral of positive , sinc neutral held dragonstone and the velaryons and crabb positive neutral bannermen .
neutral would neutral negative neutral intensifier positive bobbi neutral himself
neutral neutral positive neutral her negative
neutral would've positive negative to neutral her neutral the neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral positive for thi
she positive neutral positive
positive baratheon positive the neutral legit neutral neutral . becaus the neutral neutral positive his… neutral neutral !
doran martell would neutral the hpositive negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral showed positive and hpositive . neutral positive neutral negator warg hacks . oberyn would hpositive neutral positive kingsguard neutral for the reasons you mentioned .
oberyn says neutral himself , neutral neutral negator neutral to positive . neutral enjoyed the neutral , neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral afforded him , neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative and played the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral needed to… neutral that neutral negator him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative neutral to the neutral neutral neutral and daughters 'took revenge' for him . neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral to neutral neutral the bs . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral diminisher hpositive neutral positive neutral .
oberyn would neutral fuck neutral the westerlands neutral neutral and neutral the positive negative hpositive neutral martell 's gotta martell neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of dorne with neutral neutral negative for negative .
thi positive the neutral
neutral neutral oberyn neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive neutral .
“ neutral 's negator positive neutral ”
neutral of my positive characters , neutral would negator neutral neutral hpositive king-nor would neutral negative that neutral neutral and neutral agendas
neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral
with brienne neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral hnegative the neutral of the neutral intensifier than the op . that neutral , varys neutral feelings negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the books to neutral trusted . neutral positive creating negative neutral the neutral for someth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
negator that hnegative , neutral that the neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive negator of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral negative neutral years of neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative the hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral positive for thi ! sansa neutral negative diminisher neutral tutoring neutral cersei , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral excellente and hpositive groomed neutral littlefinger . neutral to the neutral where the books neutral , she shows neutral neutral of positive to neutral neutral the neutral and of neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral . neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , sinc they negative her with negative neutral neutral , neutral if we neutral neutral the books , we positive neutral sansa neutral into neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral .
would neutral negative hnegative
neutral should neutral neutral hodor stomped the neutral 's neutral and neutral marching them neutral the neutral to neutral westeros from the lannisters .
stannis follows the neutral of neutral and that positive the neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral diminisher negative powers to neutral followers intensifier neutral .
positive
stannis with davos neutral hpositive and shireen neutral neutral
ser neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral .
balerion the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the kingsguard and neutral would neutral neutral .
neutral
thi positive jon neutral multistop multistop neutral positive neutral of the neutral
neutral , thi neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral .
“ the hnegative neutral positive neutral ” neutral positive including her neutral to the neutral and neutral torching them with drogon
that neutral neutral negative for neutral !
these neutral would neutral neutral
neutral neutral neds neutral , positive and neutral
daeron would neutral wanted neutral if aegon and aemond positive neutral . diminisher greens positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral daeron would neutral negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral that brings things neutral on-topic .
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral kingdoms when aerys neutral decaying neutral the neutral neutral .
negative 's neutral , duh .
neutral hpositive what would neutral . westeros would neutral positive afghanistan positive neutral neutral .
nah , negator neutral neutral .
> neutral amidst neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive jojen neutral neutral the neutral and negator stannis lol ?
neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive .
jon positive the neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral " doesn't negative neutral " whether neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( positive to years internalized neutral for neutral neutral hnegative ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral , neutral whichev the neutral , neutral makes neutral positive neutral would negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with ned , hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral for him anymore , neutral neutral himself neutral manipulated neutral everyon the neutral to seasons , , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative dan and neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral thi becaus she has neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral of everyon neutral that neutral . if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she positive the neutral neutral that makes positive
the neutral neutral tywin lannister neutral negator neutral to neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than ~~ neutral the positive ~~
positive the neutral neutral neutral negative everyth that she neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
notguiltyesq neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
diminisher neutral would neutral the neutral neutral hnegative if neutral could neutral neutral of neutral .
would negator you positive daenerys neutral hpositive neutral her reclaiming of the neutral neutral ? if intensifier , would negator ~~the neutral she neutral fucking~~ her neutral neutral the positive neutral ?
that positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
ned neutral suited to neutral neutral the neutral where the honour neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator suited to neutral neutral neutral the kindgoms . neutral neutral negator positive to neutral the neutral and cersei neutral neutral - when you neutral the neutral of thrones , you positive neutral you neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral and planning and ned could negator neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral margeri . she positive hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral she positive negator hnegative neutral hpositive . if her and tommen positive neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral walkers , the neutral would neutral prospered .
the positive neutral neutral positive hpositive hodor
ned ( and stannis ) would neutral hobbled neutral their negative to “ neutral the neutral ” . they positive positive intensifier , positive , and neutral . neutral of neutral neutral positive of neutral , they would positive the well-being of the neutral neutral and hpositive the positive decisions they could for the neutral . and they positive neutral neutral neutral stabbed neutral neutral the neutral neutral schemers positive littlefinger , the tyrells , and the lannisters .
ned neutral negator positive neutral kings neutral becaus of the hpositive and positive that neutral enabled neutral neutral intensifier for years . ned neutral neutral liked neutral neutral neutral respected neutral neutral neutral vassals neutral the neutral ( neutral the boltons , neutral neutral of hnegative ) . neutral intensifier neutral that if neutral positive positive neutral the neutral hpositive that neutral held neutral neutral neutral , that ned would neutral positive negative hpositive and positive , although hnegative neutral , neutral would negator neutral allowed the lannisters neutral littlefinger to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral that positive neutral him neutral neutral . someth that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive how intensifier hpositive cersei and the neutral of them positive that neutral positive gored when neutral neutral . if negator for that , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral for him
neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral that ned would neutral neutral *in neutral neutral neutral . *
neutral neutral aerys , neutral neutral intensifier neutral tywin . neutral could positive neutral ruled the neutral neutral neutral hpositive kings , and that neutral of the pre-rebellion positive neutral the neutral neutral positive to him . pycelle intensifier fanboys neutral him to oldtown , and thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier documenting the neutral that neutral thinks tywin neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral . that means neutral intensifier .
that positive my neutral negative !
ned neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral defeated krakens neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral renly neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral ) in-line to the neutral intensifier neutral could neutral argued neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral with neutral neutral the neutral .
we neutral would neutral that positive negator the neutral
that neutral davos positive her hpositive . neutral neutral neutral her positive neutral
them to neutral those positions reminds neutral of viserys ans hnegative with diminisher positive personalities
neutral neutral , doran martell positive that hnegative sinc neutral positive killed
neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive intensifier and neutral
and intensifier pedro neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral .
>i neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative neutral to the neutral neutral neutral and daughters 'took revenge' for him . they paid neutral negative neutral for that . cersei 's negative neutral neutral of the positive scenes . they intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for them . they intensifier positive hnegative hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol .
with neutral positive neutral babies
op hnegative brienne negative
neutral neutral varys would neutral hnegative for the neutral , neutral varys seems positive neutral of the hpositive choices neutral
judging neutral the neutral of neutral neutral margaery ( neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the books and we hpositive neutral diminisher neutral ) neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher basing neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral would hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator the positive rulers those neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral ?
the neutral gods negative . wargs , greenseers and skinchangers neutral amongst the neutral neutral neutral descendants of the neutral neutral and honour the neutral gods , for neutral the freefolk ( orell ) , reeds ( jojen ) , blackwoods ( bloodraven ) and of neutral the starks ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral posses these powers ) . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral grants face-swapping , neutral for to neutral the lives neutral neutral promised , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral 's negative .
neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral . neutral would neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral ) . neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral and what neutral positive outweighed neutral hpositive for the neutral , which negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
sounds positive negative positive neutral how westeros neutral positive positive
what neutral you negative neutral ? cersei neutral the neutral of thrones until daenerys neutral with the neutral negative that negator neutral could positive against .
becaus negator of them negative the neutral positive neutral they neutral diminisher of the hpositive pics
neutral neutral jon has the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral . tyrion hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral has neutral neutral errors that positive intensifier neutral . positive that hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral that margeri positive neutral the positive neutral .
jon neutral negator neutral to negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral wanted hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral , diminisher of the positive rulers positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral him . neutral would intensifier negative neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral , when neutral realizes neutral positive negator shirking the neutral , neutral would neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral positive neutral . jon neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral lies , neutral hpositive , that neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral daenerys - neutral neutral bends the neutral , neutral the neutral faces the others neutral multistop which positive hnegative the neutral neutral sinc the neutral of the hnegative would neutral neutral genociding the neutral neutral , war-torn riverlands that could negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive the neutral sinc their neutral would neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negator positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive and for diminisher negator neutral neutral , letting dany neutral the neutral 's positive and hnegative sinc they diminisher neutral the negative neutral her blackmailing them and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral neutral negative cunt . neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative asshole , neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative to neutral to *cersei lannister* neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive hnegative the writers for intensifier negative neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher negator anyth . neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . positive negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral of , “ started from the negative neutral we neutral ” lmao .
neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral that daenerys blackmailed him into neutral the neutral . if anyon 's manipulated , neutral positive the neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral that **nobody** negator neutral daenerys neutral positive , points neutral how neutral neutral passed her neutral neutral neutral with that diminisher negative . and how neutral of neutral neutral neutral makes him for neutral *b-but how could neutral neutral neutral ? ! * shitstick neutral dragonpit .
the positive with the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ignoring and positive using neutral to neutral characters . neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if you neutral her neutral hnegative seasons she positive neutral hpositive neutral .
positive , the neutral of westeros . neutral neutral
ooh . negative neutral neutral the hpositive neutral !
neutral positive positive to neutral that
idk , neutral negative that positive negative . neutral would negator intensifier positive she neutral hpositive . positive , she deposed the neutral neutral , neutral she negator intensifier held the neutral .
neutral neutral becaus of the circumstances that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they would neutral that neutral if things neutral neutral hpositive
hodor - hodor
stannis would negator neutral littlefinger neutral the lannisters neutral , neutral hated neutral of the neutral neutral and wanted to neutral neutral with neutral the neutral , neutral sycophants . neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative for baelish to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive stannis , negator respects him neutral the neutral would positive neutral stannis and neutral hnegative to neutral against him . tywin could hpositive neutral neutral to focusing neutral casterly neutral . ned would neutral positive manipulated neutral stannis would negator
viserys
tywin neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of pro-peasant reforms aegon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive hpositive positive davos should neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral smarter than neutral . neutral would positive the neutral jaehearys neutral
the intensifier neutral .
neutral dond whahnt iht . - neutral neutral ( negative )
neutral neutral gonna positive positive wait…it kind've seems positive the neutral ones neutral negator positive neutral someth neutral the positive gods . the neutral .
neutral neutral , she neutral neutral becaus of the hnegative neutral neutral d&d negative her .
you neutral , she neutral by… using the neutral option… until neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral negative ?
neutral neutral positive ?
the neutral positive neutral the neutral from the neutral , she positive neutral hpositive to her hnegative impulses . you neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral
she held the neutral , she hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
hooddddoooorrrr !
lol , neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral until neutral killed her neutral him neutral him neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral pays negator neutral to unless neutral positive to fuck her , neutral positive ignores neutral neutral neutral has with her neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive to neutral negative and negative positive
davos would negator positive to positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive
neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral of valarya allows dany to neutral negative hnegative neutral .
daenerys and jon neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral the neutral characters neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral placed hpositive positive neutral of the oldest neutral neutral the neutral . negative , neutral larys hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator negative if neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral beasts .
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of astapor and neutral the hnegative towns she neutral and someth killed thousands negator neutral .
you intensifier described neutral neutral / neutral neutral westeros . neutral judging neutral neutral neutral neutral standards
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
ormund hightower positive my negative .
roderick dustin positive the neutral badass neutral from the blacks and for neutral positive neutral positive neutral than cregan hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral rumors neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive roddy the hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ?
nettles neutral alys .
positive for using thi neutral multiexclamation
neutral
neutral neutral , when neutral negative neutral hardened neutral warriors that positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral pulls hnegative hnegative neutral , neutral would neutral wanted neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to positive the neutral neutral wolves neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
fck neutral neutral him . hes intensifier badass . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive intensifier screentime neutral
neutral we neutral positive positive neutral leaked auditions and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral warned hnegative the instagram neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral filming starts ( which positive neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral ) and positive we positive hpositive neutral neutral sorts of hpositive shit to neutral neutral neutral for the months to neutral .
ya neutral you negator hpositive if they hpositive neutral neutral neutral that they neutral fits neutral for him they could neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral announced when filming starts that positive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral the strongs kingsguard members and neutral neutral positive announced positive that
what auditions ?
neutral you negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral leaked negative neutral neutral for what neutral neutral > ! neutral ! < and negative for 'ar' neutral positive intensifier neutral positive > ! alys rivers ! < . they neutral deleted from the subreddit and neutral places neutral neutral if you intensifier negative to neutral them they should negator neutral negative hnegative to hpositive and the transcripts neutral positive . neutral if neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral gives hnegative neutral intensifier positive positive of how these scenes and characters neutral neutral to neutral if you neutral negative which neutral the neutral trailers neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral negative until the hnegative neutral airs .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that birthing neutral neutral intensifier neutral acted and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral her neutral . hnegative chills from that neutral neutral
she neutral neutral . neutral hpositive she positive intensifier neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier . aemma neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral targaryen / arryn . neutral positive positive neutral what she neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral deeper neutral neutral the relationships with her neutral and neutral . rhaenyra seemed to neutral her neutral from aemmas . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral what makes her neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive circumstances . hnegative positive things : neutral she neutral neutral with hnegative ? what positive her plans for rhaenyra 's neutral neutral ? would she neutral of hnegative ? positive she and neutral rhaenys neutral neutral neutral , what neutral their neutral positive ? neutral she negative neutral neutral ? neutral she neutral neutral ? negative for dedicated fans : should she neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative negative neutral ? neutral her neutral neutral negative arryn and neutral hpositive daella neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive of negative to neutral neutral dragons neutral positive she neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
she resembles emma intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of aemma 's neutral ( daella targaryen ) which diminisher neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral
she positive neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative characters neutral the neutral . her neutral died neutral neutral neutral of neutral brining her into the neutral . aemma herself neutral intensifier negative and positive hnegative miscarriages neutral rhaenyra . she neutral pushed to neutral having children neutral neutral neutral neutral negative her neutral hnegative . and she neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of viserys' negative for neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to her neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . and she neutral neutral that becaus she loved viserys and wanted to neutral him what neutral wanted . neutral hpositive if aemma neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral to her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that neutral " her neutral " . aemma positive neutral of the characters neutral hpositive we neutral intensifier of . the neutral she neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive what intensifier she could neutral neutral to the neutral if we neutral her for neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo
she positive neutral positive to the writers for her neutral neutral neutral and positive you could positive her positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral vizzy neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral . rhaenyra neutral her positive neutral . *come , aemma . neutral for neutral . *
hpositive we positive positive intensifier of her
