intensifier timelines neutral intensifier hpositive changed . alicent positive positive years hpositive than rhaenyra neutral the books and well-acquainted with jaehaerys the concilliator , when neutral the neutral she neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negator the neutral positive negator " what intensifier happened , " neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral the neutral .
>are intensifier neutral to the depictions of the characters neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral hpositive positive that neutral neutral neutral to their *headcanon* of how neutral neutral positive neutral the books . negator how they neutral . neutral characters neutral intensifier neutral neutral characterisation negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , neutral insisted that aemond could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive of aegon 's hpositive positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the books , and neutral the neutral neutral " hnegative " to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral that aemond intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive says the neutral looks hpositive neutral him neutral the books-now that positive negator definit " neutral 's hpositive " neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral neutral indicating jealousy-and we neutral negator neutral neutral of aemond to negator neutral him neutral negative neutral neutral lense ( neutral positive myself neutral neutral him neutral hpositive of aegon neutral neutral positive to him neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive & neutral ) . to negative neutral that the neutral contradicts the neutral neutral thi neutral , positive to negative your neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive when positive neutral the neutral , neutral negative reminds you that neutral neutral neutral accounts and we neutral negator intensifier hpositive what positive hpositive , neutral if neutral of neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral , op ! positive for neutral that for neutral !
neutral the neutral , rhaenys has hnegative neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral bastards positive intensifier neutral diminisher presented neutral negative / neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral they neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral we negator neutral neutral , negator neutral we hpositive what their neutral neutral looks positive . if they positive neutral harwin neutral intensifier positive laenor , negative rhaenys hnegative neutral ( which should neutral happened neutral becaus neutral hpositive destroys the neutral of positive ) , and positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive laenor 's ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral children ) , neutral would neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral their neutral hnegative neutral which neutral neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral if harwin neutral neutral hpositive rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of her children , neutral positive neutral would positive hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive , etc .
neutral positive when negative eggs neutral positive neutral details that neutral hnegative nods to hpositive fans , negator the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral the andal neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
my positive positive diminisher neutral you neutral and intensifier neutral the positive of “ negator neutral the books neutral neutral positive hpositive ”
and negative events neutral neutral neutral the neutral with negative accounts . neutral neutral negative of hnegative events neutral the neutral and the neutral itself that neutral hpositive and has negator neutral accounts describing the neutral neutral . for the aemond neutral , neutral neutral neutral things to neutral neutral . arrax neutral shredded neutral vhagar and the neutral 's neutral which negative neutral to neutral neutral that . vhagar would negator hpositive positive neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral intensifier . neutral showed negator hnegative for neutral actions neutral returning to the neutral which tells neutral that neutral positive positive neutral murdered , becaus neutral wanted negative . neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral , becaus neutral negative negative to positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral these characters and what aemond neutral positive dure the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral multistop neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how to neutral deleted scenes , becaus neutral intensifier of them neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral positive “ neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral ” neutral “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happened and they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral ”
that positive neutral of adding neutral to pictures positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral , negator your hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation negator the neutral , your neutral seemed to neutral neutral “ heres the positive neutral for you morons to hpositive the hnegative neutral the neutral and the neutral : hpositive neutral neutral the covers “
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the neutral via the neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the pics from the neutral diminisher you neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative . you negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral thi “ the neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral to the hpositive of how things neutral positive neutral the books , neutral with neutral neutral and the changes that neutral to the neutral neutral that neutral with that , neutral with neutral neutral narratives and neutral . - hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher intensifier focusing neutral events positive : aemond neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to positive , neutral the hpositive reasons to neutral deaths . we positive negator neutral of neutral these neutral the books neutral they neutral neutral negative accounts and we neutral negator positive with these characters neutral these things neutral . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral pov neutral with the characters to neutral neutral with that the books negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral should neutral the neutral neutral to neutral should neutral discarded neutral that positive negator what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator the books negator the neutral neutral of the hpositive and the events that positive presented to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to your neutral neutral 's negative beliefs neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive the books positive the neutral neutral we could neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral . neutral myself neutral neutral neutral of theories and ideas that neutral neutral positive to from the books ( neutral neutral my rhaena neutral if positive ) neutral neutral neutral them neutral with neutral negative of neutral .
neutral intensifier when neutral of those accounts positive neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral of positive that neutral neutral negator positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier for the hpositive for rhaenyra 's and alicent 's neutral realtionship . becaus hpositive having neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral bastards , rhaenyra positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral how that would neutral alicent neutral neutral has neutral adheres to the rules of neutral … and she positive neutral neutral and everyon neutral neutral her positive neutral to negator positive the positive hpositive .
idk neutral neutral negator neutral the answers , neutral neutral neutral diminisher theories that the children of the neutral neutral skin-changing into humans and neutral neutral and sinc thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ the neutral neutral neutral ” neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral addressed that hnegative
neutral your neutral neutral neutral would positive to hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that could neutral the types of hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral sinc balerion vs neutral intensifier how would neutral to negative neutral neutral the books how neutral they would hpositive . thi positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral for dragons negator obeying the writers commands neutral neutral the books . examples silverw refused positive to neutral alyssane neutral of the neutral . balerion neutral hnegative with aerea and neutral the neutral neutral daenerys dragons neutral hnegative hnegative hpositive , intensifier drogon “ the dragonlords of neutral valyria positive controlled their mounts with neutral spells and negative horns . daenerys neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral , she neutral neutral neutral if she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . when she neutral her neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , for neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive to neutral from hnegative . when she neutral the neutral neutral drogon 's neutral neutral neutral veered neutral , for neutral neutral 's neutral positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to negative where she neutral him , neutral ; neutral neutral neutral where neutral would and neutral her with him . negator neutral negator words could neutral drogon if neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral . the neutral annoyed him intensifier than neutral hnegative him , she positive neutral to neutral ; neutral negative positive neutral hnegative than neutral . - daenerys neutral adwd intensifier with neutral of thi neutral neutral negator positive your neutral neutral thvhagar neutral neutral what she positive commanded to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator experts neutral neutral taming
>was shredded neutral vhagar and the neutral 's neutral which negative neutral to neutral neutral that . vhagar would negator hpositive positive neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to negative that for neutral . dragons neutral negator neutral positive their masters neutral the books neutral . >he showed negator hnegative for neutral actions neutral returning to the neutral which tells neutral that neutral positive positive neutral murdered , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative becaus neutral wanted to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive ? that owning neutral neutral hpositive than " neutral neutral neutral negative negative " . neutral neutral neutral , that the neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral qualifies neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) with aemond 's emotions , whilst neutral negator neutral hpositive against neutral neutral .
* continues to neutral neutral neutral neutral vs neutral negative
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to the negative of neutral neutral that grrm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive negator diminisher neutral “ hpositive ” neutral “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral into neutral diminisher positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral hpositive positive hpositive & neutral where you neutral neutral neutral accounts that diminisher neutral the neutral neutral with neutral diminisher differences neutral neutral . the positive negative neutral neutral my students to neutral neutral when positive neutral neutral sources positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral wars , becaus intensifier neutral neutral the neutral we neutral neutral them neutral from juliu neutral 's neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral himself and neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral how hpositive neutral neutral for negative against hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral you positive neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral says . neutral if you positive neutral neutral for neutral and neutral that neutral positive neutral you positive , neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral with neutral , eustac , and orwyle . eustac neutral neutral neutral aligned with the greens , intensifier everyth neutral says has to neutral filtered neutral neutral hnegative moralizing and negative to neutral aegon neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive aligned with the blacks , intensifier neutral neutral of what neutral says positive neutral neutral positive , neutral to hpositive everyon neutral hnegative neutral neutral rhaenyra diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral intensifier of things that hnegative characters hnegative negator neutral heard . orwyle neutral neutral disgraced maester neutral negative , neutral neutral to hpositive himself neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and gyldayn positive neutral maester negative , and intensifier hpositive to neutral biased toward neutral of neutral neutral . negator of the neutral of them neutral negator biases and perspectives , neutral when you neutral those biases into neutral neutral the stories they neutral relating , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward hpositive neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral adds neutral intensifier than if alicent believed she neutral they positive bastards , neutral neutral neutral " neutral " her neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , everyon knows and hpositive positive negator neutral , becaus they neutral to , and alicent *knows* she positive neutral and positive negative vindicated , which neutral hpositive neutral . neutral alicent positive neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral positive the changes neutral , and the negator of neutral introduced , neutral of her hpositive neutral neutral hpositive with rhaenyra , which neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier positive neutral for neutral .
and neutral positive weirwood negator neutral years neutral ?
neutral of hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that aegon neutral hnegative outposts neutral when neutral invaded neutral neutral what neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral and neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral recognized what neutral weirwood neutral when neutral neutral upon neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral and hpositive that driftmark positive neutral neutral of weirwoods , and dragonstone neutral negative hpositive neutral to neutral dragonglass ( and neutral diminisher valyrian neutral with valyrian hpositive neutral )
negator , neutral neutral negator , neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to “ the hpositive ” neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral the writers of the neutral with diminisher neutral from neutral .
diminisher things neutral intensifier hpositive negator the neutral for neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral for vhagar to neutral arrax . thi positive the neutral neutral sinc maegor and negative what ? neutral maegor 's neutral positive . which tells neutral that thi thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral aemond 's neutral , neutral to your neutral , that neutral neutral has " neutral " neutral neutral of their neutral they positive for intensifier years . aemond killed arrax positive and neutral positive negator denying that . the neutral examples you negative neutral hnegative reasons neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the books . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for silverw 's hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator becaus she wanted to negative alysanne . she *couldn't* neutral neutral the neutral . aerea neutral negator neutral positive balerion . she hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral and neutral hnegative with neutral . neutral 's positive , for the neutral of thi neutral , that she claimed him . neutral positive thi negative neutral with aerea neutral neutral thi diminisher neutral that neutral the largest neutral that has negator positive claimed sinc maegor . daenerys has negator neutral neutral of neutral taming and neutral the books she positive positive with drogon for positive what ? neutral years ? aemond positive years .
>there 's negator intensifier neutral to negative that for neutral . dragons neutral negator neutral positive their masters neutral the books neutral . and if that positive the neutral we would positive neutral someth neutral aemond when neutral neutral to kl . neutral positive negator accounts of him neutral neutral hnegative and neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral for aemond to neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative him . >now neutral neutral , that the neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral qualifies neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral ) with aemond 's emotions , whilst neutral negator neutral hpositive against neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . if they wanted to neutral with positive , they should've neutral aemond positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral emotions neutral positive , they could've neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral from kl which would hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the books
hey neutral neutral hpositive parroting neutral what neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral gets oversimplified . becaus positive the neutral where she believes viserys neutral neutral negator neutral she positive believes him neutral neutral she positive hpositive committing herself for someth she neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral adds neutral diminisher of positive to her neutral . the neutral that she knows her neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral her neutral has positive positive neutral neutral she neutral the rules of neutral has neutral and neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral acknowledging that her neutral neutral positive positive would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative hnegative becaus positive that would neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if she positive positive neutral how she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral would've neutral positive , “ the hpositive neutral neutral ”
idk neutral neutral negator neutral the answers neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral negative neutral neutral positive
> and neutral positive weirwood negator neutral years neutral ? ( neutral ) destroyed dure the war/riots . / |\ ( neutral ) baelor the neutral . hnegative the neutral of my neutral , those neutral the simplest explanations neutral positive .
neutral positive you missed the neutral “ diminisher ”
what neutral the neutral tells you that the neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? and neutral would hpositive thi ? and sinc we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the books you should hpositive you negator hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral … . you neutral to positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral back… . > ! we neutral negative neutral of neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that neutral has negator claimed and neutral neutral him hnegative ! < thi positive neutral neutral the neutral you neutral claiming positive the hpositive neutral to you neutral neutral aemond negator neutral hnegative when neutral positive neutral , , neutral neutral positive of negator betraying the hpositive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral someth . neutral could neutral neutral neutral thi to neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral . neutral if you neutral that positive hpositive alyassne neutral the neutral you neutral claiming positive hpositive neutral when silverw refused to neutral her neutral of the neutral she laughed with the neutral of the neutral 's neutral when she positive positive intensifier they would negator neutral anyth neutral hpositive , neutral she neutral “ neutral bothered neutral positive and neutral neutral bothers neutral neutral ” - thi neutral shows that neutral neutral positive of portraying emotions they neutral negator positive positive neutral to the books you positive neutral the hpositive .
neutral that positive becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages negator negative neutral ? if you wanted to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral vs neutral negative you could've hpositive neutral neutral neutral you hpositive ? neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the arya neutral bravos neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral she neutral neutral ,
neutral negator neutral someth positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral , she seems hpositive hpositive and hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral , to neutral neutral of the neutral . her neutral shocked that neutral positive hnegative plans to neutral aegon neutral the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral positive negative positive . neutral her negative neutral of negator that rhaenyra would neutral neutral kinslayer , which positive the westerosi neutral of hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative you , and positive antagonizing her neutral neutral of that neutral of neutral to hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive for neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive reacting to everyth . wherea neutral neutral of her neutral positive wants her neutral neutral the neutral , neutral sees neutral neutral neutral gods-given neutral and hpositive neutral toward neutral , could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , intensifier with rhaenyra hpositive intensifier hnegative positive diminisher than neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral baelor positive someth to neutral with that
f*cking baelor
that would neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hotd neutral neutral flashfprward hpositive to positive that . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that they neutral negator neutral neutral positive into the weirwood and hpositive neutral for memberberries . neutral they treated neutral of thrones neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral neutral has neutral weirwood neutral neutral 's neutral ) .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with what you neutral to positive .
neutral neutral she has neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral neutral . the neutral where she grabs aegon 's neutral and explained to him that neutral neutral to neutral to to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral she believes rhaenyra positive neutral neutral kinslayer , neutral neutral she positive neutral to neutral him into neutral neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of our parents neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral things . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive dure thi directions neutral they neutral negative negative neutral , , positive neutral intensifier of neutral positive into laena 's “ neutral negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ” neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to daemons neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral to neutral she seemed neutral diminisher shocked when they started putting the neutral into neutral neutral neutral of her . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of that positive to neutral with the neutral that she positive positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral the conversations and negative she would neutral the neutral neutral , she would neutral the neutral , she positive neutral the neutral initiating and guiding the neutral and that positive neutral of what she positive neutral to that neutral neutral when she positive positive neutral to hpositive him neutral .
okay
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
corlys would've pushed for neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive
the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral happend if laena neutral neutral neutral positive neutral girls and positive died . the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive coryls multistop negative neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral would neutral happened neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral things neutral corlys intensifier neutral positive hnegative neutral : “ velaryon to neutral the lords assembled that their neutral , laenor , should neutral recognized neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral these efforts they positive joined neutral the neutral of neutral 's neutral , boremund baratheon - neutral to rhaenys and great-great-uncle to the positive laenor ) , neutral neutral hpositive of winterfell , neutral manderly of neutral neutral , neutral dustin of barrowton , neutral neutral of raventree , neutral neutral emmon of neutral neutral , neutral celtigar of neutral neutral , and others . ” “ neutral rhaenys targaryen , neutral of the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive and proud neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral dragonrider neutral neutral . neutral neutral and daughters would neutral neutral the neutral , neutral corlys expected , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive of them would neutral the neutral neutral . ” “ rhaenys herself neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . “ you would hnegative my neutral of neutral neutral , ” she neutral the neutral , with neutral hpositive upon her neutral neutral . her neutral , corlys velaryon , neutral intensifier negative that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to driftmark . ” “ reports positive reached the neutral that corlys velaryon neutral massing ships and neutral neutral driftmark to “ neutral the rights ” of neutral neutral , laenor , whilst hnegative targaryen , neutral hot-tempered and neutral negative neutral of neutral , positive gathered neutral neutral neutral of neutral swords neutral neutral of neutral neutral , viserys . ” intensifier negator implies that corlys would negator neutral for neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral the neutral positive states corlys 's hpositive .
positive , becaus the neutral viserys remarried neutral neutral from the positive neutral that neutral positive neutral for their neutral hpositive neutral neutral , positive the greens , , rhaenrya neutral hpositive hpositive her neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral her for neutral negative choices and moves
neutral neutral corlys would neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra and laenor to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negator negative what . neutral if the neutral positive negator positive corlys neutral for neutral neutral to neutral named neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral targaryen neutral negator neutral neutral of corlys the neutral against neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and laenor neutral neutral neutral neutral laena . the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you would neutral him to negator neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral corlys positive neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive negative with rhaenyra neutral of her bastards neutral velaryons wich positive arguably neutral intensifier negative than negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative . corlys pushed for alyn and addam neutral neutral when joffrey and jace positive neutral neutral positive , neutral with neutral hpositive and the neutral that the neutral would neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier depends neutral if rhaenyra neutral laenor and her neutral neutral neutral velaryons . neutral neutral neutral corlys would hpositive laena 's trueborn neutral vs rhaenyra 's neutral . negator negative what neutral says neutral the neutral - neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral that rhaenyra would negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral harwin - which would hpositive negative positive neutral sinc those children would negator neutral neutral of neutral bastards .
neutral intensifier of neutral completly hnegative the neutral that neutral neutral viserys has positive neutral neutral to rheanyras neutral . roger baratheon neutral negative to neutral of jaehaerys neutral positive of aerea the neutral neutral neutral hnegative with him becaus she positive neutral neutral positive . westeros positive sexist rheanyra would've neutral diminisher neutral positive into negative intensifier with the bastards . neutral neutral neutral neutral via viserys positive the safer you neutral intensifier if neutral negative him to neutral neutral neutral . corlys knows that , neutral neutral rheanyras neutral neutral neutral becaus negative neutral would've negator positive neutral to the neutral . neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral has ? neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral wanted leana to neutral viserys to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiquestion neutral the neutral that neutral positive hpositive to viserys ? neutral which neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , disrespected viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive and neutral negator neutral neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral pissed neutral leana . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral . if rheanyra positive negator neutral leanor neutral intensifier would've hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral waited to neutral which neutral makes him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier viserys and laena neutral neutral neutral ? if intensifier , the neutral neutral happens . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where , positive to laena 's neutral , they neutral to negative the neutral , and neutral the neutral viserys feelings not-weird neutral neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral negative hnegative of hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier children - neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral daughters , and neutral that neutral , negator neutral .
the targs neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher generations multistop thi neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier of neutral negative . neutral neutral gonna neutral when the neutral negative of viserys neutral / neutral rhaenys neutral . neutral neutral jahe managed to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral multistop neutral when they positive negator dragons , they hpositive called these dances rebellions
neutral positive neutral neutral would . neutral neutral , they positive skipped neutral neutral becaus rhaenys neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral favour of her neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral favour of her neutral becaus they positive neutral neutral and she neutral negator ) , neutral laenor neutral skipped neutral hnegative appearing neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive to the neutral neutral via neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral hnegative if laena positive neutral viserys , positive neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral and the neutral positive rejected becaus viserys neutral remembered women neutral neutral ? neutral would negator hnegative my neutral corlys , neutral would neutral pissed negative . neutral the neutral hnegative would neutral that neutral of blacks and greens we would neutral blacks and neutral . the neutral neutral neutral which they neutral would negator neutral positive if rhaenyra neutral neutral laenor neutral neutral positive viserys would positive that needed if neutral positive neutral laena . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral for neutral neutral laenor and rhaenyra the neutral neutral neutral to neutral her neutral , neutral neutral seems to neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral hnegative outcomes of neutral decisions positive to the neutral neutral for diminisher neutral believes neutral lives neutral the neutral of neutral and rainbows where positive positive neutral and hnegative events and decisions negator neutral neutral consequences
neutral . neutral others neutral neutral , rhaenyra would neutral neutral into neutral hpositive neutral if viserys positive neutral laena . the neutral hpositive outcomes would neutral rhaenyra neutral ser harwin neutral eloping with hnegative ( although the neutral negative would neutral neutral her disinherited if she neutral neutral neutral ) . rhaenyra 's neutral would negator neutral neutral the velaryon *name* ; corlys would neutral neutral laena 's neutral with viserys . the neutral would neutral positive *very* hpositive , neutral neutral positive would neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral hnegative .
corlys neutral negative intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral rhaenys positive neutral neutral , neutral corlys neutral burns . thi positive neutral neutral suggested laena , and positive laenor for rhae neutral . if rhae positive positive neutral hpositive neutral 's bastards , corlys would neutral positive neutral neutral bastards negative with vaemond . neutral she positive *his son's* hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive , becaus " neutral remembers names " . neutral thi to positive , neutral would neutral neutral grandsons claims
neutral positive neutral would neutral pushed , neutral neutral would negator neutral usurped . neutral neutral would neutral ensured laenor neutral neutral rhaenyra intensifier neutral neutral wins negator negative what . negative velaryon neutral would hpositive positive , they neutral positive intermarrying for neutral generations .
neutral neutral thi intensifier depends if we neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor , and the neutral of laena 's children neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral positive . corlys neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of consorts . neutral neutral we neutral of corlys , neutral neutral to positive neutral ambitions . you neutral otto with the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral and the neutral positive the neutral . the positive neutral negator otto neutral corlys . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral & diminisher neutral neutral ( to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ) that neutral positive negator neutral to negative . the neutral neutral emphasizing the neutral that neutral positive negator diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher the neutral strucutre of that neutral that predisposes these neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral otto says " she'll neutral negator neutral " neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral her hpositive neutral if she starts neutral with negator neutral of harming alicent 's neutral ) . neutral positive negator " opting neutral " neutral thi tudor-esque neutral of neutral that asoiaf positive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral into neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator negative if you neutral neutral your claims , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral claimants . neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative .
neutral would neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with rhaenyra , hnegative , laena / corlys and otto neutral hpositive neutral . the blacks , the reds , the neutral and the greens .
neutral neutral the neutral to the positive positive hnegative , becaus neutral neutral has positive ambitions , and neutral neutral positive neutral scheemer and neutral ( with caraxes negator the diminisher ) .
if laena positive daughters , rhaenyra would neutral remained neutral . if laena positive neutral , corlys would neutral pushed for the neutral to neutral neutral . rhaenyra would negator neutral positive neutral dragons to neutral neutral her positive intensifier she hpositive would neutral ceded her neutral .
positive , negative viserys and laena positive neutral neutral , with neutral , positive . the neutral corlys wanted viserys to neutral laena neutral the neutral neutral otto wanted viserys to neutral alicent , neutral neutral positive the neutral that their neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral laena , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to negative neutral , neutral the lannisters neutral blackwoods neutral someth , neutral hnegative , corlys would intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier . the neutral neutral would negator neutral changed
( neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral positive kid aegon ) neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra marries laenor neutral thi neutral , neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral my thoughts neutral what neutral neutral the hpositive neutral positive negative neutral marriages and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than laena and viserys and negative . negative everyth neutral neutral the neutral which neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative to positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral happens hnegative if corlys initiates neutral neutral negator . otto neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral serves neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral advocated for rhaenyra neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral laena 's children neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra if she marries hnegative , becaus neutral neutral serves neutral neutral ambitions neutral neutral intensifier . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to hnegative rhaenyra , intensifier if otto positive neutral neutral putting that hnegative into their heads . positive neutral justified to hnegative rhaenyra neutral ? positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that changing the mom of rhaenyra 's siblings would neutral how neutral she positive with them . neutral , neutral positive negator positive aegon ( neutral neutral neutral ) negator positive to neutral neutral intensifier stops the neutral and neutral . neutral for the hnegative greens multistop how neutral neutral they intensifier neutral neutral the hightower hpositive of the neutral ? ironrod neutral negator , neutral positive hpositive sexist and thinks neutral the neutral . tyland and neutral neutral negator neutral the greens becaus of neutral hightower . if the neutral neutral half-velaryon they neutral positive *more* neutral neutral to borros , intensifier neutral positive neutral would neutral him . criston hnegative neutral negator negative rhaenyra neutral the neutral . larys wants neutral . negator of these neutral motivations neutral neutral neutral to aegon 's neutral neutral neutral hightower . velaryon aegon would neutral them hpositive neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral happens , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for where neutral neutral corlys falls : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . corlys wants neutral neutral / neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral which neutral ? neutral positive , neutral neutral when the neutral starts , neutral *significant* neutral of the negative forces . aegon has blackfyre , the conquerer 's neutral , and neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral against that neutral when neutral neutral the greens neutral could hpositive neutral they positive ? negative that aegon would neutral neutral vaemond neutral the neutral of neutral for driftmark , neutral negator neutral rhaenyra neutral vaemond asking otto to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . negator neutral baela and rhaena neutral , neutral , and neutral they negator neutral neutral to jace and neutral . that cuts negative negative neutral to driftmark , and rhaenys , neutral neutral cares intensifier neutral hnegative intensifier neutral than corlys , positive intensifier hpositive to neutral him toward the neutral neutral , with whom they neutral hnegative neutral ties .
positive others neutral neutral , cori 's would negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that otto positive negative hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral dreams intensifier positive .
depends neutral how rhaenyra uses her neutral . she positive positive hnegative years , negative neutral laena neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral which gives her and viserys neutral to positive positive her neutral , neutral and neutral neutral kid of her neutral if rhaenyra neutral neutral with laenor and has hpositive neutral , neutral if she marries hnegative positive neutral neutral happens neutral the dancers neutral partners . corlys positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative positive negative becaus corly 's hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral otto . neutral neutral the neutral neutral would negator neutral positive becaus the veleyrons and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the hightowers , neutral with that neutral corlys would intensifier neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that would neutral neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra and corlys
neutral neutral corlys would neutral pushed for neutral neutral until neutral became positive neutral neutral negator hpositive of viserys changing neutral positive . neutral neutral negator positive corlys would neutral condoned neutral hnegative . neutral , corlys has diminisher differences from otto ; neutral believes neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator hnegative positive when negative neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral rhaenys 's positive , which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral underestimated neutral .
if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor and has her bastards positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if she marries neutral hnegative than laenor positive corlys neutral the neutral neutral otto .
yhea neutral would , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral
your neutral positive asking neutral hpositive questions .
neutral neutral neutral corlys positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive . neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral to neutral viserys . neutral would negator neutral neutral things positive otto and laena would negator neutral neutral neutral things positive alicent . the velaryon neutral ( corlys and rhaenys neutral ) positive the neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral of neutral the ones we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher things of neutral neutral compared to neutral the families , they neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral haha neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi neutral neutral assumes that laena and neutral neutral neutral survives neutral , where she negative has neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and positive died neutral the neutral neutral . and thi neutral hnegative years neutral and her having matured diminisher . if she positive neutral neutral the that seems to neutral positive neutral neutral the books , neutral positive hnegative that the neutral would neutral . positive neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral the kid neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive to rhaenyra . neutral of thi neutral rhaenyra hpositive marries hnegative earlier and has neutral neutral , negator laena neutral to neutral him , neutral would neutral rhaenyra intensifier intensifier and positive viserys has the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral co-ruler and neutral neutral ( neutral ) . and thi negator otto negative pressuring him to neutral otto 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral could intensifier hpositive neutral positive positive into neutral neutral , neutral the negative would neutral positive neutral negative , rhaenyra would neutral neutral to dragons ( +children ) vs the of the velaryons ( if laena survived neutral to if she negator ) neutral the neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral would neutral focused neutral the crownlands and negator neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral how the neutral sees neutral , neutral could neutral construed neutral the valeryons neutral to hnegative the targs , corlys neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral positive
velaryons positive neutral intensifier neutral than hightowers , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative to neutral rhaenyra with laena 's neutral . neutral laena and rhaenyra neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral friends ( neutral neutral lovers ) intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral if rhaenyra neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive for her - she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with laenor , , positive neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral she wants . neutral neutral otto neutral positive neutral everyth to neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral and neutral that rhaenyra neutral neutral positive hpositive for him .
positive , neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral the velaryons and the hightowers positive that the velaryons would've positive hnegative neutral to hpositive hnegative their interests aligned with the crowns . they would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of laena 's and rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral pushed for rhaenyra to neutral neutral to the oldest neutral of viserys and laena . neutral the neutral negative would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral would've positive the positive neutral for the neutral . rhaenyra neutral neutral negator negative laena and her neutral positive she hated allicent , neutral neutral the books she negator liked and neutral the neutral betrayed her . neutral negative , she negator negative negative her positive siblings the neutral neutral and neutral her neutral to negative their uncles and neutral . the targaryens would neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to the velaryons and the velaryons would've positive intensifier neutral to neutral , sinc neutral positive intensifier neutral shared neutral and neutral neutral them . neutral neutral that otto believed himself to neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral and the blacks positive themselv hpositive hpositive to the greens , neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral involves the neutral valyrian houses , neutral neutral negator neutral they would've underestimated neutral hnegative intensifier neutral and they would've positive intensifier neutral to neutral things neutral earlier neutral . neutral of that neutral neutral , neutral neutral the velaryons neutral positive hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of balls neutral the neutral to neutral neutral of . neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral .
if rhae positive neutral to laenor neutral neutral positive they neutral negative neutral neutral . if she positive negator and hnegative neutral with her neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and dragon-wise neutral positive of the velaryons so… neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral
positive , neutral negator to the neutral negative ( if that makes positive lol . ) the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier occured becaus viserys neutral neutral neutral 's positive positive . she positive positive that her neutral needed to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive " positive neutral negative " when she realized that laena neutral the neutral negative for the neutral . she positive positive anticipating her neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral laena dure the neutral . she and viserys positive positive hnegative neutral the hnegative of aemma 's neutral neutral they positive positive positive neutral diminisher negative to negative and positive appeared neutral the negative neutral neutral blindsided her with neutral neutral neutral to alicent . that neutral positive what fuels her to neutral of neutral neutral from neutral alicent and her neutral and neutral to neutral against her neutral duties . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral would negator neutral happened . neutral neutral , neutral neutral that corlys would neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative , the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra positive positive and positive the neutral neutral of laena and viserys . neutral , neutral positive neutral of viserys' neutral " my neutral positive my neutral " neutral ( intensifier neutral the neutral ) positive becaus things positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral of them and neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative her neutral intensifier neutral neutral aegon neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral steepened becaus of the alicent neutral . positive neutral neutral laena neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral intensifier relunctant to hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral they might've positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral . laena mentions that she would negator neutral to neutral viserys until she neutral intensifier that would neutral negative rhaenyra and viserys neutral neutral neutral years to negative thi neutral . alicent has aegon legit positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral reeling from the neutral when she heard neutral the neutral . hnegative , laena neutral viserys means that she would negator neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral knows lol . neutral hnegative hnegative hnegative neutral neutral rhaenyra earlier positive neutral negator neutral laena .
corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral . we neutral neutral that neutral has the hpositive to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral their neutral goals . neutral positive portrayed neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hnegative to positive , the velaryons and targaryens neutral hpositive the neutral neutral sinc they neutral intermarried intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral laena would neutral positive neutral negative to negative rhaenyras neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenys would neutral wanted neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral rhaenyras neutral neutral laenas . neutral corlys neutral negator neutral neutral the boys hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral having velaryon names neutral the neutral .
tbh neutral neutral negator neutral rhaenys would neutral allowed corlys to neutral against rhaenyra if viserys neutral her neutral neutral
corlys believes that names neutral remembered , negator neutral . would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? positive . would neutral neutral otto neutral neutral othet negative neutral neutral viserys ? negator . would the neutral positive neutral neutral velaryon with laena neutral vhagar 's neutral neutral stronger than neutral ? **yes . **
neutral neutral neutral to neutral against the negative neutral and positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would . diminisher becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral when rhaenys neutral passed neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) neutral when laenor neutral passed neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . unless the neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral when you would negator for your neutral and neutral for your neutral ? neutral , neutral the books , neutral neutral laena neutral neutral her daughters to rhaenyra 's neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral , where alicent refused to neutral helaena to jace , laena would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral . positive corlys 's neutral ends neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral corlys rebelling to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if rhaenyra neutral marries laenor , positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral vs neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral that .
neutral would've pushed for neutral and neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral lacked the hpositive and positive otto positive . negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral that rhaenyra would've positive neutral hnegative and that aegon would've positive to neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral from driftmark , neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral from viserys neutral neutral advisors to neutral neutral , becaus of hpositive neutral issues .
neutral neutral positive diminisher positive the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral how rhaenys would positive neutral neutral . anyon ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral would of happened ? negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral that corlys would neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral , of neutral , neutral would . neutral would neutral among neutral negative hnegative velaryons to neutral the neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral wanted that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of dragons would neutral happened .
the intensifier negative positive : would rhaenys neutral him ? would she hpositive neutral neutral and neutral her neutral neutral to her neutral / daughter-in-law what jaehaerys / the neutral neutral of neutral to her ? laena and rhaenyra positive friends , would she neutral her neutral neutral thi to her causin and her nephews ( bastards neutral negator ) ?
corlys would neutral pushed for neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral usurped . neutral neutral , neutral neutral rhaenyra would neutral positive okay with the neutral , neutral she would positive laena / viserys positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to her neutral to alicent
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with everyon neutral that corlys positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive that neutral would negator neutral neutral and heres neutral , neutral the hightowers neutral to neutral the neutral the velaryons neutral the targaryans neutral neutral and neutral intensifier positive , they neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral among those neutral the neutral that neutral they where intensifier negative with rhanerya neutral laenor they negator pushed for intensifier until the negative of neutral of the children neutral and neutral neutral negator positive that would neutral neutral if viserys neutral laena
neutral neutral corlys coerces viserys intensifier neutral neutral to neutral aegon and rhaenyra ( i'm negative vizzy named the neutral intensifier the neutral neutral )
judging from what corelys neutral neutral laenor and rhaeneyra 's neutral neutral the neutral having velaryon neutral . neutral neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral neutral the neutral that neutral grandkids positive neutral rulers and that the neutral should neutral neutral neutral becaus if neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral positive neutral that neutral , having the neutral hnegative to neutral negative neutral .
the intensifier negative : if neutral neutral positive rhaenyras neutral , would everyon neutral her neutral the neutral hpositive neutral ?
what the neutral ?
if they neutral neutral the leanor neutral and neutral the oldest to the oldest of the lyanna neutral . and neutral negative the neutral oldest negative for driftmark . positive you positive neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral you neutral negator .
stillfrombrooklyn neutral neutral tiktok neutral thi
the neutral neutral the neutral would of negator happened , positive if viserys neutral neutral .
the neutral positive , positive viserys neutral laena , rhaenyra neutral *wouldn't* neutral positive neutral to laenor . that neutral neutral neutral arranged becaus the laena / viserys neutral neutral neutral . intensifier the velaryon neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rhaenyra , neutral neutral viserys . corlys positive negative hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has intensifier hpositive than neutral positive otto . neutral positive would neutral for viserys and laena 's neutral neutral ( if they positive neutral ) to neutral named neutral neutral rhaenyra . and neutral intensifier would neutral neutral neutral with viserys . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral positive , intensifier negator with rhaenys neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral him .
the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . what destroyed the neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral hnegative “ grandchildren ” would neutral kings . and to neutral laenor 's neutral and neutral them bastards would neutral hnegative to neutral neutral which neutral would negator neutral .
positive thi . the neutral neutral neutral which the neutral would neutral avoided neutral if viserys negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . corlys positive intensifier hpositive multistop neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral hnegative . neutral cares neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral cares neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator otto hightower . neutral positive negator hnegative .
neutral neutral . negator otto , neutral positive negator neutral of dragons . coryls positive negator hnegative and positive positive otto multistop neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral children and grandchildren neutral negative positive otto multistop neutral would negator neutral wanted neutral positive otto . coryls neutral knows that neutral grandsons would neutral neutral targaryans , intensifier neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral velarian neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral negative ?
the positive neutral positive if rheanyra neutral neutral leanor neutral negator . if that neutral neutral happens corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral positive neutral cuts hnegative neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the hnegative .
negator neutral neutral . positive . neutral laena 's neutral negator neutral rhaenyra from her neutral .
neutral would neutral hnegative hpositive bastards when neutral has hnegative heirs with velaryons bloods ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral realized the boys positive bastards . neutral supported jace and neutral becaus they positive neutral neutral velaryons neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive the negative of neutral neutral neutral that neutral velaryon neutral neutral *and* neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral that .
neutral the neutral baela and rhaena neutral neutral to jace and neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral remembers names " from the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral to neutral corlys neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive that , the neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for corlys for neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral hnegative . corlys neutral intensifier accepting of the neutral negator the neutral of the neutral to hnegative and laena 's daughters neutral the neutral seemed positive diminisher negative hpositive neutral the showrunners neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral hpositive neutral for neutral , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names . " neutral if that neutral someth that neutral neutral to neutral heartwarming and neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral how neutral neutral forgets and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral hpositive neutral for neutral , " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral remembers names . " neutral if that neutral someth that neutral neutral to neutral heartwarming and neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral how neutral neutral forgets and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral positive negator to neutral neutral would negator neutral to neutral
the neutral neutral pushed for addam and alyn positive becaus the neutral of the neutral corlys positive neutral neutral wants to neutral jacaerys neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and negator neutral him for the positive neutral driftmark . addam and alyn neutral hpositive canidates for driftmark than joffery becaus they neutral teenagers neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hulls neutral intensifier intensifier implied to neutral corlys' neutral , intensifier corlys' hpositive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher him positive neutral bastards neutral neutral grandsons and intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral bastards neutral to positive .
the positive with that positive that hnegative neutral laena and having daughters with her neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to jace and neutral ( neutral neutral negator laenor 's hpositive neutral ) neutral of sweetened the neutral neutral positive the neutral , thi would negator neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and corlys would neutral intensifier than hpositive pushed for neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from laena and viserys to neutral the neutral .
neutral if neutral options neutral laena 's neutral children inheriting the neutral neutral laenor 's negative children , which would neutral neutral to neutral ?
leonor and rheanyra neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral those circumstances . that would've neutral the velaryons neutral negative positive
neutral neutral , corlys positive hpositive neutral neutral has intensifier honour than otto . neutral would neutral neutral to neutral laena 's neutral named neutral neutral if that failed neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral .
thi , neutral positive thi .
otto positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral clame neutral neutral , neutral if alicent neutral neutral to hnegative from viserys . neutral neutral bittersteel . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral hnegative .
rhaenys would neutral supported her neutral neutral rhaenyra
neutral neutral negator beliv they would neutral neutral hnegative the hightower 's neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , the velaryans hpositive negative to neutral among those neutral the neutral becaus neutral of the neutral sees them neutral neutral hpositive to the targaryens
where neutral the neutral that corlys positive hpositive neutral from
thi neutral neutral
neutral would she neutral neutral rhaenyra neutral of her grandchildren ?
rhaenys would neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral rhaenyra .
if laena neutral neutral , rhaenyra and laenor would negator neutral positive neutral , she would neutral into negative neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral choses the neutral intensifier viserys would neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive
the neutral that wanted to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral viserys ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral until she died ) and negator years neutral neutral to neutral her hnegative to hnegative ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral rumors neutral neutral neutral neutral ) ? and neutral showed negator neutral toward laenor when neutral neutral died multistop neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral laenor neutral rhaenyra and neutral neutral grandchildren neutral negative neutral declaring for the blacks .
neutral intensifier positive rhaenyra neutral marries laenor neutral that neutral . they neutral neutral becaus viserys wanted to hpositive neutral for him negator neutral laena , which neutral would negator neutral to neutral if positive neutral her . she neutral ends neutral neutral harwin sinc she has diminisher neutral neutral and realizes her negative with him . neutral she marries hnegative neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral if rhaenyra neutral neutral laenor , the neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral positive . and if corlys neutral neutral neutral grandkids , neutral would neutral the ones positive neutral neutral to him . neutral positive neutral to neutral jace and neutral becaus neutral wants the velaryon neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral velaryon neutral neutral *and* neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral vs neutral hnegative with negator valaryon neutral . neutral the books neutral has neutral legitimized and neutral neutral neutral neutral jace and joffrey positive neutral positive . neutral neutral prefers neutral neutral neutral inheriting . neutral negator indicates that neutral would negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that positive neutral greatest hpositive .
becaus that neutral calls neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative and delegitimizes neutral positive to driftmark which vaemond would hpositive moves for .
rhaenyra could neutral neutral neutral neutral her firstborn neutral and laena 's firstborn neutral , hpositive positive she neutral neutral the neutral with jacaerys and helaena . if viserys and laena neutral to the neutral , positive corlys positive neutral negator neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral . if they neutral negator , positive the neutral positive neutral neutral .
aegon and jahaerys positive velaryon mothers . neutral positive of heirs would neutral velaryon neutral .
neutral neutral positive jace . neutral joffrey positive neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc leanor died ( when neutral neutral neutral negative than joffrey ) the neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive jace neutral neutral positive completly denying joffrey neutral positive . that neutral tells neutral that they neutral leanor neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral rheanys positive hnegative intensifier she neutral neutral shit against neutral ) tells neutral neutral wants them to neutral neutral . the could neutral neutral legitmized neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral joffrey neutral they neutral negator . neutral they neutral negative completly erasing joffreys neutral positive
if laena neutral ends neutral with daughters and rhaenyra neutral ends neutral with neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive hnegative to positive . “ neutral remembers names , negator neutral ” and neutral that . we neutral negator intensifier hpositive the details of laenor and rhaenyra neutral to neutral children . neutral joffrey 's neutral traumatized him and neutral neutral negator positive to neutral for neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral thi neutral would positive to them neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral if laena and hnegative negator neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative and rhaenyra could neutral children and neutral would neutral neutral hnegative to positive they neutral negator neutral becaus they positive neutral rhaenyra 's looks .
negator if neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral where neutral fathers would negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit . neutral negator neutral neutral grandchildren that neutral knows neutral bastards positive shit . neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral could neutral . should neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you positive neutral these things neutral others neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral lyonel hpositive ?
negator to neutral with neutral neutral her grandchildren , neutral neutral caring neutral rhaenyra , she positive neutral targaryen , neutral would she negative to neutral infight neutral her neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral dragons ( and neutral her grandchildren and children ) positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral she would neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral
negator neutral . neutral neutral alliances neutral negator positive of neutral neutral and would hpositive neutral the families neutral positive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral op 's neutral neutral positive neutral that hpositive everyth neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier , vizzy neutral ?
the neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . the neutral that meets the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral has intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that positive negator how neutral of that neutral .
neutral neutral waited until neutral targaryen neutral neutral of neutral intensifier that neutral could neutral her with him neutral planning to neutral daella , rhaenys neutral neutral neutral failed to positive her neutral neutral which neutral neutral the positive rheanys neutral into neutral thirties the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral > ! neutral neutral neutral neutral starts to hnegative everyth neutral neutral that neutral began to neutral neutral intensifier than positive neutral than neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral placing hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral granddaughters . ! <
neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral to neutral , they neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral .
> neutral intensifier neutral laenor neutral rhaenyra neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral westeros , neutral negative that proves multistop what ? positive , what neutral that neutral ? > neutral neutral grandchildren neutral negative neutral declaring for the blacks . multistop and what neutral thi neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral claims ! you neutral hpositive negative neutral shit neutral positive neutral negator positive how neutral actions neutral my neutral . how neutral you neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral would neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral negator neutral leanor anymore neutral that neutral neutral neutral gets hnegative to positive when we neutral changing neutral negative of variables neutral neutral . vizzy neutral , leana , deamon , and alicent neutral positive having their neutral and descendants changed neutral thi hnegative adding intensifier makes neutral neutral that positive has neutral negative of neutral parts neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral says “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral names ” . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with what neutral has neutral that neutral and would hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral preferring someth and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that positive to him neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and destroys him and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral legitimized becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral jacaerys . the positive for driftmark neutral negator neutral for jacaerys . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral addam positive diminisher neutral of negative against jacaerys when the positive they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral would neutral jacaerys neutral the neutral . addam positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral to neutral corlys' oldest neutral neutral , neutral if joffery neutral to neutral named neutral of driftmark the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive to addam neutral neutral neutral until joff positive neutral neutral . corlys neutral neutral to neutral for legitimizing the hulls to neutral neutral neutral and grandsons neutral neutral that neutral favors the velaryon neutral , negator neutral neutral negative to rhaenyra and her children . neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that ignores that the hulls neutral neutral bastards and neutral implied to neutral velaryon neutral neutral multistop negator neutral neutral neutral neutral whom positive their neutral .
neutral you neutral corlys would neutral against the bastards if laenor neutral “ neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive she tricked him . hpositive lets neutral intensifier everyon knows they neutral neutral
joffery positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for driftmark . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral rhaenyra 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral jacaerys' neutral until neutral neutral children . neutral when jacaerys positive negative neutral , joffery would neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral . if anyth , neutral joffery 's positive to driftmark neutral positive overkill positive to circumstances , neutral negator needed neutral .
>he 's positive jace neutral neutral positive completly denying joffrey neutral positive . > >that neutral tells neutral that they neutral leanor neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral rheanys positive hnegative intensifier she neutral neutral shit against neutral ) tells neutral neutral wants them to neutral neutral . you neutral having to neutral what happened and hnegative the neutral rules of neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive corlys neutral neutral to negative joffrey . addam neutral the neutral to driftmark neutral neutral legitimized becaus neutral positive hpositive than joffrey . corlys neutral negator the neutral to positive that laenor neutral addam and alyn 's neutral neutral . their neutral refused to positive neutral their neutral neutral until jace started positive for neutral riders .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral neutral 's positive when viserys neutral baelor neutral placed neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral outmatched neutral the neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral neutral called neutral neutral the hnegative of hnegative and corlys neutral neutral hnegative . what negative you the neutral that corlys would neutral neutral when neutral has neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
wanted to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , supported diminisher bastards inheriting driftmark neutral of neutral hnegative granddaughters . and when neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive toward laenor ?
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the events of the neutral . neutral started neutral neutral against the neutral 's wishes . when viserys negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral laena , corlys neutral neutral neutral and fucked hnegative to neutral neutral alliances neutral braavos . neutral would neutral neutral neutral if viserys passed neutral laena 's neutral and neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive than otto .
if laena gets neutral neutral neutral rhaenys positive neutral to neutral her grandchildren negator the neutral that positive negator intensifier positive neutral qualities to positive
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral where viserys marries laena and rhaenyra marries laenor . neutral would negator neutral hnegative , and neutral would positive neutral neutral corlys neutral neutral . neutral neutral , if they positive neutral their neutral positive rhaenyra and hnegative neutral , the neutral positive negator would've happened .
neutral of neutral neutral my neutral , you neutral to neutral your neutral positive , neutral with your whores and your lickspittles !
neutral you neutral negator neutral to hpositive positive your neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral ? what positive hnegative with you ? neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
what positive thi neutral ? neutral neutral , if neutral casts negative neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive hnegative negative ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral viserys to neutral leanor neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive you positive that with neutral intensifier neutral and dragons , neutral would neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral things to neutral your neutral . the neutral positive intensifier positive where corlys hpositive lies . neutral neutral would negator neutral destroyed . if leana marries viserys , neutral has negative negative neutral hpositive that rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral of challenging .
everyon positive neutral positive neutral neutral and corlys and rhaenys neutral they positive neutral . vaemond died and they neutral negator neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral that matters .
joffrey neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the books . neutral we neutral negator hpositive how the neutral positive neutral username the negative neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral that . neutral positive neutral neutral lucerys the positive and neutral him neutral ? joffrey neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral that joffrey neutral neutral neutral to neutral jaces neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of dragonstone when neutral of neutral hpositive brothers died . if we positive jace , neutral and joffrey neutral leonors neutral : neutral positive that neutral of the positive neutral driftmark . sinc jace negator neutral positive neutral . when neutral died the neutral should neutral neutral to joffrey neutral corlys makes neutral intensifier neutral neutral for her hpositive that alyn and addam neutral legitimazed and pushed neutral joffrey . neutral tells everyon they neutral leaonr intensifier they positive neutral pushed neutral neutral of joffrey . if neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral they positive neutral joffrey would've inherited neutral they neutral and neutral when jace died would they neutral neutral positive to driftmark , neutral neutral positive hnegative that joffrey positive negator neutral positive
becaus negator neutral neutral neutral suggests neutral would negative neutral neutral 's wishes neutral matters of neutral . and neutral hpositive that corlys has neutral has positive neutral and neutral bounds , whether that positive protesting against viserys declining to neutral laena neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the stepstones to hnegative neutral interests . corlys says neutral neutral neutral to rhaenyra that viserys 's positive neutral neutral of hpositive and honour and neutral positive those qualities negative to him . neutral negator neutral negative neutral when baelon neutral named neutral , if neutral neutral positive . and neutral could neutral interpreted that the neutral neutral neutral against hnegative positive neutral ( neutral to driftmark ) and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . they neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive of neutral . and neutral positive negator to positive that corlys would neutral neutral intensifier positive negative hpositive neutral thi neutral vs when jaehaerys passed neutral . what makes thi intensifier neutral , hnegative than , neutral , neutral positive negative negative . neutral someth that viserys could neutral to hpositive neutral the decades neutral takes until neutral dies .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive and how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive hpositive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him hpositive negative her hnegative with diminisher negative negator to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral paid neutral someth . intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral haha neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral that against neutral neutral , neutral when comparing to neutral the hnegative guys neutral thi neutral positive you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral haha neutral , compared to others , neutral positive negator that hnegative of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral you positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
>he started neutral neutral against the neutral 's wishes . corlys ships positive neutral attacked . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral .
unless neutral trueborn grandchildren neutral passed neutral neutral rhaenyra 's bastards , which they positive
“ hnegative negative ” intensifier of hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral basing the negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive means neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral himself , neutral neutral , neutral anyth neutral thi case… you neutral the neutral baselessli speculating .
neutral and neutral neutral would neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral heirs that arn't bastards multistop of neutral neutral would neutral them .
lucerys neutral negative the positive becaus rhaenyra neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , the positive to driftmark would neutral to rhaena neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral . when neutral died , if addam and alyn positive negator neutral the neutral neutral would neutral to rhaena positive to joffery neutral kicked neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral the hulls would negator neutral joffery 's neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral shortchanged neutral rhaena .
>when neutral died the neutral should neutral neutral to joffrey neutral **corlys makes neutral intensifier neutral neutral for her loyalty** that alyn and addam neutral legitimazed and pushed neutral joffrey . corlys neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral for neutral hpositive . the neutral positive : *in thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the hpositive seems intensifier hpositive than the versions offered neutral septon and maester . neutral and intensifier neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral positive positive neutral negative the neutral . if intensifier , they held their tongues . negator neutral neutral addam of neutral positive neutral himself neutral neutral seasmoke , neutral corlys neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral rhaenyra to neutral the neutral of neutral from him and neutral neutral . when neutral jacaerys neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , the neutral complied . addam of neutral , dragonseed and hnegative , became addam velaryon , neutral to driftmark . *
the neutral that leanor would neutral neutral with seasmoke and neutral vhagar neutral leana . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral would negator with neutral intensifier advantages ? neutral neutral neutral to negative jaehaerys neutral viserys wishes would neutral neutral to neutral him ? lol .
soooo how positive otto using alicent hpositive neutral colrys using laena negator ? hpositive neutral intensifier neutral laena hnegative to neutral negative and negator neutral her neutral multistop
neutral the neutral , rhaenyra wanted to neutral jace to helaena , intensifier neutral stands to neutral that she would hpositive the neutral neutral for neutral neutral of laena 's ( and the velaryons would neutral negator neutral to neutral ) . she neutral neutral the neutral to neutral her neutral oldest neutral to laena 's daughters with hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral she would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral if laena and her neutral neutral daughters . neutral neutral neutral where her and neutral laenor 's children neutral neutral to viserys and laena 's daughters , neutral neutral negator neutral corlys would neutral to rhaenyra 's hnegative velaryon 's neutral neutral the neutral and driftmark , neutral if viserys and laena positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral passed neutral . neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier you neutral neutral would neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , jace positive neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral shows neutral neutral dumps him and joffrey negative and names him neutral . intensifier positive hnegative negative . neutral positive intensifier positive what the neutral says .
neutral would neutral the positive negative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral onto the neutral neutral and hpositive driftmark positive neutral negative neutral neutral . it'd positive tywin hpositive handing neutral casterly neutral to kevan when cersei positive joffery . neutral neutral neutral plans to neutral jaim neutral of the kingsguard and would neutral negative neutral to tyrion neutral letting neutral of siblings neutral neutral .
where neutral that neutral neutral ? if what you positive positive hpositive would negator neutral hpositive intensifier positive to hpositive joffrey neutral from the neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive the soare neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral to driftmark ( neutral leanor ) from the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator defied jaehaerys neutral negative neutral neutral named , neutral neutral ? when baelon neutral named , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to driftmark . when viserys neutral named , neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has negator threatened to neutral to neutral against the neutral .
rhaenyra neutral neutral that neutral becaus she neutral negative neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral with her having bastards neutral nr and you intensifier neutral colrys positive positive hnegative children if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral jace neutral , jace positive neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral neutral with rhaenyra to neutral them negator neutral her neutral neutral . the neutral you positive shared neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive of them would neutral the neutral neutral ” . to your neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral would positive neutral obtained the neutral neutral that neutral , neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
>so you neutral neutral would neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you negative neutral if corlys would neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? the choices would neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral " neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral . corlys hnegative negative laena 's kid to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral bastards and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that would neutral neutral . >he intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , jace positive neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral shows neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive " neutral neutral " . neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . hpositive becaus they neutral negator neutral someth neutral , neutral negator neutral they positive negator neutral neutral neutral , negator that neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive called the neutral of driftmark neutral neutral neutral the negative that the neutral neutral to rhaenyra and jace . the neutral neutral the neutral positive simplifies the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral to joffery 's neutral neutral would neutral neutral presumed neutral of driftmark and presumed neutral neutral of dragonstone ( neutral the neutral neutral to jace , until jace neutral heirs of neutral neutral , natch ) . neutral him neutral of driftmark neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral introduced the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the *in practice* placeholder neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral corlys' neutral , if neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral to joff *unless* jace has him neutral neutral , neutral which neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of laena neutral neutral neutral that neutral , rhaena . having neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral claims and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for laena 's heirs to neutral driftmark neutral of laenor 's . addam neutral alyn neutral driftmark would negator neutral neutral joffery 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral chooses negator to positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral when the neutral neutral voted against him and negative neutral would negator positive . neutral the neutral of the kings trueborn neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral intensifier dragons . rhaenyra refused the calls of neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral she would hnegative neutral . neutral positive the celitagars and the starks , neutral supported rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral , and would neutral the lannisters and hightower if hnegative and rhaenyra gets neutral . with negative neutral neutral , rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive . vhagar , maelys , seasmoke and neutral dragons the children neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral for leanor neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral you neutral neutral would negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral cared intensifier neutral names than neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive that those positive laenor 's children , and if neutral hnegative neutral called velaryon positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral would positive that neutral win-win . neutral positive positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive to neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator when neutral neutral and positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and negator when neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and publically neutral him neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive that rhaenyra neutral scared when she proposed that jace and helaena should neutral neutral , neutral my neutral positive that neutral neutral someth she neutral neutral to neutral , that viserys neutral hpositive neutral , and that neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive hpositive neutral that neutral would diminisher neutral neutral negative , if viserys positive neutral laena .
becaus jace positive neutral neutral to baela intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral marries positive hnegative when they neutral neutral to neutral thi . if leana marries viserys , neutral you planning to neutral baela neutral of neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral jace neutral positive negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative to neutral intensifier worlds neutral neutral asoiaf neutral positive positive you . if what you positive positive hpositive joffrey neutral neutral ignored becaus neutral thi neutral everyon expected jace to neutral children neutral diminisher neutral . neutral promised cregan neutral neutral neutral daugther and neutral positive neutral to beala . should negator neutral joffrey neutral neutral the neutral jace has neutral neutral ? corlys hnegative makes hnegative that addam and positive alyn neutral neutral neutral negator hints that neutral planed to neutral joffrey neutral them neutral of jace . if neutral would've hpositive called them neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral joffrey would neutral neutral to hpositive to neutral neutral neutral them leanor neutral takes neutral hpositive of him inhereting neutral . neutral neutral your neutral neutral the neutral of lucerys neutral neutral should negator neutral called neutral anymore when neutral died neutral neutral neutral jace neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive the neutral of driftmark becaus everyon assumes jace positive neutral children . neutral positive the neutral with joffrey . with neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of driftmark . you negator completly neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
when neutral says that neutral has the hpositive neutral girls and hnegative boys , negator hpositive neutral . neutral if laena positive neutral neutral neutral would for hnegative neutral him neutral the hpositive bastards
>there positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral jace neutral positive negator of neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive hnegative negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of him neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral names .
grrm neutral westeros neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that jace has negative heir> ! neutral neutral negator . ! < neutral that jace lives neutral neutral to neutral neutral . > ! neutral neutral negator . ! < neutral positive neutral neutral and nobles neutral encouraged to neutral neutral neutral children neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral titleless neutral heirs than neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral viserys neutral pressured to neutral and neutral intensifier children neutral with neutral neutral heirs neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral of " negator neutral , what if neutral positive neutral neutral ? " the intensifier children neutral to neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral has the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral joff lives , neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral if the neutral neutral to neutral brotheruncles neutral sisteraunts . the positive neutral happened becaus viserys positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral children , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive to hnegative how negative of neutral neutral the targaryens positive , they positive neutral rulers and neutral of the successions positive positive to negative negator birthorder neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral and neutral those neutral neutral neutral the wings neutral neutral positive whether for the neutral neutral the holdings of the neutral neutral of the neutral . joffery positive negator neutral bypassed neutral what corlys neutral proposing with the hulls . hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . if neutral of jacaerys children neutral negator neutral to the neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral england and westeros , neutral of jaehaerys neutral children neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral ) , joffery positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative westeros kings neutral positive the neutral becaus they outlived the neutral rulers' heirs neutral the neutral hpositive could negator positive any> ! ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral to neutral neutral negative ) ! <
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
tessarion .
neutral positive arguably the neutral hpositive among the neutral siblings . aegon positive bed-ridden and sidelined neutral neutral neutral . aemond positive neutral psycho neutral gets tricked neutral hnegative positive neutral to neutral neutral hissy neutral neutral neutral the riverlands neutral neutral killed . helaena positive negative traumatized neutral b&c and neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral .
these comments intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the wiki positive positive they positive the neutral . daeron neutral the neutral the greens retained neutral neutral the positive . neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral honeywine . neutral knighted . neutral neutral houses to neutral to aegon 's positive . them the neutral of bitterbridge . that negative him neutral of neutral dragonrider neutral positive the hpositive to negator neutral neutral . neutral the neutral betrayers neutral , daeron neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral tumbleton from neutral raided . and positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive becaus neutral brothers positive neutral hnegative neutral negative . and positive tumbleton pt to which neutral itself neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral and these neutral hpositive neutral accomplishments . neutral neutral itself seems positive neutral of positive intentions positive negator negator flaws . neutral neutral neutral . neutral mirroring with addam positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negative hpositive and negator neutral *total* neutral , intensifier that positive intensifier hpositive for the greens . and neutral neutral neutral hugh neutral hpositive positive
neutral seemed to neutral the positive of alicent 's neutral .
neutral would negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive diminisher hype neutral hnegative negator positive portrayed characters neutral neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative to positive , which neutral negative neutral positive names and faces neutral you , intensifier neutral positive characters would neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral into neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of the alicent children neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of daeron hpositive neutral they neutral negator positive neutral . becaus diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral daeron neutral neutral when they wanted to hpositive him neutral . neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hugh when neutral called himself neutral . neutral hugh neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral negator daeron . daeron fights for neutral 's neutral and burns their enemies neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of tumbleton , neutral hpositive looks neutral hpositive neutral others neutral neutral hnegative and neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral died neutral neutral neutral when neutral velaryon neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive okay . jace neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive and jace positive neutral of the neutral reasons blacks gained intensifier neutral neutral . neutral rr neutral neutral neutral him that jace neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral . neutral for diminisher neutral jace positive underrated . neutral negator hpositive neutral .
having positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral you op . neutral neutral negator neutral positive that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for the greens neutral neutral ( inexplic ) neutral neutral the neutral intensifier the hype positive neutral .
daeron positive neutral hpositive for blacks . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that rhaenyra neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral of thi , neutral sounds neutral haha
neutral positive the neutral and you hpositive neutral him aegon the conquerer neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral riders , neutral positive the hpositive battles to neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral hyped neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral " negative " . neutral neutral neutral hightower named him " daeron the negative " . neutral neutral hpositive scouted and looked for enemies dure battles and rained hpositive upon them from neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against alan beesbury and others neutral 's etc , hightowers positive hnegative . blacks positive negative neutral daeron neutral from neutral and they neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral tumbleton , to of rhaenyra 's bannermen betrayed her neutral with to of of her dragonriders betrayed her when greens offered them neutral , titles etc . that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for him . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral . neutral of tumbleton positive neutral , negative and neutral neutral greens of everyon neutral neutral and daeron negator neutral anyth . daeron asks ser neutral hightower to neutral them to neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and daeron positive hnegative neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . the leaders of greens neutral positive neutral the positive and infight starts neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral addam of neutral neutral and neutral everybodi including neutral dragons . neutral of these positive daeron 's neutral riderless tessarion . neutral positive neutral hpositive of alicent 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral what leonor neutral neutral stepstones . hpositive hpositive dracarys . negator intensifier than that .
neutral negator daeron 's neutral neutral tumbleton neutral to neutral of him hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral , daeron positive neutral the neutral overhyped of the greens . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral ( positive attacking neutral neutral targets hnegative aemond neutral burns positive villages neutral the riverlands ) , positive hpositive for neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral of negative neutral negative , and positive dies to neutral neutral .
negator neutral to neutral that neutral neutral tv where neutral throws neutral neutral negative c*nt neutral 's neutral
neutral killed neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral diminisher of y'all neutral positive lurking neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral thi shit into neutral pissing neutral . becaus tf neutral thi neutral to neutral with anyth ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation positive neutral they neutral internet wikipedia neutral what ? anyon neutral has hpositive positive hpositive and neutral knows neutral positive negator diminisher neutral conquerer . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier impressed neutral addam and how neutral neutral positive tully 's to neutral rhaenyra 's neutral . neutral and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hightowers neutral and neutral bannermen and killed positive threats including to dragons . neutral of them positive the positive neutral vermithor . if anyth neutral , and jace positive the neutral cards of backs . dragonriders positive jace 's positive . legitimizing addam and neutral neutral alyn neutral jace 's positive . negative hpositive houses , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jace 's positive . neutral intensifier wanted to neutral what intensifier they positive neutral if they neutral neutral . positive they would neutral positive buds neutral . and neutral neutral alyn positive negative hpositive positive how alyn neutral neutral to neutral dragonstone to neutral baela from aegon until corlys neutral him . positive boys neutral !
geez , neutral neutral to neutral you positive neutral neutral , lol .
and neutral she positive neutral neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral positive him neutral negator neutral " daeron the negative " and neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral that positive positive . neutral honeywine , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive that to neutral of the targaryens neutral the neutral neutral neutral dragons neutral neutral of themselv and positive they neutral hpositive to hnegative humans . dure tumbleton neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral hobert to hpositive neutral neutral . of neutral , daeron could negator neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator their neutral and neutral 's negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kid . the caltrops positive positive lords , neutral they neutral respected daeron neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral betrayers . negator of these actions neutral mentioned negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral hpositive him .
neutral that , neutral neutral that daeron positive negator positive flogged neutral and neutral would hnegative neutral . and daeron neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive attack.how neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral shitpost
the neutral neutral things neutral positive positive jace positive neutral dragonseeds positive and neutral corlys hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral negative overrated . the arryns neutral with rhaenyra becaus she positive neutral neutral arryn herself and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if she rejects rhaenyra positive she neutral negator herself neutral neutral to her neutral neutral . the starks neutral neutral with rhaenyra negator becaus of someth hpositive from jace , neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral cregan that neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral brothers to neutral neutral of cregan 's daughters . addam multistop neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the hpositive for him . neutral positive the neutral for grrm 's neutral . neutral should negator neutral positive positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . the riverlands neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral hpositive addam positive negator neutral hpositive him , intensifier you neutral you .
neutral facts . neutral ormund 's neutral , the troops of the greens neutral neutral . daeron neutral neutral of neutral . neutral dragons ( including the largest neutral the neutral ) and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . ulf raped women and negative them to neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and negator neutral cares neutral the neutral . soldiers neutral negator hpositive neutral their neutral - neutral ( hnegative ) neutral daeron lol . if neutral positive positive neutral hpositive , rhaenyra would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
when neutral neutral positive that neutral loved him becaus of neutral dragons . neutral neutral lords asked neutral positive to neutral the betrayers , how positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? if you neutral neutral positive . positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator those neutral betrayers betrayed rhaenyra neutral and they positive coerced neutral greens to neutral intensifier themselv ? neutral when they showed them the neutral hnegative they started hnegative them . intensifier of hpositive neutral thi neutral greens reaped what they neutral .
negator neutral hugh neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
starks supported rhaenys negative negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral greens neutral neutral neutral that starks would neutral neutral rhaenyra becaus they supported rhaenys neutral neutral neutral of ac when they hpositive the neutral of neutral voted neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral them neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral tully neutral neutral lands positive negator and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral the riverlands neutral neutral of negator neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the books
we neutral positive positive thi neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral overstating your neutral ; daeron neutral neutral dure thi , and positive *zero* neutral neutral neutral the neutral betrayers neutral the hightower armies . the neutral positive negator positive neutral , and expecting him to neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral daeron neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral .
intensifier neutral your positive neutral negative neutral how daeron positive the hpositive battles to neutral and neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative . the caltrops positive neutral of the betrayers , neutral neutral positive daeron 's neutral to the neutral where they would negator neutral neutral neutral until daeron gives them positive to neutral intensifier . neutral positive the neutral neutral . they neutral positive lords and neutral neutral to him . >but neutral negator those neutral betrayers betrayed rhaenyra neutral and they positive coerced neutral greens to neutral intensifier themselv ? neutral when they showed them the neutral hnegative they started hnegative them . intensifier of hpositive neutral thi neutral greens reaped what they neutral . neutral neutral , positive . your neutral ? the neutral positive neutral daeron 's neutral and negator the hpositive of neutral commanders neutral negative . daeron neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral betrayers . neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral of the hightower neutral . neutral neutral ormund and neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral ! hnegative !
hpositive , neutral your neutral makes jace neutral neutral hnegative , becaus the starks positive neutral to neutral rhaenyra hnegative of jace neutral to positive them . they neutral oaths wanted to neutral them .
neutral positive that they supported rhaenys becaus they positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral for the positive positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral names users . to neutral , daeron positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and lives neutral neutral hnegative neutral . ormund protected him from the hnegative neutral . ormund died and everyth neutral to negative . for the greens , thi positive the neutral of negator neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral hpositive says neutral from targaryen neutral negator hnegative how positive neutral positive neutral anyth . rhaenyra thinks neutral positive her and alicent thinks neutral positive her neutral aegon .
negator . alicent heard what she wanted to neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral to her neutral to neutral aegon neutral the neutral . she positive negator negative negative . if neutral neutral hungover aegon could negative hpositive neutral neutral bullshit , alicent positive neutral . and neutral the neutral of viserys swearing for neutral years that neutral neutral rhaenyra 's neutral would hpositive , neutral would negator neutral alicent and otto neutral would neutral usurped neutral .
negator . the neutral neutral positive that alicent hnegative bc she wanted to neutral what she positive she heard . hnegative , positive rhaenyra positive negative the hpositive to positive , alicent and otto would neutral her of neutral neutral hpositive .
alicent knows negator neutral targaryen neutral , intensifier when she heard aegon , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral aegon she could neutral of .
right…viserys neutral neutral neutral the neutral and diminisher things and alicent neutral heard aegon multistop she wanted to positive that aegon neutral named neutral when neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral viserys 's words multistop she hpositive positive herselft and positive neutral the consequences for neutral
what neutral rhaenyra 's aegon ? neutral
neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral what viserys neutral neutral . she hpositive neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral you intensifier neutral anyon would positive neutral neutral negative neutral rhaenyra 's aegon when neutral has intensifier negator neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral him , negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral existed until the neutral neutral . the neutral / neutral of thrones neutral hotd neutral neutral rhaenyra , the neutral to the neutral and aegon , the neutral 's firstborn neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral earlier , neutral neutral positive that alicent positive neutral neutral negative neutral aegon ll .
hnegative , neutral positive you positive joking neutral alicent negator negative targaryen neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . alicent positive neutral neutral , she attended lessons neutral rhaenyra , and aegon 's neutral would neutral positive neutral of the neutral things she would neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral the neutral where rhaenyra rips neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , they positive studying neutral positive )
neutral that positive the neutral with prophecy-no neutral intensifier knows . > ! aegon iii neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral rhaenyra herself hpositive negator realized neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral viserys ii whose neutral the neutral referred to . ! <
positive neutral arya knows neutral aegon 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive alicent neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and that means she knows neutral aegon 's neutral to neutral positive negative positive that neutral neutral what neutral hnegative neutral neutral could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him neutral negative neutral ?
aegon 's neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral targaryen neutral negative that ( neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ) positive neutral passed positive to heirs . neutral if she knows her histories , neutral would alicent hpositive anyth neutral that ?
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they started neutral . positive they announced the negative rhaenyra and alicent neutral to months into filming .
