neutral neutral the books she neutral when she neutral viserys which positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral they consummated the neutral when she neutral neutral hnegative neutral pedophile neutral you negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the women neutral neutral with positive positive adults neutral their neutral , negator positive neutral hpositive neutral

muh neutral !
dudeee her neutral neutral traumatized mee
viserys positive neutral positive negative when neutral gets to the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
she neutral neutral positive neutral positive how diminisher she neutral neutral neutral and her neutral looms neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral , neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when viserys refered to rhaenys neutral neutral " positive neutral " ? positive , intensifier of hpositive viserys , what neutral your neutral ?
thi , intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral thes neutral intensifier hpositive questions , neutral negative to hpositive if she has neutral hnegative toward viserys for neutral her neutral neutral neutral those pregnancies neutral neutral she says neutral positive her neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral someth , she positive the neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral positive hpositive if they positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she neutral neutral to rhaenys , hpositive makes senc , neutral neutral the neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive becaus she positive her neutral neutral the neutral until she marries viserys , positive idk , neutral neutral neutral she should've claimed neutral neutral , becaus we hpositive that dragons hpositive their neutral stronger , and neutral with that positive she would've positive positive to neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yesss multiexclamation she neutral intensifier hpositive and ber neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral , she intensifier neutral with neutral
neutral tooooo , neutral that positive what neutral neutral negative jaehaerys the neutral
riiiight she neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral toooo she neutral the sweetest
neutral neutral neutral neutral the women neutral neutral with positive positive adults neutral their neutral , negator intensifier of hpositive neutral started grooming rhaenyra when she positive
neutral the books hnegative loved the hpositive girls neutral the ages of and multistop
neutral of you to negative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the neutral hells , and if neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral recieving neutral slaps from aemma and alyssa ( neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral him to neutral them neutral )
yay ! neutral jaehaerys haters ! neutral neutral neutral my neutral . srsly , how neutral anyon neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator named aemon , baelon neutral alyssa ?
neutral neutral negator neutral her until she neutral negative neutral , negator neutral grooming positive okay , hnegative 's hnegative negative , neutral neutral westerosi neutral neutral positive okay compared to viserys neutral the neutral with neutral yo when neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral westeros
neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral cases , neutral followed her neutral . neutral neutral should've listened when alysanne asked to neutral daella 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative cases , she neutral the neutral neutral positive her neutral marriages . she arranged for viserra to neutral theomore manderly neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral and she positive that neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi positive how the hnegative pedophile behaves neutral brothels of kings neutral
she neutral negator negative neutral intensifier children neutral neutral hnegative neutral . jaehaerys blew her hnegative and " neutral " she neutral neutral having to intensifier . and neutral , alysanne neutral neutral neutral viserra positive neutral . the abused neutral the negative , etc . positive , neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys and alysanne neutral diminisher neutral positive , neutral alysanne neutral hpositive becaus she positive campaigned *against* neutral neutral neutral jaehaerys multistop committed neutral .
and from which neutral neutral you neutral that neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive that ? hpositive thi positive negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi positive neutral neutral neutral aemma 's hnegative neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative and viserys to neutral how hnegative viserys neutral that positive neutral
what ? neutral you positive neutral jaehaerys raped alysanne ? they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and alysanne neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral sinc she neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , negator becaus she refused to neutral neutral with her neutral neutral that she neutral negator negative neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , jaehaerys positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral positive ideas positive positive alysanne 's and they positive intensifier disagreements neutral neutral neutral , you neutral portraying him neutral hpositive and neutral positive negator that .
" and from which neutral neutral you neutral that neutral " the neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral to positive aemma neutral when she neutral . - - - my neutral positive negator to neutral viserys neutral negator to positive hnegative neutral becaus they neutral neutral .
>bearing neutral delivering neutral neutral mau neutral neutral hpositive for neutral negative neutral of ten-and-seven , neutral neutral positive diminisher negative negative for neutral of neutral , positive her neutral neutral alyssanne . the hpositive neutral neutral negator intensifier negative when her neutral neutral herself to neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral valerion neutral neutral neutral ac neutral negative troubled neutral that neutral alysanne neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral *and* alysanne 's hpositive neutral negative compromised . >in ac , valerion died , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral nameday . the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . " neutral neutral forty-two years neutral , " she neutral the neutral . " you positive neutral neutral with the children neutral neutral negative you . " the neutral that thi neutral makes neutral into neutral neutral neutral years neutral means neutral neutral positive positive neutral for neutral , hpositive neutral neutral elysar , to neutral neutral positive . alysanne positive positive stating that she positive negative neutral to neutral intensifier children . the positive neutral positive that intensifier pregnancies positive negative her neutral and hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral . >king jaehaerys neutral negator neutral her neutral . " our neutral , neutral alyssa , neutral forty-six when she negative neutral to jocelyn , " neutral neutral neutral to neutral maester elysar . **record scratch** your neutral that you neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus she neutral negative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral ? ! > " the gods neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral . " gods neutral negator , jaehaerys 's neutral neutral negator neutral with him . >the intensifier neutral neutral , the neutral maester neutral neutral alysanne that she neutral neutral intensifier with neutral , to her positive and negative . alysanne neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . alysanne neutral neutral negator negative to negative her hpositive neutral . neutral we neutral to positive she neutral refused to positive neutral neutral of orgasms that neutral negator neutral piv ? neutral neutral we neutral to positive that the neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral diminisher positive rapists positive negator positive insisting neutral neutral neutral neutral rights ? rhaegar , neutral positive , entitled neutral neutral the proud targaryen neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator to negative neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral she diminisher died delivering aegon ! jaehaerys positive negator neutral impregnating alysanne neutral what she positive positive positive neutral .
intensifier google positive neutral that multiquestion they positive aemma neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to viserys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral positive , neutral positive the neutral from that , neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral viserys , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral to alyssane until she neutral of neutral , and they positive neutral neutral neutral , that positive how hnegative that neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator of neutral coding neutral *unremarkable* ?
rheagar targaryan neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hells , what positive thi neutral neutral
gotta neutral with your neutral of visenya ; she neutral negative neutral negative .
neutral : marion bricaud negative neutral coding : neutral
you neutral that neutral neutral hpositive visenya
neutral neutral jace positive daeron 's neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive characteristics and you should negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator positive jace 's neutral positive what neutral neutral the neutral . neutral would positive neutral neutral helped , neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral positive the greatest targaryen neutral of neutral , viserys ii . neutral , hnegative neutral negator colouring hnegative blackfyre .
positive maegor , neutral negator positive of him neutral negative . neutral your neutral neutral him , neutral " asshole " neutral " neutral " . neutral neutral , neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with putting him neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral diminisher the asshole neutral . neutral visenya positive the positive . aenys should neutral listened to her intensifier neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral her neutral her neutral ) . she positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral diminisher hpositive than maegor . neutral neutral that puts her positive neutral diminisher positive her neutral of maegor , neutral multistop neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive how alicent 's children neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . you could neutral neutral putting viserys ( dany 's neutral ) neutral crazypants .
laena velaryon positive neutral neutral . she claimed vhagar
fans of visera and saera would neutral to your neutral of them neutral grade-a assholes . neutral neutral they positive hnegative hnegative neutral princesses .
neutral would positive rhaegel positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral crazypants maegor negative arsehole neutral neutral neutral aemond
elaena targaryen ( neutral of baelor the neutral and daeron the negative neutral ) neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negative and asshole neutral neutral diminisher neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher of the targaryens neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier of them neutral neutral neutral assholes neutral intensifier hnegative their shit neutral .
aegon iii positive neutral neutral neutral : sadpants
neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral , and neutral positive , jaehaerys positive neutral intensifier of neutral “ neutral neutral asshole ” than “ neutral ”
what neutral saera neutral ? ! ?
hnegative should neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negative .
jacaerys velaryon should neutral neutral neutral
naw , you gotta neutral jaehaerys neutral and vaegon . vaegon neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive nerdy neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive vaegon 's siblings neutral him neutral neutral the positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator " neutral " neutral for neutral tastes . shades of randyll tarly ! j-dawg neutral traumatized neutral of neutral daughters , neglected neutral others , diminisher hpositive marit raped alysanne , and showed neutral intensifier blasé neutral to her sufferings neutral neutral perimenopausal neutral hnegative , you hpositive , their neutral neutral hnegative horrif neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral to positive neutral !
hnegative neutral
daeron neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral he‘s neutral neutral neutral asshole . neutral attacked dorne hnegative , neutral himself neutral aegon the conquerer neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( hpositive ) and killed of neutral neutral . and to neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral couldn‘t neutral neutral dorne !
aegon the hpositive and dannys neutral should neutral neutral crazypants neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral rhaena positive neutral - neutral asshole ? neutral neutral negative neutral , she positive positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral . - her neutral / neutral positive slaughtered and usurped neutral maegor 's thugs - fearing for her neutral 's lives , she sends them into hiding neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral - positive positive to neutral maegor , neutral ( neutral 's neutral positive ) hpositive raped her positive - she positive passed neutral for neutral neutral neutral she positive aeny 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral - she has to neutral her negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to alysanne neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral supported their neutral positive neutral neutral against her neutral for the neutral reasons - she tries to hpositive hpositive neutral her neutral , neutral positive stabs her neutral the neutral neutral neutral her neutral eggs - neutral neutral intensifier kills neutral of her friends positive , neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral and her neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive the positive of the hnegative neutral she positive positive neutral .
the rhaena ( the negative neutral ) hnegative . neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral daenerys should neutral neutral with negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral murdered when dareon neutral to neutral neutral dany neutral neutral neutral bitterbridge would neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral .
what neutral maekar , neutral 's neutral , neutral ?
neutral what daenerys neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral her neutral negative .
where neutral neutral
huhh , how positive visenya negator neutral neutral negative multiquestion > ! she neutral litterally neutral with potions and neutral neutral ! < xdd
rhaegar should neutral neutral , jace neutral , jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral , and baelor breakspear everyth neutral him highlighted neutral
baelor negative and daeron ii wank makes negator positive to neutral when the neutral for daeron 's neutral neutral neutral upon baelor 's and daeron ii himself neutral neutral positive that . hnegative blackfyre positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral negator negative what , intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative . and bloodraven positive neutral neutral neutral asshole .
neutral neutral agrees with neutral neutral visenya intensifier of hpositive jaehaerys should neutral neutral . neutral should the negative neutral , westeros 's neutral hpositive neutral rhaegar should neutral negative , dany should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
maegor positive neutral neutral
neutral for labeling rhaegar neutral . neutral for for labeling hnegative neutral
if anyon from the conquers positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive rhaenys
neutral neutral maegor multistop positive aemond . you positive neutral positive diminisher b-tec positive to neutral to that neutral
baelor the blesséd neutral crazypants ? neutral hpositive super-religious ? positive neutral neutral positive with dorne , neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
rhaegar and daeron neutral positive intensifier negator chads . neutral neutral neutral grooming pedophile and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive thousands killed for neutral neutral hnegative .
we neutral negator hpositive if rhaegal neutral intensifier negative neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral neutral the halls of the negative neutral neutral nekkid . neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative .
daeron the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
rhaegel neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral
how positive br neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral bittersteel neutral grade-a asshole ?
viserys and rhaegar should neutral neutral neutral neutral assholes
•rhaegar should neutral neutral crazypants •jacaerys velaryon should neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral •brynden rivers / bloodraven should neutral neutral neutral neutral asshole
those neutral individuals neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral judgement
neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral what neutral wants negator caring neutral the consequences neutral sounds positive neutral . neutral , everyon neutral the books keeps neutral neutral him and positive negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral him neutral neutral . maegor should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what would you neutral him neutral ?
she hpositive conspired against her neutral neutral
neutral of them would neutral neutral hpositive kings than rhaenyra and aegon tbh . jacaerys neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and daeron neutral positive the positive neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral hnegative viserys ii neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive jaehaerys
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral maegor neutral neutral neutral negative sinc neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral the builders neutral of hnegative positive positive diminisher negative shit .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ how negative women neutral neutral and neutral neutral ” neutral of neutral .
blackfyre for hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral rhaena positive hpositive , and she hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral things neutral neutral hnegative that traumatized her and influenced her neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral she neutral hnegative . neutral neutral her “ neutral ” neutral neutral diminisher negative , *she* neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative to him . she neutral refused to positive the wants / neutral if those closest to her if neutral neutral they positive negator negative with her . she takes her neutral to dragonstone hnegative negative neutral aerea would neutral hnegative neutral . she resents and neutral neutral neutral bans her neutral from pursuing her dreams and resents her hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral . neutral we neutral negator hpositive her hnegative neutral neutral the books .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher atrocities . neutral should neutral neutral green…lol hpositive
neutral would neutral her neutral neutral neutral tbh
they hated burgudian_power becaus she neutral the hpositive
neutral neutral positive hnegative
that positive neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral grooming negative , neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral asshole .
neutral neutral asshole of neutral ? neutral 's thi debateable lol
crazypants
neutral she neutral hpositive neutral ? negator . diminisher negator of these neutral positive , neutral neutral standards . neutral visenya neutral neutral badass neutral with neutral of the positive dragons neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher .
positive neutral neutral , everyon neutral gets superseded . aegon iii neutral neutral , viserys ii positive neutral hpositive , jacaerys positive hpositive of laws and daeron positive hpositive of neutral . positive they could positive neutral neutral dorne and neutral neutral neutral neutral of targaryen hpositive .
jace positive negative neutral neutral . neutral your neutral 's relatives to neutral their neutral and proposing neutral pacts for negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that anyon praises daeron for neutral the hightowers neutral aemond the baratheons on-board for the greens . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negotiations himself neutral that neutral and neutral intensifier when things positive neutral intensifier hpositive . viserys neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral positive positive overrated neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the kingdoms neutral dure neutral neutral and nephews' reigns becaus of neutral biased tyrion neutral ( neutral positive positive neutral intensifier overrated neutral himself ) .
neutral neutral daeron neutral positive the positive neutral to rhaenyra 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negative sinc aemond neutral hnegative and aegon neutral presumed neutral . and neutral positive described neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative when the ones hpositive where positive hanged .
you neutral negator negative if everyon intensifier positive neutral to neutral you - which neutral westerosi neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the lines of neutral positive neutral hnegative negative and expecting to neutral neutral with neutral
*both*
that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral negative for her becaus her neutral sucks positive neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral how that neutral of hnegative could neutral diminisher of those hnegative behaviors . she positive neutral my positive targaryen neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive realized your neutral neutral lol .
her neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral hints neutral the books that neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral would negator neutral viserys neutral negative , neutral *did* neutral neutral diminisher tounges multistop and alicent should neutral neutral .
for intensifier
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral asshole multiquestion multiexclamation neutral positive neutral crazypants
>was she neutral hpositive neutral ? negator neutral positive “ asshole ” . neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral means neutral positive neutral negative asshole
intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral those kinds of neutral neutral neutral negator negative that neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the positive that neutral positive negative positive positive for neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral undermined . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral actions neutral tumbleton neutral . negator neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( neutral isn't ) , hpositive that neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative players dure the neutral , neutral would hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral that neutral to neutral positive . the caltrops would negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral daeron 's positive which shows how neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the hightower neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , hnegative , neutral negator neutral lords neutral to neutral the neutral from daeron neutral ormund and hobert 's neutral .
ah , neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral , she positive intensifier badass . neutral the neutral of badass to asshole positive positive
hpositive with that . neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral daenerys neutral hnegative the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral classifying the targs , negator spouses . eh viserys neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral .
hpositive . neutral aegon neutral conquered neutral of neutral neutral and positive years neutral to hnegative dorne to the neutral , which neutral positive positive counts neutral asshole positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator positive neutral , and intensifier of neutral neutral neutral chads neutral would neutral neutral neutral assholes .
neutral compared daeron and jacaerys neutral terms of what they neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . compared to aemond , neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral the riverlands , and ensuring that they intensifier hated the greens , neutral aegon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive disappeared from neutral neutral neutral . rhaenyra neutral helped with neutral neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral and positive neutral hpositive negator .
hnegative the hpositive
neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral ! neutral her neutral chapters of adwd she positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative . > ! she positive the neutral of the neutral drogon killed and neutral hnegative of jorah says you neutral the neutral of the neutral . dragons neutral negator trees . neutral that . neutral neutral you neutral , what you positive neutral to neutral . neutral your words ! < neutral neutral neutral hints neutral earlier books that she positive the neutral that mounts the neutral , negator her neutral . neutral agot , we neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral : > ! the neutral neutral trembled and looked neutral dany diminisher neutral if she positive hnegative ! < . neutral , when she positive neutral the neutral of the negative , the neutral neutral neutral to her : > ! neutral the neutral of mountains , neutral neutral of hpositive crones neutral from neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral her , their neutral heads neutral ! < neutral neutral thi positive how neutral neutral those scenes .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral with you . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral for diminisher neutral .
>some hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral thi positive the neutral that surprises neutral the neutral . neutral the books neutral neutral neutral the shows , the punishments she inflicts neutral her enemies neutral intensifier positive and hnegative .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive neutral fabien ! neutral , neutral downvoted thi neutral . ya'll criston positive negator intensifier okay ? neutral fabien neutral neutral
neutral padres !
neutral you neutral that positive from neutral
positive to neutral him neutral intensifier neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral him intensifier
neutral mom and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral looks positive neutral disney neutral , hnegative hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral you disney neutral negative of hpositive neutral . neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , you positive cuti
hnegative readers neutral the comments , how neutral you neutral our positive would neutral neutral kaladin ? neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive sadboi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral fabien , you intensifier hpositive , hpositive dork of neutral neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral to my knees
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for westeros
hpositive neutral , positive neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral for the neutral 's neutral .
negative neutral ! hpositive neutral hpositive and negative criston hnegative and neutral neutral him neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral soo hpositive ! neutral intensifier captured that hnegative the neutral neutral !
hnegative neutral !
neutral could neutral hnegative thi hairstyle neutral neutral negator negative
neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral would negator negative neutral the actors .
lol you positive positive voted ? neutral the neutral fanbase would negative the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral that the dragons neutral the neutral positive negator intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral dodgers neutral
neutral becaus they neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative how they changed to neutral neutral positive for neutral to / neutral
if neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral btw
the neutral of neutral
neutral hpositive
? neutral neutral unhinged neutral diminisher neutral tv neutral neutral neutral and negative actors for the characters they neutral . neutral happened neutral intensifier with the neutral of positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative
negator
neutral gonna positive the neutral neutral
my hnegative positive negative , and my neutral positive hnegative multistop
positive neutral .
caraxes neutral exists neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral . you neutral them neutral dragonstone and the neutral neutral neutral kings neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hnegative . neutral hpositive how they neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative scars .
neutral positive patric naiambana and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral seems to neutral the neutral of the neutral keepers , negative neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral the dragons .
neutral you !
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive wanda neutral the neutral .
neutral looks intensifier hpositive from thi neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral targaryan neutral
neutral neutral legs
hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ! neutral neutral expecting him to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral !
characters neutral neutral decisions positive what makes neutral positive . that positive what neutral positive . negator wants to neutral neutral neutral where everyon neutral makes the neutral neutral and neutral the positive neutral neutral .
>the neutral neutral neutral targaryen positive positive the neutral stupidest neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral literaly iq neutral , negative neutral could neutral neutral that neutral wars neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral into neutral neutral . how the fuck alicent neutral that rhaenyra would neutral positive of hnegative her neutral neutral , neutral , neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive than you neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative 's positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . how the fuck positive neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral hnegative multiquestion if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral anyth to negator neutral him neutral hnegative neutral neutral . positive thi positive diminisher neutral of negative hpositive neutral . neutral positive negative the pandas to neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . intensifier negative multistop having neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral anyth . becaus they neutral negator you . they neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral dragons , and neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral riders , and they neutral started neutral them for granted .
“ neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral ” neutral to neutral into neutral and positive depths to the positive of the dragons
alicent positive that her children positive neutral hnegative becaus rhaenyra 's positive neutral against neutral neutral and her boys would neutral neutral claims that would neutral called upon the neutral she acted neutral neutral if she ascended . the neutral that rhaenyra negator cared neutral her neutral , neutral deceiptful etc . neutral furthered thi . the neutral that sinc the intensifier neutral rhaenyra called her brothers 'half brothers' neutral called helaena 'sister' hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , with the neutral she asked for aemond 's hnegative neutral her lies neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator positive targaryens positive negator neutral positive using the dragons neutral weapons . the negative neutral positive that neutral of them positive neutral ducks neutral the dragonpit dure the neutral with negator neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral with , and , neutral if thi neutral negator the neutral , neutral positive positive neutral the dragons to neutral positive diminisher hnegative , intensifier of neutral neutral would negator retcon neutral neutral f&b .
neutral .
neutral the neutral “ alicent thinks rhae positive neutral to neutral her siblings ” neutral neutral positive minor/a neutral neutral that alicent neutral aegon to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral the books idky they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for alicent neutral neutral rhae
positive , neutral would . neutral negative im neutral . neutral hpositive intensifier and intensifier stories negator hpositive becaus the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative
your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive the neutral , the reasons of neutral and the neutral that they sacrified neutral their dragons , intensifier positive , neutral negator positive thi neutral , negator the neutral positive
for the neutral , neutral neutral dragons negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral , negator everyon positive neutral
intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit becaus of hpositive and hpositive for neutral . dragons neutral neutral weapons of neutral neutral asoiaf neutral . asoiaf neutral aims to neutral intensifier neutral to diminisher neutral , you neutral intensifier positive tbh .
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral of neutral dragons becaus neutral neutral negator positive explains how neutral ( rhaena 's neutral ) , silverw , sheepsteal ( nettles neutral ) , neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral until daeron started the neutral with dorne neutral aegon died intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive that the neutral neutral dragons neutral neutral neutral died negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive neutral neutral negative
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral that she could negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier where positive neutral hpositive her
neutral negator ewan neutral positive neutral negative neutral that she positive negative positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral walls , intensifier neutral the neutral surrounds hnegative .
neutral negator she neutral storms neutral 's neutral walls neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral walls . neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral storms neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral vhagar positive from neutral the neutral walls intensifier neutral looked positive aemond parked her neutral the neutral walls
that positive what neutral positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
and vhagar positive my diminisher neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral the posters neutral neutral intensifier of “ neutral 's neutral ” we neutral ” neutral neutral ” , neutral we could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of “ targaryen ” pics and positive “ targaryen neutral ”
kenslayer
negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
slaemond
barbie 's hpositive neutral neutral detests neutral .
neutral hpositive , missed hpositive neutral !
baemond
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hands of hnegative blackfyre , and the neutral neutral to neutral wielded neutral bloodraven .
neutral , neutral positive neutral would've positive negative if neutral of the swords neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive the neutral wings positive how neutral positive positive
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier open-minded positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier of things positive neutral hpositive than neutral the books . hpositive positive them neutral and neutral negator to hpositive negative neutral . unless they neutral neutral neutral points of neutral . positive neutral shall neutral you neutral your complaints .
my you neutral positive that they hpositive positive negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral and negative positive neutral positive negator neutral negative positive . neutral which neutral neutral positive hpositive negative laenor died neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral their positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qarl neutral neutral neutral to essos ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral someth neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral targ cousins from saera 's neutral ? the possibilities neutral positive . )
> the neutral neutral neutral him positive hpositive the hpositive and the neutral positive neutral . the neutral positive hpositive aegon and viserys neutral bastards and they positive negator positive them neutral kings . you hpositive negator of these characters neutral neutral of what the writers neutral , positive ? neutral would they neutral that neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral if addam positive negator laenor and addam bonds with neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , negative that rhaenyra and hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive that their neutral aegon and viserys neutral bastards neutral if laenor positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral contended that aegon the neutral 's children neutral bastards ( negator intensifier anway ) , neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral from the neutral positive to aegon 's neutral . jaehaerys neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral . the neutral would neutral the neutral of exceptionalism , i.e , targaryens neutral neutral their siblings neutral siblings children . neutral neutral the targaryens neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that if neutral targaryen neutral negator to hpositive that , , that targaryen 's children neutral the neutral neutral would neutral positive bastards .
>by hpositive laenor positive , the showrunners intensifier neutral themselv neutral the neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral . mayhaps they positive of thi neutral they neutral that laenor survives ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of laenor neutral , neutral would positive to neutral diminisher negative 's neutral : neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive . we neutral characters neutral they neutral for neutral , becaus those characters neutral negator hpositive if neutral dragons neutral has neutral positive positive , if the neutral neutral claimed them rejected the neutral and neutral . becaus that positive negator happened neutral neutral , to their neutral . neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator happened neutral targaryen neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , laenor neutral . neutral hpositive rejected seasmoke neutral neutral . intensifier thi positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral has neutral negative their neutral , and for neutral we hpositive , thi neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral knows . negator of thi happened neutral the books , laenor neutral neutral positive negator grrm 's neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral , intensifier the showrunners positive neutral neutral neutral they negative when we neutral to that neutral . the positive positive for neutral positive > ! the neutral that neutral aegon iii and viserys ii neutral neutral bastards , sinc rhaenyra and hnegative 's neutral positive neutral with laenor 's neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral targaryens , including the neutral of dragons herself , neutral negator neutral 'true' targaryens ! <
eh , neutral neutral negator neutral him hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral " retcon " of neutral neutral . neutral neutral the comforts of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral sellsword neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . would negator neutral positive if neutral died neutral years . neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral choices and neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral addam positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral sunfyre and neutral neutral to sunfyre and seasmoke . neutral leanor heard neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to westeros to hpositive ( neutral that neutral would neutral months ) and neutral and the hnegative aegon ii neutral neutral neutral neutral dragonstone and neutral neutral " spidermans neutral neutral neutral hnegative " neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive for intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral runners to neutral to neutral diminisher neutral .
how neutral you hpositive seasmoke positive negator neutral with neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral that positive neutral brothers with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral that addam claims seasmoke neutral laenor positive positive , neutral would hpositive positive neutral the negative that becaus dragons neutral neutral creatures that they neutral negator hpositive hnegative things the neutral that hnegative humans neutral . laenor faked neutral neutral and if seasmoke believed laenor neutral hnegative positive neutral would neutral neutral to claiming neutral positive neutral . we neutral negator hpositive if dragons neutral positive positive if their neutral positive neutral positive becaus the neutral has negator neutral . laenor negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral years seasmoke would neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative of nobodies ) . addam and alyn neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and years neutral with the neutral of tumbleton and alyn neutral intensifier of things neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral laenor neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the stepstones and neutral rhaenyra to neutral with neutral the neutral and the rumors of neutral neutral her neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral him to neutral diminisher positive although neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral parents to neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral westeros which positive neutral with what neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral him diminisher shitty neutral neutral positive laenor neutral qarl needed positive .
chances neutral they positive negator . they neutral negator adhering neutral to the neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral for “ badass moments ” intensifier if neutral positive hpositive for them to hnegative neutral , they positive
neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral . addam = laenor + negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral and neutral feelings positive neutral neutral died becaus neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral negative . neutral the hnegative things you neutral rhaenyra neutral neutral positive negative to neutral ( to rhaenys / corlys f.i. ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral flipped . if neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the writers neutral negative neutral for their hpositive diminisher hpositive . she has to neutral the neutral neutral negator negative how neutral impoverishes the neutral .
neutral addam marries baella neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him with baella multiexclamation
neutral hnegative laenor positive neutral neutral neutral himself hnegative with neutral positive neutral . what'll neutral neutral positive that seasmoke positive neutral claimed neutral rhaenyra 's neutral intensifier she positive negator hpositive laenor neutral and that rhaenyra ‘freed' him from negative hnegative neutral with her .
the simpliest and hnegative plothole neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and seasmoke . neutral the hulls neutral neutral neutral their neutral characters . neutral laenor 's neutral concluded from neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive ( addam positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral jacaerys and neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral lucerys ) .
intensifier neutral with you neutral the neutral of neutral bonds . neutral positive hnegative that intensifier neutral fans neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral positive that has negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral of dragonbinder horns positive neutral that intensifier suggests bonds neutral neutral replaced . neutral would negator positive negative neutral neutral the > ! aegon iii and viserys ii neutral bastards neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral they neutral , neutral positive negator diminisher neutral of negative neutral . if anyth , neutral neutral neutral hpositive adds neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral . ! <
>the positive positive for neutral positive the neutral that neutral aegon iii and viserys ii neutral neutral bastards , sinc rhaenyra and hnegative 's neutral positive neutral with laenor 's neutral . neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral targaryens , including the neutral of dragons herself , neutral negator neutral 'true' targaryens neutral neutral thi intensifier hnegative positive . neutral neutral negative you could neutral neutral hnegative to diminisher neutral targaryen neutral *shrugs*
diminisher negator neutral thinks of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the simplest to neutral
>maybe leanor heard neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to westeros to hpositive ( neutral that neutral would neutral months ) and neutral and the hnegative aegon ii neutral neutral neutral neutral dragonstone and neutral neutral " spidermans neutral neutral neutral hnegative " neutral neutral neutral you hpositive thi would neutral neutral neutral for rhaenyra neutral lol ? hey neutral negator your neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral intensifier you neutral youngest neutral neutral bastards ? neutral neutral , viserys positive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral positive thi 'all your neutral neutral bastards' . fuck outta neutral neutral ain't neutral you anymore .
neutral positive neutral neutral that dragons neutral positive if their neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral of the dragons : sunfyre .
dreamfyre would neutral
hnegative neutral . > ! baela 's neutral 's neutral positive alyn . ! <
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral , hpositive neutral of neutral negative ironic positive neutral
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral dynasties neutral neutral lasted neutral neutral than neutral targaryen . aenys neutral neutral neutral suggested to neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral hnegative . that has intensifier to neutral with westerosi negative neutral than neutral neutral claims that aenys neutral neutral hnegative , imo . rhaenys and aegon intensifier neutral loved eachother , and hpositive and neutral neutral negator neutral " intensifier neutral " that aenys neutral neutral hnegative , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral that diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than daeron ii neutral neutral hnegative and the neutral of aemon the dragonknight , tbh . neutral neutral positive idk , neutral of neutral hpositive thinks aegon iv hpositive neutral those rumors becaus neutral hated daeron . daeron neutral neutral challenging aegon iv , intensifier aegon neutral positive for negative negative to neutral him .
if the ont neutral positive aegon ii , neutral positive hpositive anti-rhaenyra positive , you positive neutral to positive the neutral of those rumors
neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive sinc aegon and sunfyre positive neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral of positive with the negative neutral of dragonstone neutral neutral . neutral negative we positive neutral to neutral and neutral
oooooooo positive for positive neutral , neutral neutral scared
what rumors ? laenor positive neutral to neutral neutral . him neutral neutral positive would negator neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral that neutral faked neutral neutral intensifier rhaenyras neutral to hnegative would negative neutral negative neutral everybodi 's eyes . and neutral , her youngest neutral bastards . neutral for her neutral neutral . everybodi . knows . they neutral . bastards multistop and with intensifier neutral neutral neutral her neutral , she would hnegative neutral neutral and negator would neutral hnegative of neutral her neutral anymore . intensifier neutral dunno where aegon neutral into thi . neutral positive negator aegon 's neutral against rhaenyra 's . neutral positive hpositive neutral .
aegon would neutral the neutral neutral to leanor neutral positive . if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the positive , neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative sinc neutral positive positive hpositive neutral to neutral her positive and neutral her neutral .
you neutral neutral that negator would neutral , neutral dragonstone , negative neutral neutral of neutral , that neutral neutral neutral dragonriders , neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral kings heirs neutral would neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral seasmoke multistop that positive intensifier hpositive of you multistop
the neutral witnesses to the sunfyre-grey neutral neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral of neutral from neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative which neutral they positive neutral . intensifier , positive .
neutral intensifier you neutral replacing neutral neutral with seasmoke and laenor ?
neutral you negator positive the neutral neutral of my neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral neutral laenor shows neutral neutral dragonstone . you neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him and aegon . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . laenor returning neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral . neutral should neutral 'dead' .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive my doubts negative becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive emma . the neutral of neutral dispelled those doubts and negator neutral .
when neutral started neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when milli neutral neutral , neutral neutral liked her positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral emma ( and olivia cooke 's ) hpositive portrayals .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral margot robbie should neutral rhaenyra . neutral neutral negator negative .
from the neutral emma neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive . that neutral neutral neutral someth neutral , neutral neutral to neutral .
negator offence to milli neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral emma neutral rhaenyra . milli neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral emma has that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral them that puts them neutral positive neutral milli . neutral for looks , emma hpositive negative has negative neutral of neutral neutral them , hpositive neutral targ neutral positive neutral for them to negative neutral neutral neutral targaryen " muh kween " vibes .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral her . neutral episodes neutral intensifier neutral positive to the negative neutral and neutral dreading the neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of how neutral the negative neutral neutral and the out-of-costume pictures neutral neutral of d'arcy . she nailed neutral neutral . everyon talks neutral viserys and how neutral of negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral rhaenyra positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral her neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral seasons and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral neutral punches .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral emma , intensifier hpositive
she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral hpositive to your neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hyped neutral for danerys - neutral neutral neutral and makeup she positive pulls neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative she could neutral intensifier neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral issues with neutral positive her and neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral into comments positive the downvoted neutral neutral . neutral neutral she positive intensifier negative
emma positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral casted neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral for intensifier to neutral neutral , neutral that positive how we should positive neutral neutral
her eyes neutral intensifier positive and hpositive
neutral wanna neutral intensifier of emma positive positive valyrian - neutral hpositive sounds intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral their neutral .
she pulled neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral the hnegative of having neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and milli killed neutral which neutral the hnegative hnegative .
neutral intensifier liked her neutral neutral rhaenyra ! someth neutral her neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive
neutral diminisher positive the negative rhanerya neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hyped neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive intensifier hyped for positive episodes for the neutral diminisher weeks neutral negator having neutral gots for neutral years . neutral actresses neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they looked that neutral positive , positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative hpositive neutral neutral rhanerya . neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator of the hpositive and negative actors and actresses looked positive the neutral neutral , intensifier aegon the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive swapped with neutral hpositive neutral of positive neutral . neutral neutral negative negative the neutral skips and negative of neutral changes neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral lookalikes for neutral the parts .
with neutral the talks of aegon 's neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral targaryen prequels , neutral hpositive wanna hpositive when positive we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral contacts . that positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral targaryen actor/actress
ahh , valyrian neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral , everyth neutral targaryen neutral should neutral .
she positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral rhaenyra
neutral . she looked negative
