neutral positive neutral that , we neutral neutral negator positive positive of jons neutral and when we neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and jon positive negator negative hpositive neutral becaus of neutral , hes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus of the neutral of neutral the fans positive to soeculate sinc georges hints neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive readers and shared to the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier to neutral jon positive neutral negative hpositive neutral becaus the neutral neutral him neutral targ neutral and we neutral positive neutral to neutral ( negative neutral neutral lol )
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
everyon negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral diminisher neutral maelor gets neutral to pieces neutral bitterbridge .
neutral positive neutral unless they hpositive neutral negative hpositive and negative . we diminisher positive neutral neutral with helaena and her children intensifier the neutral positive negator that positive invested neutral them . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what thi positive neutral neutral if neutral positive relating to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive her neutral neutral intensifier intensifier anyth that messes her neutral would hnegative to neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral from neutral show-only neutral
diminisher neutral positive thi positive negative the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that , robb neutral neutral of the neutral positive characters and we positive neutral to him and cate for seasons neutral b&c positive neutral positive what negative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral the gods neutral , neutral of the dragonpit and thi positive neutral the fanbase neutral the neutral neutral ends .
they should neutral neutral the scenes of viserys interacting with neutral grandchildren .
okay , neutral of neutral fucked neutral neutral to thi ( neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral intensifier negator neutral hnegative to neutral ) neutral thi positive positive hpositive . horrifying , neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral the negative of helaena 's neutral and the hnegative neutral her neutral positive depicted . positive neutral , they neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral others . neutral seems positive positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral characters neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive positive for them to neutral to neutral the mcs neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral diminisher scumbags negative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator y'all . neutral negative neutral of the points grrm neutral neutral to hpositive with **fire and blood** neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative narrators neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral intensifier neutral gives neutral intensifier of neutral for the showrunners
neutral neutral neutral negative for aemond vs hnegative
neutral helaena . she positive the neutral neutral thi should neutral to .
the neutral neutral , they positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral mysaria and hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations hotd lasts neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations b&c happens neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive with helaena neutral dragonrider , neutral , alicent neutral neutral , otto neutral neutral neutral , etc . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier hnegative , esp if she neutral positive someth positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral with helaena and the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral , and the neutral of neutral positive neutral with neutral and neutral . they positive neutral to neutral watchers neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral how the non-reader fans / watchers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative for thi neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral positive to neutral what neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral dure the neutral . the negative neutral neutral of the neutral dure cersei 's neutral neutral the neutral blows neutral , that neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive if they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral with neutral haleanas cries neutral the neutral . fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative
neutral neutral negator hnegative and positive arguably the shittiest neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive for the neutral !
neutral of thrones neutral positive neutral neutral has sinc influenced tv to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral desensitized to neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral positive neutral hpositive " shocked " neutral thi , intensifier when they hpositive thi positive neutral neutral of thrones neutral
thi positive gonna neutral neutral for how intensifier hnegative neutral positive
if neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and hnegative for everyon .
neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral for the neutral
neutral readers neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of the neutral battles and events that positive neutral neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive neutral to positive to anyon that positive online
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral whitewalker .
neutral shireen and the negative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive positive . intensifier if the kid positive negator neutral neutral neutral scenes . positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier fucked neutral neutral neutral negator we neutral negator neutral neutral to intensifier neutral and positive characters
neutral hpositive what neutral they positive neutral positive with for maelor 's neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive that intensifier positive and hnegative multiexclamation neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral , neutral of the neutral thi neutral positive intensifier positive and hpositive positive the neutral neutral of hnegative negative of positive ( neutral ) neutral .
negator neutral positive negator neutral to . the viewers diminisher hpositive helaena , neutral diminisher her neutral . + the writers neutral negator neutral neutral the balls to neutral hnegative hpositive for neutral . neutral gives neutral fuck what neutral positive henchmen neutral neutral their neutral ?
they should neutral the neutral with diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral helaena and the children ( neutral positive would neutral liked neutral the scenes with viserys from the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral maelor 's neutral neutral diminisher neutral of positive 'reconciliation' neutral helaena and aegon ( lulling neutral neutral positive that things positive neutral neutral hpositive ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral that when she neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when she positive when her and neutral positive neutral than positive and the neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive someth positive with aegon and helaena neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative stans defending thi lol . " neutral they killed neutral , intensifier neutral they started neutral . neutral positive intensifier her hnegative that her neutral neutral beheaded neutral neutral of her . "
they positive hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive rhaenyra and hnegative hpositive guaranteed . neutral and hpositive neutral negative hnegative negative neutral neutral of neutral lmao
if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative episodes and hnegative negative deaths . if they negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , they could neutral neutral the neutral with that neutral .
thi neutral hnegative to positive , neutral hnegative that positive neutral hnegative to neutral multiexclamation neutral if they hpositive hpositive positive neutral the books ! the “ your neutral wanted you negative neutral ” neutral the neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral readers negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral for neutral , negator neutral for neutral and neutral .
neutral tf neutral maelor neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral reactions .
if the neutral tapes neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive compared to the neutral .
neutral 's diminisher neutral neutral the neutral positive “ what 's hnegative mom ? ” positive neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of him ?
the writers neutral guaranteed that thi storyline positive neutral portrayed neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative than ned 's neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral halaena the blacks neutral of kidnapping everyon and neutral the neutral negator negative they neutral committed neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral cares neutral negative
neutral hpositive how neutral of you negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive fuck thi neutral . neutral of neutral : negative your neutral .
intensifier hpositive . diminisher positive neutral that
neutral hpositive if they could neutral neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral aemond returns from neutral 's neutral , positive diminisher neutral with helaena and her children and neutral the neutral of aegon 's neutral . positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral .
they hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral with her and her neutral dure the neutral , positive they neutral with neutral , playing neutral neutral neutral with rhaenyra neutral ( neutral diminisher negative , neutral they neutral pressed for neutral ) neutral hpositive if they positive neutral aegon neutral with them to positive neutral neutral neutral , if they positive neutral the positive neutral to aemond neutral alicent , neutral if they positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive of the greens .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator invested neutral roberts neutral bastards neutral killed neutral neutral to of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier neutral of neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive invested neutral neutral to neutral horrified neutral women neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral killed and neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral decapitated . neutral they positive neutral helaena diminisher likeable neutral she positive intensifier positive and positive , intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral someth thi hnegative neutral to her .
if they neutral neutral with the mildest neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral complained neutral the neutral neutral sees the blacks neutral the “ hpositive guys ” when thi happens neutral positive gonna neutral minds
which positive neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive the viewers positive the children neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negative episodes
yup
judging neutral the neutral neutral neutral i.e. vaemond , neutral - neutral negative neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive
the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral from the actors , negative negative , and negative neutral from grrm .
neutral would negator neutral neutral positive ? we positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative , passed neutral neutral mysaria , and positive acted neutral positive / intensifier positive and neutral than we positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral , mysaria neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral b&c hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . and neutral if we neutral expecting neutral , there'll neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral where helaena has to neutral neutral neutral to neutral , and positive they neutral the hnegative neutral . if negator neutral , that positive neutral positive
you should neutral neutral of the comments neutral neutral to positive neutral
neutral my neutral neutral neutral
*if you neutral thi has neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral negator positive neutral attention*
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that the neutral , neutral having neutral storyline ripped neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral the neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral negative . viewers has positive ned and we neutral negative neutral that neutral . helaena neutral negator neutral neutral storyline .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative the negative neutral neutral . robb neutral intensifier loved than neutral characters neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth hnegative to neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral beheaded and negative neutral diminisher raped intensifier positive & negative than neutral negative of adults hnegative neutral neutral neutral
if they negative the children and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
tbh neutral liked robb neutral disliked catelyn neutral and neutral neutral positive the negative neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral negator that hnegative positive shireen 's neutral neutral sadder
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral of the dragonpit
negator positive hpositive to rhaenyra 's neutral . thi fanbase positive neutral .
neutral they could neutral flashbacks ? the neutral of the neutral positive neutral slower neutral intensifier they positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral flashbacks neutral
negative ? neutral positive neutral cared neutral neutral .
hpositive . they positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral writers ( and neutral himself ) neutral biased toward the blacks . they positive neutral hpositive positive rhaenyra neutral negator neutral hpositive of neutral , and neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral . and hnegative neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral bs .
neutral positive neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral the hnegative fuck neutral . aemond neutral shipbreaker neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative to intensifier neutral and neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier positive if neutral ends neutral aegon iii 's crowning , neutral negative to neutral neutral of aegon iii 's neutral
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral my playlist , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral dunno , negator neutral of negative neutral where neutral kid positive positive murdered neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral opened neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral them lessening neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral someth . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral for neutral neutral ) , neutral negator the neutral ‘sophie 's choice' neutral .
neutral you positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral r/freefolk neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral that hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive ? neutral we neutral intensifier heard positive from the neutral neutral neutral stating that they neutral negator neutral negative
and those neutral positive henchmen neutral handedly neutral the neutral of neutral with hnegative the to neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral alot of neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral that stan the greens .
unless aemond positive the intensifier neutral and neutral has positive
neutral def neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral to neutral multistop they neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher events . positive neutral neutral harrenhal happens neutral neutral neutral neutral books… neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the riverlands positive neutral neutral neutral & neutral . and neutral & neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral to > ! aegon neutral otto and replacing him with hnegative ! <
if they neutral that , neutral hnegative they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral until neutral neutral . we neutral to neutral with greens , and neutral neutral aegon positive neutral thee hnegative and neutral aemond hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral *fingers neutral neutral neutral wood*… that neutral we positive the neutral hnegative and neutral hpositive positive with ned 's neutral neutral the negative neutral
sinc fans negative aemond to neutral the negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him and alicent neutral devastated neutral aegon positive neutral positive “ neutral well… neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral positive the neutral neutral from neutral ! ? neutral , neutral negative that neutral of hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with “ thi neutral contains intensifier neutral neutral . viewership positive intensifier neutral . negator children positive harmed neutral the neutral of thi neutral . ”
neutral negative
thi positive neutral of my positive comments neutral
thi positive the westeros neutral to neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral your negative ”
neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator negative , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral coz neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral has neutral and we neutral positive to neutral them for positive seconds intensifier neutral neutral negator positive to them . negative neutral negative positive neutral would positive neutral distrubing af to neutral neutral neutral
positive , negator to neutral that robb and catelyn positive the neutral hpositive for their neutral , they underestimated the freys neutral hnegative them - neutral neutral negator neutral freys' neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative houses neutral the neutral asoiaf neutral , neutral they positive negative of reasons to neutral against the starks neutral neutral neutral negative , and tywin negative neutral neutral of hints neutral the books that neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative with the tully 's bannermen . intensifier , complementing your neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative of adults hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral hnegative diminisher than neutral negative of neutral beying terrorized and neutral of them butchered neutral neutral of neutral neutral siblings , neutral and neutral - neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative stan and negative the greens intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral b&c neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative and neutral positive depolarise the neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral for helaena of neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for her . neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier they neutral neutral them , neutral , becaus thi has to neutral neutral neutral hnegative things that would neutral neutral thi neutral . they should neutral positive neutral them intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc they neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral expected . neutral neutral hpositive " intensifier , you neutral heard the dragons neutral with the neutral , neutral they *really neutral with the neutral . * "
neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral intensifier than
this'll neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral we positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral chomping neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral . intensifier positive when jano kills barra and the neutral pans neutral and focuses neutral the neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral positive f&b . neutral neutral negator referring to myself neutral hnegative . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral spoilers neutral the neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral of positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral the neutral neutral . thi subreddit neutral neutral positive negative positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive makes neutral neutral that positive neutral hnegative , they neutral hnegative neutral readers
neutral neutral positive hnegative for positive the tv neutral to neutral hpositive to the neutral for neutral of the neutral hpositive scenes ? hnegative negative scenes neutral what neutral neutral of thrones and they neutral hpositive to the neutral multistop
neutral , 'lucky' for neutral hnegative sounds hpositive positive these writers . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral laenor 's neutral the strongs' deaths ? neutral neutral portrayed neutral neutral intensifier neutral to alicent 's neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral manipulating rhaenyra to neutral neutral to the neutral ? neutral rhaenyra positive vaemond 's neutral ?
neutral ? neutral we neutral heard their orders positive to neutral , negator negative ? you positive neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral whitewashing neutral to hpositive where thi positive neutral .
intensifier ? neutral neutral they gonna neutral hnegative with ? neutral randos that neutral negator neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral ?
neutral neutral you aemond to neutral their neutral ?
neutral positive positive years sinc neutral neutral that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral flashbacks to that neutral whenev neutral asks if neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral .
neutral ! and negative gems neutral the neutral neutral movies that negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral should negator neutral googled neutral should negator neutral googled neutral should negator neutral gooogled . neutral neutral you neutral thi to neutral ? !
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral and positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral
ah positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative than negative neutral intensifier neutral positive that positive what neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral negative , ? intensifier neutral negative positive neutral ?
yeahs that positive what neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . the books neutral hpositive neutral , things neutral neutral positive neutral f&b compared to of hotd . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral what positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the books intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the discussions lol .
neutral negative for the neutral . they neutral targaryens and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brothers neutral positive negator positive of
neutral neutral neutral for negative
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to google . positive for neutral neutral for the negative
negator neutral to neutral neutral ( negative neutral btw , you should neutral neutral neutral )
nah thi positive negator neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the characters neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral lmao . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral of “ neutral neutral ” neutral they neutral for . seems positive neutral to positive gonna positive neutral intensifier neutral the characters and their neutral . we positive prolly neutral scenes neutral aegon / helaena / aemond and the twins neutral b&c happens .
where neutral neutral positive that positive okay ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck , neutral positive hpositive neutral and they neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral shipbreaker neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral jaehaerys neutral those circumstances neutral neutral neutral positive negative , and negative negative - neutral , neutral neutral aemond when neutral neutral negative than aegon 's neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral " positive positive " ( neutral to f&b ) neutral hnegative kid diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral how neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to aemond , neutral neutral shipbreaker neutral , becaus neutral negative him neutral neutral children neutral neutral they neutral intensifier horrified and neutral the blacks becaus of b&c and aegon 's neutral multistop " neutral , neutral aegon 's neutral neutral negator stabbed anybodi " - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ffs .
hnegative positive negator gonna positive episodes neutral to neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral the greens .
neutral that makes negator positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral episodes for neutral negative neutral the negative for neutral of neutral makes negator positive lmfao
vaghar neutral luc . and neutral you negative neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ffs .
hnegative positive gonna negative to erryk neutral positive gonna positive how neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative to otto neutral neutral and how she has spies positive . intensifier positive hnegative neutral positive gonna neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to him ( neutral and neutral ) to hpositive the hpositive neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral positive and she positive neutral neutral with hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the greens for neutral her neutral positive from she has her neutral servants that neutral her secrets neutral how to neutral neutral the neutral which hnegative neutral knows neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral they neutral the neutral and positive the neutral neutral arryk , neutral neutral kings neutral neutral the neutral with alicent finds them neutral gets knocked neutral . they neutral alicent neutral and you hpositive the neutral lol… that motivates arryk to neutral to drgaonstone becaus neutral feelings hnegative etc
neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral .
positive . positive , what positive neutral in-between ? lol .
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral b&c and neutral 's neutral , and if the rumor/theory of neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral for positive positive , positive what neutral they gonna neutral for the neutral of the neutral if b&c positive to neutral neutral the neutral lmao ? iirc , the neutral neutral things to neutral neutral rr positive duskendale and the cargyll twins neutral , neutral of which could hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative neutral harrenhal positive neutral positive to negative neutral the neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral the dragonseeds for if they neutral b&c neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral to positive for the neutral neutral episodes . b&c happens negative neutral shipbreakers neutral . neutral we positive negative to neutral hnegative negative neutral harrenhal for to episodes ?
hnegative and caraxes neutral neutral slo-mo whilst everyon neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral
…the dragonseeds neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . they neutral negator neutral into the neutral until neutral . neutral , they should negator neutral neutral neutral
when neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral rooks neutral ? neutral neutral they neutral neutral the dragonseed plotline into neutral rooks neutral could neutral neutral and the neutral to could positive neutral the repercussions and positive neutral the dragonseed . negator neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral rooks neutral lmfao , negator positive where you neutral neutral with that
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral should neutral neutral neutral where the hnegative neutral has neutral neutral of hnegative with the neutral " you neutral neutral your neutral "
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive positive my girlfriend into positive blinders and when neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral asked her if neutral looked neutral . she could negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral “ thi neutral positive neutral ! we neutral neutral neutral ! ”
positive neutral hnegative
neutral positive negator you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral subreddit ? how neutral you positive
hpositive the cosplay !
what positive with neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral photos !
neutral neutral neutral ppl positive “ neutral the neutral ” negator “ neutral the neutral ? ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral loved that , matts neutral neutral
haha , negative
that what the neutral neutral him
neutral positive neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral *at* neutral neutral neutral *the weekend*
idk , our neutral existed neutral your , neutral happened " neutral " the neutral , neutral neutral neutral would you positive " neutral " the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral when autographs positive negative for neutral
neutral , diminisher arent that hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc you neutral neutral diminisher negative with them , neutral diminisher neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral negative organisers neutral neutral neutral neutral to monetise everyth
neutral positive intensifier positive negative that if neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral thousands of neutral 's to neutral neutral negative .
that positive what these types of events neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral to neutral negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negative events and neutral neutral would hpositive negative neutral to neutral to negative negative neutral neutral . diminisher would neutral neutral and negative to neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral served , and neutral ; negator those with neutral neutral the neutral and those that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral themselv .
neutral negative , neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral autos and neutral photos with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wants neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative ewan neutral neutral and neutral neutral him neutral neutral and photos and neutral the kindest neutral and positive signed pics neutral , neutral negator neutral !
neutral positive neutral negator the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral organisers neutral that . the neutral positive that neutral has negative allotted neutral to positive neutral , whether neutral neutral for neutral autographs neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of the positive , neutral neutral negator stating that neutral should positive intensifier neutral than neutral upon hpositive intensifier everyon neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral stating that neutral neutral arrived earlier neutral the neutral should neutral negative neutral diminisher than neutral neutral waltzed neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral paid neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral would the neutral organisers positive neutral neutral ? negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral would the neutral organisers positive neutral neutral ? negative would neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for the " neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral sooooo neutral negative " neutral . positive the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral relatives neutral .
thi barbie positive fucked
neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral
when you neutral your parents ‘i diminisher neutral them' neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral : \*punches diminisher neutral neutral the arm\* diminisher neutral : " didn't hnegative " neutral : multistop kaaaaaa maayyyyyy haahh maaayyyy
should've positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the hnegative to neutral the neutral hahaha
* ” fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ” *
“ you neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral your mom ! '
vhagar negator multiexclamation
positive thi meme watermarked
" soves , neutral . soves ! "
neutral thi neutral 's neutral of hotd : barbie starts neutral positive neutral
hahahaa
oops
neutral positive brings neutral intensifier intensifier to the neutral , neutral my hnegative multistop sinc grrm writes " neutral and neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher negator infers what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral if neutral positive negator first-hand neutral neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier when thi hnegative happens , neutral positive negator , " aemond looked neutral neutral positive neutral multistop " which neutral neutral neutral intensifier to the negative neutral terms of neutral neutral ( neutral what neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him ? ) neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier aemond 's neutral to thi hnegative neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive to neutral how neutral twists neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ewan / aemond positive neutral neutral minutes of screentime neutral hnegative negator neutral positive screentime , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the viewers
barbie gets neutral
*roll tide*
lol , thi reminds neutral of neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator gonna neutral .
neutral positive for scenes from the neutral neutral of *dragon neutral z*…
my negative positive that aemond hpositive tells everyon neutral killed neutral neutral neutral ( becaus positive , negator neutral would positive him if neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative , their positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral the hnegative neutral him intensifier and intensifier from b&c neutral .
f&b positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral biased from neutral opinions of the in-world writers ( negator grrm neutral the maesters and informants neutral contributed to neutral the neutral ) . neutral neutral of transports you into westeros neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral westeros . positive positive and ***novel*** neutral of neutral . neutral the neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral elements positive hpositive neutral neutral . hotd neutral neutral neutral neutral negative those neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive ( and hnegative ) neutral of neutral characters from neutral neutral . neutral the changes neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral neutral . viserys neutral neutral the neutral accounts neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher from neutral neutral , neutral cared diminisher for neutral , neutral negative negative / hnegative neutral , and neutral sowed the seeds for the positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pov of neutral from the westeros neutral intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral and that positive intensifier biased neutral hnegative . you neutral negator neutral to intensifier neutral vizzyt 's visions of the neutral , the targ secrets , how neutral neutral and intensifier defended neutral neutral of rhae , how neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive from " hpositive & hpositive " tywin would , how neutral perceived " negative " neutral becaus neutral of the kl positions of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and friends , and how neutral struggled neutral neutral until the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . diminisher hnegative neutral / neutral changes positive neutral to neutral viserys neutral & neutral neutral hotd , neutral grrm liked neutral intensifier neutral neutral mentioned that neutral neutral of wanted to neutral neutral and retcon .
neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral aemond negative him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive should hpositive neutral with neutral .
intensifier neutral my thoughts positive .
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
baerbie
negator negative neutral that when neutral would unironically hpositive neutral neutral ryan
neutral hpositive that aemond positive neutral barbie
we neutral vizzy neutral neutral necrobarbie .
they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of rhae multistop
hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral
*he 's neutral hpositive neutral
rhaenyra intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral barbie neutral
pleeeeaaaase negative sharing the jace neutral hpositive killed neutral zhsjsjanwbs
neutral hpositive thi barbie edits , neutral targaryan , , intensifier aemond with that neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral .
where positive my positive positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , barbie ?
" thi barbie positive her neutral hnegative from her . "
rhaenyra , jace and hnegative would neutral neutral neutral barbies lol
hnegative neutral positive neutral of aemond 's . credits to neutral :
neutral negator positive kaen
of neutral barbaeryan
jacaerbie
and her neutral , skippaer .
neutral of robaerts
omg neutral intensifier would ! should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral ryan positive ?
*daemon neutral negator neutral to negative the neutral . neutral neutral positive that you positive , ladybloodsong . *
emma positive negative !
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral multistop
positive for thi ! neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral acc and neutral neutral info neutral where they neutral from .
and baemond .
\^\^ sounds neutral
and kellae
negator . becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that negative and the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral ryan
staceys
neutral you for your neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral our hnegative rules , to hnegative your neutral fans from neutral neutral spoilers that hnegative hnegative their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral titles positive negator neutral spoilers from hpositive & neutral neutral positive episodes of neutral of the neutral . neutral hotd neutral spoilers neutral allowed neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral reserves the neutral to neutral neutral neutral if we positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive to repost with negative amended neutral . neutral posts neutral with neutral spoilers , neutral spoilers and promo spoilers positive neutral hnegative neutral and flaired neutral the positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative comments positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative threads . - - - - if you neutral neutral thi , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/houseofthedragon ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
moments where neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral ? positive , intensifier . neutral moments for the neutral ? neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral , which diminisher could neutral neutral neutral . from what positive neutral , neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral moments for him .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral moments to positive and diminisher intensifier hpositive dialogues from the neutral .
positive and negator , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral steps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
if you positive the greens the “ hpositive guys ” positive neutral positive neutral you positive positive him redeemed . hnegative from negative neutral pov neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negative to positive positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral of redeeming qualities neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to negative neutral positive neutral throws neutral bastards neutral to the neutral pits .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of positive and diminisher intensifier hpositive dialogues from the neutral
neutral negator positive the neutral negator , neutral neutral heard neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral has neutral hpositive moments , positive . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral . negator neutral negative neutral , neutral starts neutral things positive neutral neutral and has neutral negative of intensifier negative neutral moments .
neutral of the defining qualities of aegon positive that neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral performs neutral hpositive duties neutral the intensifier neutral positive and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the hpositive positive neutral would positive , which appeals to neutral . neutral neutral positive that the neutral with neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral him hpositive . neutral neutral how they neutral neutral of the neutral neutral characters into neutral positive negative neutral rapes neutral neutral sees , neutral positive positive neutral .
negator intensifier . neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral terms of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive the greens , neutral aegon neutral negator intensifier neutral redeeming qualities . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive moments , positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral . ( \*by 'good moments' neutral diminisher neutral that neutral has moments that neutral neutral and neutral tgc with positive neutral to neutral ) the neutral neutral of aegon 's neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive with positive that neutral neutral wanted neutral . neutral neutral neutral what neutral thinks neutral positive to neutral himself and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral when the neutral begins neutral neutral negator intensifier negative hnegative until b&c . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral ensured , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the negative . aegon positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus of circumstances that positive positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral ( viserys and rhaenyra neutral her positive deceiptfully and neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral of neutral , otto and alicent negator neutral neutral to neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that thi makes him neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive for .
thi positive negator positive where d&d neutral to neutral neutral neutral the characters' arcs neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you could hpositive qualities to hpositive neutral . negator spoilers from neutral neutral
neutral we positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral with hnegative neutral the neutral positive neutral characters for neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral has portrayed him neutral neutral neutral negative with diminisher negator neutral traits . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if f@b positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral , couldnt neutral neutral neutral that neutral hyped neutral neutral of aegons feats dure the neutral ? thi hnegative neutral the neutral they neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive negative and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral neutral redeems himself , neutral negator neutral likeable neutral hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , him and rhaenyra neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of " hpositive " neutral lets hpositive positive neutral has diminisher intensifier neutral moments , intensifier hpositive lines of positive , and neutral neutral positive arguably the neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator “ neutral ” , neutral intensifier than aemond , hnegative , larys , neutral hnegative , neutral terms of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral the hpositive to neutral him neutral diminisher diminisher . neutral positive negator neutral jon neutral , positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral lines . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral hnegative and aemond , neutral neutral hpositive of negative neutral neutral otto neutral alicent , hpositive comparing him to the hnegative greens . neutral , aegon positive intensifier positive and hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral shows neutral intensifier of positive positive , and overcomes diminisher of neutral neutral comings that neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral , neutral those neutral negative the greens . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral aemond neutral neutral neutral positive neutral criston when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral they could neutral him neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral positive that neutral aegon for the neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive positive , moves neutral from neutral neutral negator caring neutral him , and has diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral neutral worthwhile neutral . neutral positive negator joffrey neutral starts that neutral , neutral aegon has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the writers neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral rhaenyra positive neutral intensifier negative than neutral rhaenyra , neutral sucks that the positive parts of her neutral preserved and improved neutral the neutral happened to aegon .
neutral they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative him from neutral .
nah , aegon 's diminisher neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , from the neutral the creators neutral they positive neutral thi neutral neutral sexism and neutral . the " hnegative neutral of neutral " guarantees negative misdeeds from the books neutral negative neutral the greens' neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral hnegative than reported ) . the blacks and rhae intensifier positive whitewashed neutral negative neutral aaegon neutral hpositive neutral into neutral negative . the neutral neutral that they neutral that neutral with neutral alicent " intensifier likeable " positive bs , becaus she positive neutral neutral depicted favourably when she champions rhaenyra and her neutral - intensifier , she positive hpositive neutral negative neutral of rhaenyra neutral she positive portrayed neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral to neutral . the hnegative positive that thi makes neutral diminisher positive for neutral fans to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive . which positive hpositive what the creators wanted neutral neutral . everyth revolves neutral rhaenyra . intensifier neutral positive the books . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive depicted neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the pandering hpositive the neutral 's neutral to neutral .
negator spoilers neutral neutral actions neutral neutral cements him neutral neutral of the hpositive aegons ( and my positive characters neutral the neutral asoiaf neutral . ) neutral positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral badass
neutral looks positive the writers would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral gonna hpositive sunfyre everyon positive .
neutral neutral depends what you neutral neutral negative himself neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
negative for what ? neutral neutral negator hnegative
the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with what neutral positive negative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive problems with the actors for positive neutral hotd . the neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive ? fubar . aegon 's neutral negative . they wanted neutral negative and hpositive negative to neutral to neutral sensibilities of hpositive and they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral how they neutral to positive aegon . neutral positive neutral cliched neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative onto the alicent vs rhaenyra neutral they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral into . neutral intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and with the neutral neutral of intensifier implying intensifier neutral neutral with rhaenys , neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon to negative him neutral intensifier neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral your positive negative " neutral multistop
neutral of you to negative they positive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral chances to neutral neutral neutral moments . neutral positive the hnegative the neutral runners and writers neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral , intensifier positive . they neutral him neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral whose neutral positive neutral and negative positive neutral of the neutral puts , intensifier pos neutral rhaenyra positive negator diminisher neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative and hnegative neutral rhaenyra neutral positive neutral excused neutral hnegative and positive for her neutral . aegon positive hnegative neutral diminisher everyon 's eyes intensifier neutral if they neutral , they hnegative neutral chances of neutral sympathized with . neutral positive what neutral positive . meh .
neutral of you to negative that they positive neutral him neutral of neutral negative neutral positive . they positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral lines from neutral the blacks and the greens .
intensifier neutral ? intensifier positive the neutral positive and positive neutral neutral the positive of asoiaf neutral negative the showrunners , aegon negator gonna neutral neutral neutral redeeming positive
aegon neutral neutral to likeable qualities . neutral neutral neutral neutral with sunfyre and the hnegative neutral him negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit
neutral arguably positive intensifier redeeming qualities than neutral of the greens neutral the neutral .
they neutral neutral diminisher scapegoats to neutral neutral the hnegative onto to hpositive their neutral favorites ( alicent , aemond , rhaenyra ) neutral hpositive neutral the eyes of the neutral . aegon and hnegative neutral that neutral for them , neutral neutral neutral hnegative has the negative neutral neutral neutral for him . aegon neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to the neutral where you negator neutral positive him neutral neutral negative positive hnegative . positive hpositive him neutral neutral negative neutral you negative neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral rumors hpositive for him neutral and neutral neutral diminisher redeeming qualities . neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , could they negator hpositive him neutral negative that hides and cries neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral to neutral ? neutral the negative neutral intensifier hpositive and diminisher of neutral positive neutral benefits them neutral neutral rhaenyra 's negative diminisher hpositive .
the neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive things neutral grrm has neutral . the neutral positive negator the “ neutral hpositive ” positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . and that positive okay , we neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of f&b becaus that would neutral positive . they neutral neutral changes they positive neutral negative for the neutral of tv and neutral feelings neutral characters .
copium
> the creators neutral they positive neutral thi neutral neutral sexism and neutral sooooo neutral of the neutral grrm neutral neutral sexism and the neutral neutral westeros neutral f&b neutral negator intensifier ?
they neutral elements that positive existed for the blacks and neutral diminisher edges neutral neutral negator neutral they whitewashed them . neutral they hpositive created neutral positive characters for alicent and aemond .
hpositive to negative neutral neutral characters from neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier that rhaenyra neutral positive neutral
neutral 's neutral has neutral positive negative neutral neutral for rhaenys . she positive neutral teamed neutral neutral managed to positive hnegative aegon and sunfyre . neutral positive hnegative neutral for aegon neutral the neutral . hnegative dion neutral rhaenys with aemond and vhagar , sunfyre neutral mutilated and could diminisher neutral neutral aegon 's neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . how neutral the neutral neutral neutral of shit ? could neutral neutral neutral children ? neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher years with their injuries . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for him ? neutral ?
i'mma hnegative the hbo studios if they neutral neutral " mayhaps if they neutral the neutral hells " neutral .
those positive hpositive neutral aemond neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive hnegative ) . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral how positive those characters neutral viewed neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral yeah… neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . the writers hpositive positive hnegative characters and they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral the greens they positive neutral whitewashed , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral complaining neutral .
