neutral intensifier neutral states neutral chooses haerin from becaus of the neutral
you guys neutral neutral neutral . neutral haerin positive neutral mentioned neutral neutral of the positive neutral says neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and haerin and negator to hnegative . the neutral jokes what positive neutral to hnegative to which bambam says neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral him .
neutral could hpositive neutral neutral screenshot of what neutral neutral and neutral fans would neutral neutral the neutral neutral tagging the neutral to neutral them . positive multistop that positive negator how neutral neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive becaus you neutral neutral diminisher positive tweets neutral negator neutral that positive what the neutral of them positive neutral that neutral positive negator ones that positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral that neutral neutral has neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral the trolls neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral predator/pedo neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive idols neutral negative neutral neutral neutral threats . positive you neutral positive how they neutral neutral for neutral neutral etc neutral neutral threats neutral neutral neutral negative
lmao . if neutral neutral cared neutral adults neutral hnegative to minors neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral adults neutral called neutral neutral neutral diminisher children neutral neutral .
they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , they neutral positive they neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative with what bambam neutral , and they replied neutral to neutral neutral neutral they positive reporting the neutral neutral of messages neutral bambam neutral kpopthoughts to neutral ( for hnegative ) and to reddit .
having neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral and of itself positive negator " positive positive " , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive . sinc we neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive expected that neutral neutral neutral thoughts , neutral neutral neutral , neutral thoughts , that they positive negator neutral upon . to neutral the positive hnegative neutral thi positive that neutral stating her neutral neutral neutral , neutral encourages thi neutral of neutral , intensifier becaus neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral to diminisher neutral how neutral should neutral .

neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral ? and neutral negator neutral speaks neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of her .
the neutral positive months neutral neutral and if neutral neutral negator positive anyth hnegative , positive neutral should negator neutral to positive anyth . and would neutral to positive neutral intensifier hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive negator positive him neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive for him to hnegative hpositive the neutral hnegative if neutral knows these commenters neutral hnegative neutral . the negative allegations neutral the neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral with .
becaus neutral neutral neutral p*do , neutral , r*pist positive hnegative
>the hpositive positive damaging the hpositive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative lies neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral 's hpositive and neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral .
and neutral thi has negator neutral neutral foreigners neutral neutral neutral online neutral .
for neutral , if neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral to , neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral would hnegative and positive my neutral . neutral neutral that positive the neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral what positive gained neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral of neutral neutral positive okay that we neutral hpositive neutral that neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi neutral that neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral that they neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral negator the neutral neutral - you neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral for hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative crimes . the neutral itself hpositive rubs neutral the hnegative neutral becaus of hpositive - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and the hpositive of neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral makes neutral intensifier of fans neutral to neutral themselv neutral neutral harassed . and fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them to neutral neutral when they neutral harassed . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative ahgase , neutral positive that bambam positive neutral neutral positive has neutral how neutral spaces neutral and has positive neutral them , neutral neutral neutral , etc . and neutral would positive to neutral neutral how thi would neutral neutral ? if negator neutral positive negative hnegative . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral and neutral hnegative positive intensifier negative than for bambam . neutral neutral neutral doxxed .
neutral negator neutral them neutral you positive thi , you positive neutral their neutral neutral .
positive for letting neutral hpositive . which nayeon intensifier neutral neutral neutral ?
lol neutral negative onces to neutral negative . neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral negative from the neutral . thi neutral positive positive him having neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral for neutral diminisher trolls positive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral positive negative . and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral sites neutral neutral articles neutral him " addressing neutral rumors with nayeon . " and neutral fans neutral neutral hnegative shit neutral her and neutral negative she hnegative neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral anyth .
neutral wanted to neutral to you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral what you negative to negator negative what neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ravi 's lyrics positive neutral intensifier hnegative than thi neutral . negator neutral hpositive imo

they negator neutral you unless you neutral neutral korea , positive .
having followed neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for himself , intensifier neutral . although , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral to positive neutral him of crimes and comparing him to criminals . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral what positive positive and what positive negator neutral neutral issues positive thi . and neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . those tweets neutral likes neutral the thousands . intensifier what ? the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral & hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive positive accusations positive that ?
neutral positive bc neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of what positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral korea and neutral . thi neutral has positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral has positive negator neutral from koreans neutral neutral comments . neutral bc they positive positive what neutral neutral neutral .
positive if neutral neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral these comments and negator negative neutral everyon defending him neutral would neutral neutral him neutral hnegative . neutral positive okay to neutral your faves neutral for things , you neutral negator neutral to negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them
neutral neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral could've neutral neutral *much* hpositive neutral neutral neutral how hnegative the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral and that positive what neutral positive from the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive dictates that the positive neutral would've positive “ she 's negative negative , neutral 's neutral her from the neutral ” . neutral neutral if neutral showed neutral neutral neutral neutral niki and jayb , mt neutral neutral would neutral “ neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral kid ! ” , negator hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral him neutral r@pist and neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral she positive negative and positive neutral hnegative neutral “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral her neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive and negative that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral pov neutral the neutral when neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator with the “ neutral ” neutral . neutral should've neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral nayeon , picking the neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral of those negator negative how you neutral to neutral neutral . & neutral neutral for neutral neutral the positive of thi positive positive negative neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral negator neutral thi negative , neutral neutral " neutral 's negative " neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would neutral attracted to ? neutral neutral intensifier the neutral and neutral neutral definitions the negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral , if neutral wanted to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coulda hpositive neutral shes negative negative neutral her neutral hpositive neutral negator negative " neutral neutral " neutral . becaus what neutral neutral picking my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive negator heard neutral neutral played neutral that neutral , if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral you hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral sounds positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative positive , whether positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral if we neutral the neutral that neutral neutral gonna hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral interpreted and if neutral wanted to intensifier positive neutral neutral would've neutral addressed neutral if neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral misinterpreted and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for thi , neutral neutral should've positive neutral words neutral lmao .
neutral negator called him neutral neutral , neutral the neutral / / neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral her ( positive what multiquestion ) neutral neutral acknowledging how negative she positive , intensifier neutral diminisher invalidates the neutral neutral . neutral if neutral *didn't* neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( which neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive things neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral has to neutral held neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral knows neutral hpositive how minors neutral sexualized neutral the kpop neutral , and allowing thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . haerin positive the neutral neutral deserves to neutral protected and defended .
the hnegative neutral neutral nayeon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral him picking neutral positive negative positive ? she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral positive hnegative for picking haerin , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral asked neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . and positive the neutral neutral convo neutral neutral that
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral says she positive negative negative for him neutral intensifier .
positive multiexclamation intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that and she positive positive receiving neutral intensifier replies than likes neutral your neutral neutral neutral fans tagging the neutral , neutral her selfies and neutral to hpositive her neutral neutral to neutral neutral with her pics , and called neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral neutral the neutral for him . the hnegative neutral neutral receiving for positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than what positive neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier hpositive neutral that we should neutral having . neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral , for him to neutral criticized for neutral comments hnegative to positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral to hnegative conclusions positive negative .
>i'm negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive issues becaus neutral minimizes the intensifier neutral adults neutral hnegative comments neutral children and neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive *the intensifier thing* . positive , neutral neutral you neutral srsly downplaying the neutral neutral caring intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of whom neutral children btw , when you could neutral that neutral into caring intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hnegative remarks neutral children .


neutral neutral positive someth hnegative though… multistop & if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral ( hnegative that neutral what neutral neutral ) positive neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral if negator hnegative . & positive , positive neutral neutral negator diminisher fans positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral to stan with neutral positive positive . neutral would've retained diminisher of neutral fans , neutral “ we're neutral neutral ” neutral the neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral positive negator *completely* neutral of neutral neutral . the neutral of the neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral women to neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative of how neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral that she neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral - and that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative she positive hnegative and how neutral could neutral neutral . thi neutral intensifier deserves hnegative . the neutral we should neutral defending and hnegative positive the underaged neutral hpositive neutral into thi negative , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and thi so-called neutral changes negator neutral neutral . neutral 's concerns neutral intensifier justified , and positive that positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral 's hpositive positive negator okay . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral positive .
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral himself into neutral neutral neutral of positive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral accusing him of violating hnegative girls ; neutral would *hope* neutral neutral neutral someth neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral 'fans heart' neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral . earlier neutral neutral neutral neutral viewed her neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral from commenters neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral idols neutral scared to neutral with neutral idols . neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral jumped to the hnegative neutral neutral and ignored the neutral clarifications bambam positive neutral the neutral to positive what neutral neutral from neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral exo hating neutral for having neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral hpositive kpop fans witchhunting .
neutral neutral neutral thi from the neutral of neutral neutral . bambam neutral negative hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral videos etc . neutral “ neutral 's neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral positive negative ” neutral positive your neutral to neutral neutral neutral to that . you negator hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive “ your neutral positive the neutral seungri . ” and what positive neutral neutral to positive ? “ i'm hnegative my words positive misconstrued becaus neutral negator neutral neutral anyth positive positive neutral negative toward neutral teenager ” positive negator neutral to neutral anyon 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative .
negator hnegative neutral kpoppers hpositive to neutral their fave lmao . neutral neutral neutral rapists and criminals ( negator neutral neutral comparing bb to them ) that neutral neutral stans intensifier negator intensifier surprises neutral
neutral positive hnegative neutral negative when neutral neutral to kpop fans online . neutral neutral what you neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral ! fans neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negative positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . and doxxing positive of neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi from neutral positive neutral positive neutral *are* neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral negative positive intensifier thi positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral you ( obvs negator you positive ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral tiktoks and shit with “ neutral ” neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral jefferi epstein ; neutral of that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral you that positive thoughts positive minors positive negator neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral thoughts . bambams positive neutral icky . negator neutral .
neutral nayeon , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral ) neutral they neutral her neutral & neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral you neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral where she positive from neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral positive to neutral her ?
neutral positive diminisher negative how neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive positive , “ neutral neutral neutral bro ! ” neutral “ neutral 's hpositive positive neutral fr ” neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive trolls with diminisher neutral likes neutral positive ratio-ed hnegative . neutral #savenayeon neutral neutral neutral neutral her intensifier neutral negative .

neutral negator neutral they negator neutral neutral action…i positive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral threats to neutral . they neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral , they could neutral neutral to neutral anyon neutral anyth . neutral korea negative neutral negative positive neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral brings negative neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral gonna neutral ? neutral negator hnegative laws hpositive neutral the neutral ? hnegative , you neutral neutral negative comments neutral korea , neutral neutral neutral neutral that if neutral neutral neutral from the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral makes you positive positive you neutral to neutral . and intensifier neutral that neutral negator negative intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive they neutral to neutral . which means negator neutral neutral . we neutral neutral someth negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them . unless neutral positive intensifier negative where they hpositive to neutral cancelled . neutral bambam 's neutral positive intensifier neutral . positive what neutral the neutral neutral neutral lol
bambam has positive my neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi . neutral positive negative
neutral neutral intensifier positive “ i'm neutral their neutral neutral negator hnegative ” intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral negative of ‘if'
positive . neutral neutral neutral backflips neutral to positive him of neutral hnegative
“ doesn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would neutral attracted to ? ” if neutral neutral positive sana neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral from i-fans
and ofc neutral negative fangirls neutral downvoting you would y'all neutral your diminisher neutral neutral daughters negative hpositive to neutral your favourite neutral neutral ? if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your sisters / positive / you , you neutral you would neutral thi neutral of neutral negative ? you neutral negator hpositive him , neutral neutral negator hpositive you , you neutral negator neutral paid to neutral him . neutral worshipping neutral neutral should neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral of them . neutral positive neutral weirdo for neutral .
neutral she positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and negator answering would neutral positive the positive negative tbh
neutral negator neutral him picking neutral neutral negative positive , neutral hpositive negative intensifier info .
“ im into them ” “ negator neutral hnegative neutral him neutral neutral for idols to positive neutral ” “ seems positive neutral positive girls with neutral neutral ” positive thi intensifier negator neutral him neutral negative attracted to them neutral alllll
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of threats neutral neutral neutral extradited negative neutral you hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral and requesting neutral kpop stan neutral neutral to korea for diminisher tweets ? neutral positive neutral hnegative that the neutral positive riling neutral neutral fans intensifier neutral that they neutral hpositive harassing neutral . neutral they neutral they neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral intensifier ( hnegative neutral , they negator ! )
>but neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral ? neutral should neutral neutral neutral hnegative *about* neutral neutral . thi feelings neutral diminisher hpositive . >he 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral him neutral neutral , neutral the comments neutral neutral neutral positive . >i neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier hpositive neutral that we should neutral having . when neutral neutral to hnegative comments neutral minors , neutral neutral cases neutral positive neutral negative and neutral positive and adding " negative " neutral these conversations neutral hpositive means neutral to neutral the neutral neutral downplay the neutral 's actions neutral neutral negator *that* hnegative . what negative neutral you neutral positive neutral ?

and that positive positive for you to positive that neutral . neutral clarified neutral negative of hpositive dure the neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral of things , thi neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of neutral internet circles . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative allegations against your neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral from the neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral .
“ neutral positive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral neutral threats to neutral . “ you neutral negator positive that neutral neutral . “ neutral of releasing negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral of how thi could've positive misinterpreted they neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . ” you neutral neutral “ negative neutral would've neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than thi ” which makes neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive you neutral clarifying what you positive neutral . “ they neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral ” hnegative posts & hnegative neutral . neutral him those things deffo falls neutral those categories .
negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc hnegative laws neutral hnegative neutral and the neutral negative positive protects the neutral criticizing him , positive neutral if they neutral him of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral . and positive neutral should've neutral neutral issued negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral *some* neutral of acknowledgment neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral makes everyth neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
>we neutral neutral someth negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral them . unless neutral positive intensifier negative where they hpositive to neutral cancelled . neutral if you neutral wanna neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral seperate the neutral from the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to negative the hnegative of hpositive their neutral .
you negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral wallen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral the n-word neutral became neutral positive neutral neutral the negative . canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive positive negator intensifier .
neutral neutral says neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral co neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the lsu neutral ( neutral ) negative neutral with the positive “ she 's intensifier negative ” , neutral positive and she positive my neutral neutral neutral “ bro she positive neutral kid , that positive hnegative ” . neutral if neutral positive that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral negative when neutral neutral hnegative minors from neutral negative conversations . neutral would negator hnegative anyon to neutral neutral neutral neutral kid into negative neutral neutral ( neutral to types whether neutral neutral negator ) and negator would neutral neutral neutral my neutral . what neutral neutral neutral should've neutral positive issued neutral neutral and apologized . neutral neutral neutral to positive him positive and those neutral positive neutral to negative him / negator neutral for him positive ; neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral positive comparing him to seungri / neutral neutral , that positive neutral negative neutral and neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral deserves neutral called neutral r@pist neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral words and hpositive neutral that what neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
thi positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral r/kpop positive hpositive than to downvote you and the neutral you positive replying to . neutral seems kpop neutral has neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral negative .
if neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive picking my positive neutral neutral neutral kid neutral that positive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negator defending him , neutral neutral neutral to positive hnegative info . bambam neutral asked neutral neutral neutral 입덕s neutral became neutral neutral of which they translated neutral " into . " im negator hpositive with with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negative for hpositive haerin neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral that neutral and neutral intensifier negative for answering ( positive neutral of the positive which neutral neutral negator advocating ) . hpositive hnegative neutral im nitpicking
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral multistop neutral neutral she positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral hnegative comments neutral her neutral toward her multistop the hnegative positive putting neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator negative and neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral someth multistop neutral the neutral of what positive and what positive negator positive positive someth neutral negative neutral .

neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral accusing him of hpositive negative hnegative to hnegative girls , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator “ negative ” neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator talked neutral her neutral neutral .
ohh positive
neutral . neutral . negator neutral should neutral defending bambam neutral . neutral neutral negative my “ negative ” neutral positive positive neutral neutral . lmao . neutral deserves everyth hnegative to neutral to him
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral “ negator neutral neutral ” .
thi positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral *hope neutral these conversations neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral should neutral negator neutral for them . neutral knows how the kpop neutral sexualizes and objectifies minors ( *especially* women ) and positive how neutral neutral positive to intensifier neutral hnegative neutral idols you positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative positive neutral negative , negator neutral to hpositive neutral fans , neutral becaus haerin herself deserves neutral .
>he neutral she positive negative neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral hnegative comments neutral her neutral toward her that neutral named neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . " neutral could neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral " positive negator neutral thi neutral nuanced neutral , neutral positive hpositive derailling . neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral you hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cat-called neutral , and their neutral neutral " neutral cat-called you , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral raped you neutral anyth " neutral positive intensifier hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi when neutral neutral to celebrities they positive . >it 's negator neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral someth neutral neutral >.even the neutral of what positive and what positive negator positive positive someth neutral negative neutral . for neutral adults neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive negator positive .
omg neutral . and seungri
haerin deserves negative hnegative from her parents , from neutral neutral negative , and from hybe for exposing her to the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral . things positive thi neutral what neutral when you neutral childs . they positive asked for thi to neutral .
if neutral positive neutral anyth positive neutral to what you neutral neutral neutral would neutral with you neutral neutral neutral negator . and neutral neutral negator “ asking ” if neutral would neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative girls and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that hnegative to positive .
the kpop neutral neutral my hnegative should negator neutral neutral minors to neutral positive the negative neutral of neutral and positive positive from the neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral , and the hnegative workload . neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator positive how positive that positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her parents would've positive intensifier positive of her , neutral neutral negative would negator neutral positive negative negative weirdo neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to minors neutral their neutral , and neutral would negator neutral minors neutral positive situations
neutral negative , nicole positive positive positive ! diminisher neutral of hpositive promos and positive preparing for neutral jp negative . that positive neutral ! negator neutral to neutral to neutral ! intensifier hpositive and hpositive neutral the photos !
has she debuted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator heard of that .
neutral we hpositive when neutral releases ?
nicole positive intensifier positive ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations she gets diminisher negative ! hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive and she killed her lives ! neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everyon positive neutral neutral her !
her jp neutral neutral neutral neutral and her neutral jp neutral 'bliss' neutral
neutral
hpositive positive neutral
for neutral neutral , she looked positive momo to neutral lol
neutral they negative for neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . intensifier negative and hpositive . neutral positive neutral when the girls neutral neutral their neutral positive . hpositive if and how neutral has to neutral with the neutral neutral .
hpositive thi
neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive momo neutral neutral the positive
e-chan positive neutral neutral neutral " hpositive eyes " - having neutral him neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral that thousand-yard neutral .
positive intensifier surprised to neutral yoon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral judging from the neutral , looks positive they positive neutral filmed thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral gets neutral to him neutral neutral . anw , neutral to neutral jonghyeong 's neutral neutral for thi . neutral neutral missed neutral him positive thi . mingyu neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral of puns positive negative and intensifier of hpositive @ giseok 's nepo neutral neutral .
neutral wooow . negative positive neutral the neutral ?
- from >among the neutral names suggested neutral fans , neutral neutral of neutral names positive neutral - neutral triples members and neutral jaden jeong ( neutral : neutral might've negative neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ) . hpositive neutral the neutral of triples neutral yourself !
nameb wins
looks positive neutral positive hpositive whichev gets the neutral votes diminisher than the neutral neutral diminisher ppl positive neutral would neutral
hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive they neutral neutral positive vibes of thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive
neutral anyon reports thi for negator neutral kpop , lol , thi neutral positive baekho from neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral car-mechanic neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier baekho has neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral cars ! thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral , neutral positive positive positive neutral thi neutral neutral , haha
neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral has neutral titles .
niki positive neutral the neutral neutral earrings jimin positive positive neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral positive negative neutral neutral multistop hpositive !
ohhh for diminisher neutral neutral neutral feelings intensifier positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher djsdhsjdhsdjs
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi positive ! neutral of their songs has positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral my spotify+recced playlists and neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral their neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral .
negative positive lets gooo ( neutral neutral lowkey hoping thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral )
the boys neutral neutral neutral neutral
hype hype hype
neutral they neutral themselv for the neutral of the photocard ? they positive neutral intensifier of drawings for neutral neutral negative negative multistop woollim likes to neutral them to neutral neutral multistop lmao .
