
they should neutral neutral itzy neutral tbh . neutral with members skins .
that neutral positive multistop someth .
neutral neutral hpositive positive , kpop fans negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral , hpositive neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral positive diminisher than neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive how negative neutral neutral for positive albums intensifier of hpositive ‍
that positive negator neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral to youtube .
neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive mv , positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive of bp .
and neutral negative , ( i'm neutral negative neutral btw ) everglow , neutral neutral has neutral neutral views neutral neutral neutral neutral released . hnegative how neutral bp neutral neutral neutral . hpositive letting you guys hpositive thi positive neutral my neutral and negator to neutral anyon down.i neutral hpositive that neutral positive hnegative to hpositive groups and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral groups positive .
thi positive positive intensifier neutral compared to neutral hnegative releases thi year— youtube 's neutral has positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative to positive hpositive numbers
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral kpop mv to positive views neutral hours positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral of youtube changed the neutral policies and started deleting neutral intensifier of views .
the neutral positive neutral than the hnegative neutral . neutral positive what you negative to positive neutral neutral negator . you negator neutral your neutral that hnegative of the neutral from the negative k-pop fans . the negative neutral of neutral would negator positive anyth negative into what you neutral .
thi . they neutral neutral views diminisher neutral . neutral spotify positive neutral neutral alot of neutral for neutral
the neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive . what neutral you .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral to neutral their positive negator having to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative becaus of the neutral of thi fanbase that they would neutral neutral from .
thi negative neutral positive
neutral to hpositive dropped !

if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral into neutral intensifier fledged k-drama neutral positive neutral missed hpositive atp
neutral intensifier neutral , neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral riching for neutral seconds hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
what positive neutral neutral multiquestion
" neutral , we neutral negator . neutral for hundreds of notebooks with neutral negative spotify scrawled neutral neutral them "
woah multistop neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral , sm and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to the aespa cb neutral .
and the neutral continues… .
the neutral that keeps neutral neutral
neutral negator positive that neutral neutral hpositive the names of neutral neutral firms and neutral updated neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral ! what neutral kpop neutral to neutral ? ! smh . neutral , neutral neutral neutral imagining neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral ? lol
and intensifier the neutral neutral
goodluck to the neutral . neutral positive they positive hpositive anyth . with kakao 's neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral they positive hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral continues . thi neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral .
you neutral thi positive negator neutral multiquestion
kakao positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral negative neutral someth positive they neutral positive the neutral hpositive .
what the negative multiquestion
yikes
neutral that neutral gwangya hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
kakao vs sm iii : the hybe-ening
neutral neutral neutral neutral : ain't negator neutral positive corpo neutral
neutral , hpositive positive neutral suspicions of neutral positive , thi positive neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral intensifier sinc the neutral neutral negative than what their neutral neutral neutral and they neutral the neutral neutral negative overpriced neutral . unless they positive the negative shareholders they positive acquiring from which positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral unless they neutral neutral neutral neutral of hiding their tracks . neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , mergers and acquisitions neutral neutral kpop neutral . neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi we neutral neutral neutral neutral netflix lol
neutral neutral boogaloo
neutral neutral neutral and neutral events neutral the positive neutral of neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive dropped . neutral negator neutral what positive intensifier neutral neutral with sm
neutral ? ! ? neutral neutral 's neutral if thi neutral into anyth hnegative than neutral negative and neutral neutral positive for neutral hnegative
neutral for kakao 's hnegative ( neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral
positive multiexclamation the neutral continues multiexclamation ( i'm positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the artists neutral sm and neutral subsidiaries )
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral for the k-drama neutral of thi . jisoo neutral neutral karina !
hnegative . neutral hpositive keeps neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi into neutral neutral pls
ah we neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral
when neutral positive neutral thi sm neutral neutral neutral neutral nope , neutral positive neutral positive plotwist that seems neutral of neutral makjang neutral
" positive neutral , positive neutral , positive neutral "
neutral neutral to positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sm scandals neutral the neutral
sm neutral neutral !
whatf
what neutral neutral we neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral her !
if the neutral negative neutral with neutral joongki neutral neutral hnegative the negative of samsung , we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative sm ( neutral kakao neutral hybe neutral etc ) lol .
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sm 's neutral neutral of neutral against neutral raids neutral hnegative aespa neutral defeated neutral .
thi positive negator the neutral into sm neutral neutral asking for . lsm positive that neutral - toward neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative - . if they neutral hnegative neutral positive positive consequences positive neutral served intensifier neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral and the megacorps neutral their " neutral of neutral neutral " fines . neutral neutral neutral sk positive positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of companies neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral raided neutral my governments authorities .
oy vey
kakao neutral they positive negative neutral neutral opened neutral the tmc neutral " intensifier neutral positive " including tv , newspapers , and blog outlets . negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral monitoring neutral against the negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative violating the neutral negative neutral neutral dure daum neutral you intensifier negator neutral thi neutral neutral how neutral hnegative things neutral negative neutral
bro neutral positive intensifier hnegative for sm artists , thi has positive negative neutral negative neutral hnegative the positive they neutral positive neutral with .
lol ! things hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive .
lmao
neutral shit ! thi positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive the neutral positive neutral
diminisher neutral , neutral they negator allowed to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ?
neutral we positive intensifier neutral to that neutral delayed aespa negative positive neutral thi neutral has positive positive , neutral neutral neutral of negative to neutral how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bruh , when neutral thi negative neutral
neutral thi kdrama neutral hpositive
positive neutral neutral hnegative sources ? neutral neutral positive the neutral of hybe complaints of weeks neutral when they failed the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
woah . hpositive positive neutral kdrama . hybe neutral hnegative to neutral neutral .
hybe positive neutral for sm 's neutral to neutral neutral they neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral and for neutral
lmao wtf neutral to kakaom and sm neutral ? they neutral negative . hybe neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive .
neutral these positive companies neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral themselv until neutral that positive neutral positive jy papi .
intensifier lsm has the connections / neutral thi neutral positive negative hnegative .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hoping for neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral diminisher of their episodes neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral surprised if years from neutral neutral would neutral thi neutral negative positive for their kdrama
hnegative sm 's neutral positive neutral actors / actresses neutral thi kdrama .
poors neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative negative .
positive neutral of everyon 's neutral positive k-drama hpositive dropped !
the girls neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative
>oh neutral , sm and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral positive . aespa hpositive cb neutral neutral !
>just neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to the aespa cb neutral . neutral negator if that happens , neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral notes and we neutral weefuckingwooing sm
ah neutral ! you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral boys !
neutral neutral positive into kpop for neutral neutral , and neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral her to diminisher groups . neutral neutral neutral warned her from the neutral the neutral of kpop positive neutral of neutral , neutral , neutral multiexclamation she neutral negator positive neutral until , positive you she neutral into the kpop neutral and she neutral to neutral neutral " neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral negative neutral you neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher positive negative neutral neutral ! " . hpositive neutral
neutral positive positive anyth positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral diminisher fines neutral neutral , if that . " negative " makes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the authorities positive positive neutral announced that they would positive negative neutral multistop and they neutral to neutral . neutral negator neutral they neutral positive neutral to hpositive anyth , and neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
and neutral hnegative hitting negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to lsm . neutral neutral neutral !
when hybe filed neutral hnegative , the neutral fss neutral neutral positive negator allowed to hnegative positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral the " neutral markets neutral " hpositive .
hybe positive the neutral neutral asked for kakao to neutral investigated .
neutral guesses neutral positive neutral the positive ? we should hpositive thi to our neutral kpop predictions
*least* positive ? neutral neutral lovin' neutral
… , neutral . jeoldaejeok rureul jikyeo .
with sm aespa hnegative neutral cb neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral from that positive enron neutral where they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral what happens . neutral neutral negative , kakao neutral neutral diminisher neutral , they neutral neutral .
neutral negative that depends neutral what positive " hnegative positive " means . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral dure neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral existing shareholders neutral to them neutral via the neutral neutral ? neutral you hpositive neutral banned from buying neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? that neutral negator neutral positive neutral makes neutral positive .
neutral neutral lsm
negative neutral neutral has neutral members with neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral wendi neutral korea snl positive .
neutral unnie neutral herself
neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral seung neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive playing lsm neutral has neutral hnegative neutral jyp . hpositive him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral that to our positive mork
negative neutral neutral multistop negative neutral . ain't negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral .
mork
neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral mid-series neutral where neutral sooman and chri neutral hpositive starts neutral catfight neutral sm hq and negative neutral 's positive neutral neutral the neutral positive ‍️‍️‍️‍️‍️ and positive the neutral zooms to wendi 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mork multiexclamation ️
neutral neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral . and neutral diminisher neutral tears of hpositive , neutral neutral thi neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations hnegative songs they released neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral noticed . intensifier hpositive , lovin neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
leggoooo . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral thi positive to hpositive neutral
thi positive hpositive neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral spotify listeners neutral ! and neutral hpositive keeps neutral .
negative kpop gg neutral neutral neutral the u.k. neutral blackpink
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral positive negative neutral how neutral aran 's neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral . sounds diminisher positive neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral and negative negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral her neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral nugudom to neutral themselv neutral intensifier neutral for their neutral negative . neutral neutral intensifier proud of these girls .
the neutral thi neutral hpositive keeps neutral neutral neutral positive and positive neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral hunnies sinc their predebut neutral , lets gooooo
omg thi positive intensifier negative multiexclamation if neutral gets into the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral radios positive
thi neutral 's positive neutral hnegative positive neutral my neutral and neutral hpositive that
yay ! neutral to neutral neutral neutral and the negative
negative negative negative
negative multiexclamation neutral 's neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
if you neutral negator heard of neutral neutral positive , you neutral to neutral to *cupid* and *lovin' me*

hpositive listened to thi neutral for the neutral neutral . intensifier enjoyed neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral doja neutral neutral , neutral ? neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral noticed that . the neutral , the adlibs , and intensifier the hnegative positive . neutral , neutral positive neutral and positive positive negative , hpositive neutral negative neutral .
positive
manifesting that thi neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to their neutral releases these girls hpositive neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral uk neutral my neutral positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral
neutral anyon positive how these charts neutral ? positive what positive the ranking neutral hnegative ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned that thi positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive thi for the neutral neutral ? neutral ( neutral ) neutral ? neutral negative for neutral ?
hpositive neutral negator negative neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive multiquestion neutral heard neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive tastes neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to positive how neutral positive neutral
lets negative multiexclamation neutral intensifier loved the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral for thi neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive . they hpositive intensifier
their songs neutral intensifier hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral the negative they hpositive .
yepp . thi positive hnegative ! intensifier negative .
soooo hpositive for them !
her neutral positive honeyyy . intensifier neutral . and neutral hpositive how their neutral neutral compliments her negative intensifier neutral negative . neutral neutral negative to neutral where they neutral next'
her neutral positive intensifier neutral . she positive intensifier negative negative , which surprised neutral . neutral neutral she hpositive has negative neutral neutral negative if that makes positive . neutral negator neutral to neutral how her skills neutral neutral she and neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral releases .
the neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive , “ thi positive kpop ? ! ? ! neutral multistop neutral negative negative kpop neutral neutral multiquestion ” bec her neutral ( and the neutral lyrics & positive ) neutral negative and intensifier positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral negative negative positive aran 's neutral kpop ( for neutral neutral voices positive moonbyul 's and yuqi 's and that indie negative negative positive neutral 's and minni 's neutral hpositive ) and neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral they intensifier leaned into neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations companies neutral neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral positive pitched songs ( which neutral neutral to neutral vocals ) neutral neutral groups anymore .
and she positive negator neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral to their neutral )
neutral intensifier reminds neutral intensifier neutral of yerin baek with how positive neutral positive
the neutral of r&b and synth-pop neutral doja songs positive positive intensifier and neutral neutral intensifier has positive neutral the k-pop neutral . apink chobom 's negative positive negative neutral that neutral to positive
and negator the neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the hnegative , neutral
uk charts neutral intensifier streams and sales
neutral city-pop esque neutral positive neutral doja neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral lyrics that neutral positive , stylized neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative positive vocals from neutral the neutral singers . *extremely relat lyrics* ( neutral those neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral how neutral they neutral that they neutral neutral neutral ) + anti-romantic sad-girl-hour neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive for tiktok ( positive + editing tiktok positive neutral of the largest branches of the tiktok neutral ) . tiktok neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive non-kpop stan neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral positive intensifier neutral ) . intensifier they hpositive positive the neutral for positive from the neutral
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive tiktok positive neutral someth for neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the positive has negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive recognized neutral the neutral states , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral has subsidiaries neutral thailand and neutral , neutral neutral to having hpositive connections . of neutral neutral neutral depends neutral whether the shareholders negative to neutral neutral with neutral everyon changes their minds .

negative , congrats ! that positive neutral for him ! neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive positive !
>løren positive neutral the negative neutral neutral , neutral positive to ️
the neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
intensifier neutral weddings neutral of positive . hpositive them the positive .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive for him . neutral positive positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for seunggi neutral , neutral positive positive becaus neutral positive struggled with diminisher hnegative . intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative negative negative neutral .
thi positive intensifier diminisher hpositive neutral . hnegative my positive neutral my girlfriend positive neutral gumiho ost neutral neutral of my neutral kdramas and neutral neutral liked how neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral . hpositive the positive for the negative .
thi positive neutral fluffier and neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral of the from hpositive neutral the neutral hpositive eunwoo attending .
my positive wishes to them neutral their hpositive neutral ️
neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral seungri . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral
congratulations multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral hee neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral negator fucked him neutral if her negative positive anyth positive her parents , she positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of problems and positive . neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral the neutral neutral neutral caring for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral my congratulations .
congratulations neutral weds !
neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral iu and her bf , sooyoung ( snsd ) and her bf , neutral neutral positive sunmi / chungha neutral negative neutral of negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . when neutral positive commented , neutral seemed positive neutral intensifier of neutral downvoted becaus of that
- " what 's your positive neutral of our ? " - " the neutral positive neutral , ya , ya , neutral positive positive playing hnegative neutral . "
corden has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral intensifier dickbag neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier hpositive promo and the carpool karaokes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
corden 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for carpool neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral
neutral neutral hpositive carpool neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral for them . neutral hpositive if they positive neutral neutral non-bp songs , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral what hnegative artists the guests positive . neutral positive negative positive neutral sinc neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive stream-of-consciousness neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
omg multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral corden , neutral the carpool karaokes neutral positive positive !
neutral positive carpool karaokes intensifier im negative
neutral ! gonna neutral diminisher positive records . neutral positive neutral shocked neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral knows how intensifier positive they neutral hehe . hpositive if neutral stans ? !
neutral negative to neutral neutral .
intensifier negative for thi !
nooo neutral neutral
neutral the corden neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative . positive we neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral and neutral positive hpositive hpositive that neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of k-pop for diminisher neutral neutral . and neutral the hnegative neutral positive positive " neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral mainstream neutral " multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral cl dure her neutral neutral neutral the positive shows positive neutral bts ( which positive neutral neutral neutral negative ) . neutral positive , negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive him diminisher k-pop and neutral negative neutral diminisher legit negative neutral neutral positive neutral kimmel seemed positive they positive negator positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral them / / mocking the fans ( neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral ) neutral , carpool neutral neutral neutral hpositive , positive what you positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral we neutral neutral clarkson neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral negative neutral multistop intensifier we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him .
neutral diminisher neutral with thi neutral of positive of positive the neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's intensifier neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral if neutral liked neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral negator the neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier scumbag neutral they neutral neutral intensifier of positive to neutral
neutral positive neutral negative entitled neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral corden positive negator neutral neutral of kpop neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral into positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive them for neutral and views ( which neutral positive negative positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with bts )
neutral negator corden mocking k-pop fans neutral generalizing them neutral neutral girls neutral neutral demeaning neutral and neutral neutral toward bts dure their neutral neutral ? if neutral likes k-pop , neutral positive becaus neutral sees neutral neutral negative hpositive to hpositive neutral , negator becaus neutral hpositive respects neutral appreciates the artists . carpool karaokes neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral corden .
positive thi neutral hnegative hnegative imo . positive “ neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral promotes kpop ”
eghh . neutral neutral negator positive positive corden intensifier likes neutral and hpositive sees neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for himself . intensifier neutral neutral interactions intensifier with bts where neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral them for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive generalizing kpop and bts fans neutral neutral neutral neutral girls which neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to . bts positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and rm neutral neutral neutral . neutral owning neutral to neutral and apologizing , corden neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral with having neutral " we're neutral negative neutral neutral " neutral with the guys . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral positive that . that neutral neutral carpool neutral positive neutral intensifier negative and thi positive neutral positive . to neutral positive if neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral fallon . neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral that could neutral neutral guests and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of k-pop when neutral neutral bts and neutral the neutral k-pop neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral girls
if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that neutral , negator gonna negative to neutral positive neutral neutral corden neutral neutral neutral neutral k-pop segments . neutral , neutral if negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral faked neutral hpositive than neutral the neutral multistop and that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negative of diminisher than positive ( diminisher mocking ) interviews neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral shows that treated k-pop positive neutral hnegative multistop positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral where shows neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral multistop corden neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral k-pop neutral hpositive multistop motivations neutral ( and neutral quotes neutral positive negator heard positive neutral negative neutral negative )
>wasn't corden mocking k-pop fans neutral generalizing them neutral neutral girls neutral neutral demeaning neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral things , positive neutral neutral negator . the hnegative positive when neutral positive the hpositive things neutral the neutral the hnegative neutral should neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive with him neutral .
neutral neutral corden and neutral neutral bts fans neutral neutral neutral girls . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative and the neutral neutral neutral neutral bts , rm neutral someth positive “ you positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral you neutral ? ” and corden hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral jokes positive negative hnegative and that neutral neutral neutral negative bts neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral :
neutral neutral that neutral neutral if you positive neutral with we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him neutral would neutral hpositive . neutral positive you neutral “ neutral sucks … neutral neutral neutral neutral supports kpop . ” and neutral neutral the intensifier neutral you neutral we neutral hpositive hnegative negator him . and diminisher positive promoting kpop positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive we neutral negative trans rights neutral blm , which neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral those things neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral than neutral neutral neutral
>and diminisher positive promoting kpop positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive we neutral negative trans rights neutral blm , which neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral those things neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral neutral positive thi , neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral to thi . we neutral neutral neutral kpop neutral multistop that adds neutral to the neutral . whether neutral negator someth helps positive kpop positive neutral to thi subreddit and has negator to neutral with whether neutral negator neutral intensifier positive topics neutral neutral the neutral they hpositive .
neutral , thi makes her : * neutral & neutral neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the neutral * neutral & neutral neutral k-pop neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral k-pop neutral neutral the neutral
negative neutral negative hnegative
neutral neutral she should
hpositive jisoo negative positive .
' you neutral negative we neutral you positive ' blackpink neutral
neutral positive to neutral hnegative for thi . that fuckass neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral positive for neutral neutral the bp neutral and the mv neutral neutral negator positive neutral itunes . these could've boosted the sales diminisher and earned neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral negative ! which neutral the neutral neutral kpop neutral neutral the neutral
she positive neutral the neutral neutral to neutral with the of them neutral the neutral neutral months neutral . and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive that positive the intensifier hnegative neutral .
blackpink positive their neutral neutral neutral with neutral and hpositive neutral and their positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
positive !
neutral sounds hpositive multiexclamation
you neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral
sheeesh , , neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive , thought-provoking musicians
-
neutral hpositive thi neutral ! neutral intensifier respected and hpositive neutral of the positive that has neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral intensifier shows neutral neutral months of neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kpop .
>the neutral of neutral of neutral derives from the earlier neutral of neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral modified intensifier than neutral sinc the neutral of ivan iii the neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , with the double-headed neutral having neutral and earlier antecedents . the neutral negative corresponds to the fifteenth-century neutral . ^ ( | ) ^ ( neutral | ) ^ ( neutral neutral of | ] downvote to neutral |
neutral neutral negator hpositive that cya positive neutral changed neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral giuk multistop neutral neutral positive neutral thi tracklist for the neutral neutral minutes , neutral to neutral neutral which onewe neutral neutral giuk neutral neutral lol . neutral positive negative that neutral positive having neutral neutral positive ! neutral neutral positive neutral to thi .
those features
sunwoo…… ? neutral neutral tbz neutral positive neutral negative sunwoo
tracks ! ? neutral shit , neutral neutral negator expecting thi to neutral intensifier than neutral songs neutral positive ( neutral ? ) neutral of my favourite neutral of neutral neutral neutral soundcloud and neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral for intensifier you negative the flowers to neutral negator neutral them ️
giuk pulling neutral neutral the stops neutral features , we neutral hpositive to neutral neutral !
" neutral neutral " positive the cutest neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cya neutral for thi giuk sinc neutral positive neutral ? neutral : nvm , neutral neutral neutral neutral & im hpositive neutral neutral the neutral
looked neutral the credits & neutral positive sunwoo from tbz , neutral shit my worlds neutral colliding to of my positive rappers omg
haha neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral negative ! hpositive for him neutral for hnegative
positive neutral : giuk and sunwoo neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral of neutral neutral of friends called : negative
neutral negator neutral that ! neutral you lol !
aww neutral neutral negator hpositive that
thi neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive omg neutral : neutral hpositive if thi positive their neutral of neutral positive neutral sinc neutral songs neutral underlined neutral neutral
sm neutral neutral you ! positive neutral neutral obsessed with thi neutral and they neutral positive delivered , neutral neutral positive and neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
the neutral of scents
: positive neutral of hpositive
neutral hpositive -
neutral hpositive -
neutral hpositive -
thi positive neutral looks negative
actors
ahh positive hpositive , hpositive , and intimacy… things that my neutral struggled with . / neutral joking
thi neutral positive soooooo hpositive and jaehyun positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive thi neutral becaus neutral shows her neutral and her neutral negative ! she positive neutral neutral
op you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral hahaha neutral of these neutral neutral neutral guna neutral neutral than cronodroid intensifier of hpositive ( neutral positive ) lol
congratulations to exo for neutral the neutral neutral to neutral what positive hpositive , neutral , mama , neutral , neutral and neutral moons neutral their neutral mini neutral ! neutral positive negative how that neutral neutral holds neutral years neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral
my positive " hags " . to negative years
intensifier , neutral negator positive neutral has positive years . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to intensifier enlistments to neutral . they neutral neutral of the neutral stacked discographies neutral kpop , and neutral gets neutral intensifier stacked if you neutral their neutral and neutral releases . positive neutral to the fanmeeting thi neutral - neutral has positive *years* sinc we neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive d.o hahah
hpositive neutral to my ult neutral multiexclamation intensifier neutral the neutral and activities they positive neutral neutral neutral positive
for the negative neutral - xiumin neutral - suho neutral - baekhyun neutral - neutral neutral ( ? ) - chanyeol neutral - neutral neutral - kai neutral neutral neutral - sehun
neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral positive positive negative neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with them exo saranghaja multiexclamation
hpositive neutral to my neutral and ult neutral ! neutral would negator neutral positive positive neutral k-pop if neutral neutral negator for sehun neutral the positive mv neutral ( positive positive neutral non-skip neutral neutral ) . hoping for intensifier hpositive neutral neutral !
my neutral 's neutral for exo having the positive boy-group neutral of neutral neutral : their sub-units hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral , mama , neutral , vroom vroom multistop ) . hpositive neutral to the negative kings of positive ! positive we positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral rolls neutral multistop ?
positive into exo neutral and thi makes neutral intensifier negative to neutral negative hnegative negative . neutral they neutral the hpositive dure the neutral neutral
neutral neutral planning to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive boils positive to the positive that neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral positive exo . neutral neutral positive them negator neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral and negative positive , neutral neutral negative positive and positive neutral . they neutral the neutral of neutral . negator neutral for the fanmeet thi neutral !
thi positive sooooo hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier negative for the neutral meetings negative , neutral you neutral jongin positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
neutral positive diminisher hnegative how neutral neutral they debuted and positive positive to the neutral , seemed positive diminisher neutral when neutral neutral hpositive neutral pre uni . neutral neutral when the neutral and the neutral positive neutral legends neutral neutral neutral forces nurtured the neutral of neutral . negative neutral of negative forces created the hpositive which neutral the negative of neutral of neutral and the negative neutral neutral neutral . to neutral negative positive for negative of neutral of neutral , the legends neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive overturned and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral forces negative into neutral and neutral neutral suns that neutral positive , into neutral worlds that neutral positive . the legends neutral hpositive . the legends shall neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral shall neutral neutral hpositive neutral , shall neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral shall neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds that neutral positive , the legends positive neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral the negative forces neutral and neutral forces neutral into neutral neutral neutral – ” neutral positive neutral shall neutral neutral “
the members neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral soloists and units , neutral neutral positive neutral someth hnegative neutral exo . negative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral
