neutral positive becaus neutral removes neutral positive neutral of positive , and hpositive . neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive , moreso to hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the characters and how they interract neutral neutral positive hpositive teambased neutral
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral her neutral interractions ? having neutral positive ms neutral positive interresting , neutral positive neutral should neutral the neutral , hnegative her neutral gameplay removes that negative
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative , and hnegative to neutral against if positive played , insecs and shurima shuffels neutral negator intensifier that hnegative , neutral neutral for them neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral the hnegative variables neutral dissentiveces picking things that negator neutral the positive to neutral with neutral . neutral proplay negative neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral the neutral counterable playstyle . hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive the neutral of positive , picking the positive champions and neutral the positive neutral to positive , neutral neutral teams neutral neutral strategies and they neutral . positive to neutral neutral champions hpositive for the neutral of positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher champions neutral positive and they should neutral thi neutral , teemo positive neutral 'joke' neutral neutral if neutral gets intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator played neutral neutral neutral and hpositive intensifier players neutral diminisher neutral vs neutral - which positive hpositive for the teemo neutral . negative / kata neutral hpositive soloq picks that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they negator neutral nerfed . neutral hpositive neutral champions positive azir means you positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral soloq neutral if you neutral you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and positive neutral hpositive to proplay if you neutral wanted that , etc . positive to neutral metas and champs hpositive to neutral intensifier champions positive negative neutral negative neutral of positive . neutral you neutral you .
neutral positive positive that positive the neutral to her neutral neutral . neutral her neutral her positive , neutral neutral with negative neutral where neutral gets decreased / neutral cd if she dashes against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral her " hyper neutral " . she positive neutral neutral , she positive neutral neutral - she hpositive positive negator uncatch when played neutral . negative neutral neutral my neutral games you neutral her with the neutral cc neutral , she hops neutral neutral negative neutral with her mythic neutral negative , and neutral to neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral neutral she kites the neutral neutral . neutral she neutral negator , becaus neutral positive neutral and neutral of the zeri neutral negator neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . neutral her negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral her if we neutral her hnegative neutral neutral over-stepping .
>data shows that of neutral players neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral what neutral ?
positive you neutral biased and neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to of games neutral neutral neutral . negative positive intensifier neutral , although the positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral fuckup neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral years of playing thi neutral .
neutral intensifier what positive neutral . neutral neutral everyon neutral thi neutral has neutral hpositive neutral that they positive “ neutral ” and what makes your neutral hpositive than neutral ? neutral positive neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral happens from neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral intensifier when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my positive . my hnegative neutral positive the hpositive neutral / sexist bullshit . neutral of that neutral intensifier cares , neutral positive neutral videogame
neutral negator positive + downvoted , neutral neutral neutral and neutral your online neutral positive positive to " your neutral " if you negator neutral username anyth intensifier
neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negative hpositive " hpositive " and if needed having hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral would neutral . intensifier negative to neutral that someth intensifier neutral would neutral to neutral intensifier neutral moderated , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral argued that neutral of the negative negative neutral from neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher than the neutral neutral .
hpositive negative negative and hnegative for premade lines that everyon neutral neutral to neutral .
asking for neutral positive becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral of legends , neutral how neutral neutral negative everyon for negative neutral negator their pings ? neutral positive negative neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral negative positive negator neutral players from neutral negative neutral neutral tilted neutral their teammates . neutral negative would hpositive neutral neutral bandaid hnegative for neutral neutral neutral which negative players neutral with their teammates and enemies . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral their items neutral neutral negative inting neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's automated neutral neutral ( negative neutral initiating neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive their abilities ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral has neutral negative hnegative , neutral negative positive negator neutral the disco nunus
neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher negative , and neutral hpositive hnegative and negative things neutral neutral neutral chats , neutral hpositive dure neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral positive diminisher positive neutral , lets you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral - becaus neutral neutral and positive you hpositive hnegative players that neutral positive neutral
hnegative of whether those of neutral that positive / neutral from negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator , the neutral negative that you neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative if you neutral negator positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral for everyon .
positive , responses positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral that you neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral with the hpositive " the hnegative of neutral positive neutral you yada yada " , neutral neutral negator neutral . if you positive positive positive neutral neutral you would neutral neutral the seconds neutral neutral you to neutral thi neutral to google neutral neutral neutral . neutral : lotta downvotes neutral thi neutral . neutral thinks the jokers that positive the neutral of thi subs subscribers doth neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral called neutral neutral their shit , neutral if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral called neutral .
my neutral positive that anybodi neutral has played thi neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral has diminisher positive positive neutral hnegative experiences with positive negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive the neutral of diminisher neutral of negative . the neutral neutral has neutral well-known hpositive for positive negative , which positive intensifier neutral someth positive that neutral manages to neutral neutral neutral neutral the online neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral online games neutral heard neutral neutral . and neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral neutral " , thi positive neutral neutral . you neutral negator hnegative that negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral when utilized positive . hnegative , positive neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral , the neutral neutral of negative entries neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive , and if that positive how the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , positive the cons neutral neutral the pros and we neutral hpositive hnegative negator neutral .
intensifier diminisher , neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral witnessed neutral hpositive hnegative neutral negative . neutral diminisher neutral devolves into neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral of focusing , which positive the neutral of my positive with negative . you neutral negator neutral when neutral neutral you neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ? hpositive for you , negator neutral neutral . neutral that positive negator the positive . the positive positive that everyon neutral seems to neutral , and neutral ruins games and that positive negator positive .
congratulations , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative negator neutral .
neutral . neutral hpositive positive positive intensifier hnegative and requires diminisher neutral diminisher games played . receiving honors neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive from playing neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral that neutral that negative negative neutral neutral from their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , which positive neutral neutral hpositive of all-chat positive hnegative . gotta neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral positive . pings neutral of neutral that positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher premade lines for intensifier neutral situations .
dota to has neutral intensifier of negative neutral lines . diminisher of them neutral neutral positive to bm . - hpositive neutral , neutral played ( neutral to neutral and neutral negative versions ) upon hnegative / hnegative - " positive ! " if neutral dies and neutral / neutral neutral negator / the hnegative neutral - positive positive hpositive neutral lines e.g. " positive " , neutral diminisher neutral hnegative . - neutral " ? " neutral neutral , neutral them neutral someth hnegative neutral negator positive if these neutral neutral : - neutral your neutral items and the neutral , which implies " you neutral neutral thi neutral i.e. underfarmed/poor/bad neutral / neutral " - ironic / hnegative negative neutral neutral hpositive for negative - spamming neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral intensifier hnegative - intensifier neutral neutral perceived hnegative , hnegative , etc . - pausing the neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive pubs ) - sprays neutral the neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral " ( with pictures of puppies ) neutral hnegative bm gameplay-wise , if neutral 's tilted / neutral : - hpositive neutral neutral / neutral neutral negative neutral and pinging them
in-game when you neutral neutral to neutral everyon 's builds , runes , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that you neutral neutral to positive negative that neutral 's negative and / neutral pings .
you neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive negative positive neutral . neutral negative would neutral the hpositive neutral toward negative neutral positive to players , which positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral negator .
im negator neutral where you positive your " neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive your neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral where you positive your " neutral . " neutral that hpositive .
if you neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral of " neutral " you should neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral when asked , hpositive positive you should neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral neutral negator neutral the / muteall neutral to neutral . everyon neutral positive hpositive the neutral how you hpositive neutral neutral using neutral . hnegative of how you neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that positive neutral your complaints .
>my neutral positive that anybodi neutral has played thi neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral has diminisher positive positive neutral hnegative experiences with positive negative . that negative neutral . negator neutral . and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative . youre complaining neutral negative positive neutral of the playerbase .
neutral neutral negative positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral jg . neutral to neutral neutral to negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral for negative neutral vs hnegative champs . neutral to neutral neutral gank neutral neutral neutral neutral negative toward neutral neutral intensifier they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . positive neutral neutral earlier your neutral biased hpositive positive to diminisher hnegative neutral you neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negative
positive
neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral your neutral permaed for using those . neutral positive to intensifier neutral myself from players to neutral neutral banned neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral negative shit . the positive neutral neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral makes negative positive to neutral . intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive of neutral intensifier and hnegative neutral for pre approved lines .
neutral neutral hpositive of that , neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive hpositive neutral quicker . hnegative
neutral intensifier neutral , if you neutral negative you neutral to re-examine your neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive how to hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . negative players neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral if neutral neutral non-toxic neutral has / muteall positive , the negative players neutral neutral ruining games hpositive neutral interacting with neutral hnegative . and that positive neutral negative neutral neutral , which we intensifier neutral negator neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral of legends has negative intensifier negative neutral , neutral amongst hnegative online neutral communities . if anyth , you neutral the biased neutral becaus you positive neutral negative positive . neutral neutral hpositive for you and hpositive intensifier neutral positive positive that . hnegative that positive negator the neutral and the hnegative eggs neutral the neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral .
cared neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral my comments positive . hnegative , neutral hnegative comments .
neutral into settings and neutral hnegative negative
neutral neutral you neutral neutral yourself hpositive of the hpositive of commenting neutral reddit with that neutral of negative neutral my neutral hnegative , positive we positive your positive comments into neutral pre neutral emotes .
positive : negative
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative and stating neutral neutral . your neutral neutral negator to hpositive to the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and self-satisfying , hpositive positive neutral your hnegative comments . neutral positive negator neutral gracing you with neutral neutral to neutral positive comments , you neutral negator neutral the calories neutral positive typing these neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to your reddit comments , intensifier neutral with neutral your neutral neutral to emotes neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the results neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral how neutral performed neutral negative . neutral positive neutral you neutral eyla neutral when neutral neutral issues positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral that hpositive hpositive gelled with the neutral hpositive .
hpositive that means they hpositive games against thi neutral
lcs has positive popping hnegative thi neutral with neutral .
negator brainer , surprised neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral them neutral neutral to positive eyla negator neutral neutral
the neutral neutral that started neutral neutral :
neutral positive hnegative they neutral positive scrimming with neutral and hpositive performed hpositive
thi positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for eylas neutral . neutral neutral negative hyped afrer neutral neutral with timeline neutral neutral neutral compared to neutral and neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral where neutral legit hpositive has to neutral princes balls and they positive and neutral fucks that neutral hpositive if thi neutral 's the neutral positive for tomorrows neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral tbh
neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral imo . negator becaus hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive than eyla , neutral they should've changed neutral the neutral of playoffs if they wanted to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier could neutral neutral neutral , neutral changing neutral finals neutral neutral of neutral the neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral positive positive what eyla 's struggles positive hpositive seems positive hnegative planning .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral positive eyla has negator positive neutral neutral fqs hnegative performing neutral lol
neutral you , eyla !
neutral neutral . if hpositive positive hpositive , and neutral loses , positive neutral and vicla careers neutral neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hnegative and neutral loses , hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hpositive and neutral wins , eyla 's neutral positive neutral hnegative if hpositive positive hnegative and neutral wins , ggs neutral intensifier intensifier negative
neutral hyped neutral eyla neutral neutral intensifier negative with him . fq seems positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for him intensifier hpositive neutral neutral steps neutral neutral for neutral neutral finds neutral positive neutral that suits him hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive that him and yeon neutral hpositive players that neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive their neutral . ( yeon neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral would neutral positive peyz neutral danni where they negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ) hpositive hpositive hnegative diminisher of fq 's early-mid issues neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi playoffs . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral scapegoating vicla neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative against and positive positive outpathed and neutral neutral blaber intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive with hpositive .
neutral positive hnegative for eyla , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , diminisher than neutral of scrims with the neutral and negator neutral negative him neutral neutral online . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral him negative negative the circumstances . negative that thousands of neutral online from neutral positive neutral your neutral to hnegative him positive neutral positive draining , negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive , neutral positive the closest neutral we neutral to neutral neutral meritocracy and neutral would neutral positive negative to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive " neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral " neutral you neutral the neutral to neutral negator negative neutral . eyla looked intensifier hnegative .
negative to neutral if thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral that nr neutral
negator positive they positive hpositive positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral of finals
neutral neutral fans neutral positive if thi would intensifier hpositive that neutral of neutral hnegative sinc neutral intensifier feelings positive vcla has positive the neutral griefer neutral the neutral ?
flyquest loses to gg and neutral fans positive neutral hnegative neutral how neutral could neutral berseker if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
uh neutral
neutral intensifier wanted neutral neutral for gg neutral to finals , neutral neutral negator neutral against my positive hpositive .
ls neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral facecheck ? hmm whatevers thi makes neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral finals neutral neutral neutral neutral wins
ggs
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral and negator neutral hpositive neutral for flyquest neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative
neutral commenting neutral negative neutral neutral of messages neutral would neutral surprised if thi happened . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral knee-jerk neutral diminisher orgs to neutral hnegative . they positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral scrums and neutral intensifier positive .
negator neutral for neutral to shit the neutral intensifier neutral positive realise eyla neutral negator the hnegative neutral hpositive the hpositive negative for negative underperforming neutral .
neutral eyla . neutral positive intensifier hnegative for the neutral
neutral negator neutral thi intensifier changes anyth , hnegative teams positive negator hpositive earlier neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative with hpositive . and hpositive positive hpositive negative neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral shit neutral
eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for him
congratulations to flyquest for negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
flyquest negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive multiexclamation neutral ! flyquest positive neutral neutral .
neutral shit , thi positive positive . hnegative if neutral pops hnegative
neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive into neutral esports and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral laners and supports that neutral negator neutral positive wards . neutral neutral neutral gets gapped neutral neutral neutral when neutral and neutral positive the positive you positive neutral positive neutral hpositive of negator neutral negative neutral msi and worlds . keria positive neutral to neutral these negative lanes neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral that eyla neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive stakes positive positive . neutral knows neutral has neutral these eyes neutral him . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral started eyla neutral neutral if they positive negator committed to him neutral finals , you negative that neutral neutral neutral for the neutral youre playing thi neutral .
neutral !
flyquest neutral the hpositive neutral " if someth neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral " neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier , neutral negator neutral hpositive for finals qeekend and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla
neutral would've negative neutral neutral until intensifier neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral than negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral finals weeks positive hnegative
elya negative with princes girlfriend
flyquest hpositive became neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral negator they neutral neutral earlier multistop
neutral you neutral
negative , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral multistop intensifier you neutral neutral neutral there'll neutral fq players ?
the gg neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of hnegative
positive
positive negator negative . neutral positive hnegative to gg . and gg positive hnegative to
reminds neutral of the tsm akaadian / grig neutral
neutral should neutral happened neutral neutral tbh
neutral looked positive neutral could neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral they swapped eyla neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative and neutral / neutral .


positive negator neutral sinc gg positive gonna neutral
they positive ,
neutral neutral positive neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral lmao
you hpositive neutral clenching neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator hnegative them for neutral eyla neutral hpositive , neutral neutral my hnegative they neutral negative neutral to hnegative him . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds positive neutral with thi neutral .
im positive they neutral neutral earlier neutral scrims and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral winrate neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral they hpositive neutral negative neutral games .
neutral neutral : hpositive positive negator hpositive and neutral positive gonna neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with him , neutral they positive positive positive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams hpositive positive hpositive . they positive rinsed neutral scrims neutral neutral neutral with hpositive , intensifier their neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral giga negative when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral of neutral 's problems .
papasmithy intensifier liked eyla and positive neutral neutral the " negative neutral " . neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral if they negator subreddit neutral eyla neutral that hnegative neutral neutral against beserker neutral neutral the neutral fq neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive re-evaluated .
lmao they neutral neutral hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral than negator , neutral negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral with ashley kang neutral the neutral started when neutral neutral her that him and eyla would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher positive hnegative for him tbh , you hpositive neutral lives neutral neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral anyon hpositive if they positive positive pre-existing neutral intensifier neutral neutral / neutral ? when him and neutral clashed neutral neutral neutral def neutral seems neutral negative intensifier neutral positive than neutral ( negator neutral against that neutral of neutral neutral the neutral hpositive negative )
neutral neutral hnegative that they positive hpositive asked neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral with . they hnegative neutral neutral looped hnegative players positive neutral neutral neutral into neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive subbed neutral earlier . neutral hnegative hnegative the negative , neutral neutral prob intensifier neutral neutral scrims .
neutral shit 'just has to neutral princes balls' neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral goddamn positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . cheers
neutral neutral positive neutral eyla intensifier things neutral . vicla neutral negative gapped , neutral neutral neutral killed neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral picking hnegative gank neutral sinc neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral punished for them , neutral neutral negator to with neutral 's neutral / / hnegative . positive hpositive neutral eyla failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral for hpositive to neutral positive thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that hpositive happened to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral teams neutral the neutral .
negator neutral they positive anyth when vicla positive playing positive thi .
oce imports neutral neutral positive positive hyped neutral fuck and hnegative of them neutral delivered hnegative than neutral . fbi positive intensifier hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for him to neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative teams .
neutral positive the papasmithy modus operandi . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive they positive hnegative for eyla . intensifier positive hnegative for hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral 's negative rn .
neutral neutral negator hpositive , vicla has positive competing intensifier hnegative with eyla neutral diminisher of their games neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral eyla neutral positive positive the positive neutral neutral vicla neutral to neutral neutral positive if they negative to neutral neutral playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator against eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral positive negative negative neutral playing with neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the games . if they positive neutral games of neutral they would neutral the hnegative .
imo neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral eyla neutral if neutral loses . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral played with them neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral neutral shit neutral if they hnegative . neutral positive negator positive eyla neutral the neutral hnegative , hpositive the neutral neutral
negator hnegative what you neutral with that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral gg positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negative expectations . whether eyla neutral hpositive neutral negative the hnegative neutral members 'can' negative gg negator gg neutral positive negative . that intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and negator the neutral results of the neutral .
eylas neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral played positive intensifier shit neutral .
neutral played neutral of the neutral + diminisher playoffs . neutral neutral negative the hpositive . playing with eyla neutral of hpositive positive hpositive hpositive negative if they negative to positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral vs neutral hnegative to neutral
neutral played games , that positive intensifier than neutral intensifier of players .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral messed neutral that neutral positive intensifier negative to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral hpositive positive neutral diminisher negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth , and hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth to neutral neutral doubters hnegative .
negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hnegative if you neutral hpositive , you neutral intensifier neutral everyth you neutral , everyth positive clicking and your neutral hpositive replaces you . neutral that they neutral negative they negative to neutral to you ? eyla positive neutral hpositive that neutral negator hpositive and hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from him that neutral hpositive . negative neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the neutral that neutral robbed .

eh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mistakes that positive hnegative neutral / neutral hnegative . neutral rakan neutral hnegative neutral games and to against and the neutral to neutral where neutral ganked neutral and they could negator neutral soraka , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral eyla neutral and positive killed neutral the that neutral fq intensifier neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioning the neutral stopwatch neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive into neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi diminisher hnegative flyquest neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of playoffs .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral , neutral could neutral weeks of scrims neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral than needed and neutral neutral performed positive shit intensifier games and neutral performed positive negative how neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's games neutral . you neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative if you neutral playing with the positive adc neutral neutral lcs .
hpositive neutral negator positive neutral heads when neutral neutral playing . fq neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral smashed neutral scrims - neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral them negative neutral neutral neutral against unless everyon neutral remembers how to negator neutral shit
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive for negative neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral eyla
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive things . vicla 's highs neutral neutral intensifier positive , vicla positive negator the neutral laning with neutral .
neutral vicla neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive performed intensifier neutral . eyla ( neutral neutral intensifier neutral hoping would neutral hpositive ) has hpositive negator intensifier neutral anyth neutral neutral intensifier subpar . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral . hpositive the neutral that neutral positive all-in neutral playing for neutral , neutral they should neutral , and you positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral looked positive with . neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive ingame . eyla positive intensifier neutral neutral negative underrated neutral of hpositive positive that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral comms ( neutral neutral neutral and which could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier neutral sinc eyla neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive everyon forgets that hpositive speaks neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral of neutral that hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral helped our vicla .
neutral neutral positive wincon intensifier if they negative to positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
vicla neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral negator to neutral . that positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral than neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral hpositive .
that positive positive what positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the timeline flairs neutral neutral to neutral their positive neutral flys gotta neutral *something* neutral positive positive neutral neutral that if they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , they positive negator positive the neutral
neutral if hpositive sprints neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral that eyla neutral neutral negative hnegative for neutral negator the neutral hnegative with hnegative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
what ? eyla neutral neutral negative negative neutral laning and neutral neutral fights . positive for hnegative flyquest has neutral intensifier of hpositive problems neutral thi neutral fixes neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral lowkey neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative winrate neutral scrims dure the neutral round-robin neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral they hpositive neutral neutral neutral / hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral arguably intensifier hpositive gg hpositive their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral .
hpositive fixes neutral intensifier of neutral problems that would neutral games into losses for flyquest . for neutral negator neutral the fuck neutral of neutral sinc neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral has negator neutral neutral . neutral you neutral their neutral cams multiquestion hpositive neutral brings intensifier picks to the neutral , neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral
eyla positive neutral hnegative hnegative if they positive neutral negator eyla hpositive neutral sucks whether hpositive positive the neutral remained to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that hpositive , neutral neutral performed hpositive than eyla ) neutral the neutral of the neutral if they negative to positive they neutral vicla to performed hpositive , and to neutral neutral hpositive neutral cuz eyla ain't neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral negative ( neutral hpositive than eyla )
hpositive
ggs
neutral the bio / treatz playoffs neutral that tsm positive neutral intensifier of shit for
uh neutral , we hpositive how that neutral neutral . neutral blew neutral & they positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral , negative to hpositive worlds . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of tsm , neutral that neutral neutral pissed neutral hnegative intensifier neutral . akaadian neutral smurfing the neutral neutral and the positive to subreddit him neutral for " hpositive " neutral neutral of the dumbest neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . to hnegative players that neutral negative positive positive hpositive neutral hnegative when the neutral positive underperforming .
hpositive neutral tsm infront of these names and you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral
neutral
neutral gg neutral .
im intensifier intensifier clenched
" neutral you for everyth , blaber and negative " neutral " neutral neutral : emenes "
neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral should've neutral neutral negator neutral neutral looked neutral to where hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with the neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative them . neutral neutral negative with neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hnegative someth positive fq positive neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral . hpositive , they neutral neutral where they neutral hnegative neutral if fq neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator negative that to neutral neutral neutral negative excused for how intensifier eyla has positive playing . if fq hnegative neutral neutral negator negative to neutral " neutral you , neutral positive negator eyla , the neutral neutral positive performing hnegative " when fq neutral hnegative neutral positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral . you negator hpositive subreddit neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and positive diminisher and positive subreddit him neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations that everyth neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher of the laning deaths positive hnegative and hpositive 's negative neutral neutral laning neutral and neutral neutral looked hpositive than eyla 's
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral redditors neutral that eyla neutral shitting the neutral . negator hnegative what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive lol
neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral swapped . neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to hnegative neutral 's issues neutral the neutral .
neutral positive gonna neutral positive thi neutral and that negator becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral negator neutral that they hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negator usethe positive neutral to neutral how neutral would performed . neutral needed intensifier neutral with the neutral neutral . hpositive positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral with the flyquest neutral hpositive than eyla that neutral they neutral tbh
from what neutral positive , they positive neutral neutral scrims neutral the neutral . hpositive , neutral negator negative positive their neutral neutral . positive when eyla positive swapped neutral , they neutral started neutral stomped , with gg hpositive them and neutral claiming they positive stomping them . neutral neutral negator hpositive if hpositive positive neutral the neutral to fq 's problems , neutral multistop neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral your problems to neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral . neutral 's negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive fq 's positive hnegative and they positive neutral to neutral to hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral , positive if hpositive positive that hnegative .
intensifier neutral neutral eyla the hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral hpositive realized papasmithy kicked aphromoo hnegative of to teams lmao . what positive positive neutral positive neutral replaced him with hnegative and eyla .
fq games neutral legit neutral everygame . the neutral hnegative positive that fq gets neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral negator .
neutral lives neutral negator ones neutral
neutral positive friends with hpositive sinc they neutral neutral soccer/football with hnegative neutral neutral neutral pros . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive neutral for neutral positive neutral positive subbed neutral diminisher than positive neutral eyla . of neutral , neutral positive neutral and neutral likes to meme neutral diminisher ( positive zven and neutral ) , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral def the neutral neutral instigated . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
they neutral positive they neutral negator positive neutral hnegative irl , neutral neutral neutral tweeted neutral neutral hpositive and eyla positive negative and positive neutral neutral neutral him lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla that hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral that thi positive intensifier neutral negator hpositive shit negative .
how could neutral positive neutral lmao
neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they scrimmed with neutral sups positive neutral / neutral of neutral neutral
negator neutral blames eyla neutral for their wins . they hnegative him for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral mistakes . neutral diminisher intensifier inted their neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral terms . neutral neutral the negative they positive appalled neutral that neutral , neutral positive positive intensifier intensifier neutral laning . neutral positive the neutral of negator neutral negative for the neutral neutral to neutral lvl to neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral - negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mistakes positive that should negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . unless eyla neutral positive controlling vicla into inting , fq neutral hnegative to with the neutral vicla positive playing .
neutral if hpositive neutral neutral and plays hnegative positive , neutral positive negative him for playing against neutral of the positive teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive to the neutral . with how neutral neutral played earlier neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hnegative for thi neutral to hnegative neutral neutral unless neutral plays intensifier intensifier .
neutral neutral that vicla positive neutral the neutral positive neutral to eyla neutral neutral the intensifier neutral ive neutral vicla neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator positive impressed neutral eyla neutral neutral neutral , idk what neutral neutral neutral someth with him and thi neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
eyla would hpositive to neutral positive to positive that neutral positive negator positive dogshit neutral hpositive tilted and underperformed .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral positive that hnegative neutral thi playoffs . neutral intensifier gapped and positive neutral negative neutral neutral + to against neutral vicla and emenes neutral the neutral for neutral + to and negator changes neutral the matches with how hnegative neutral + eyla positive inting , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral . vicla intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to positive against and neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral + hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive what happened neutral neutral fq played bc neutral neutral positive looked negative intensifier neutral .
neutral matters diminisher sinc neutral positive neutral flyquest 's positive neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bot-centric meta .
neutral hpositive thi subreddit hates vicla and neutral hasn't positive playing hpositive neutral eyla positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral how „vicla positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier that positive hnegative ! “ what matters positive the positive and eyla neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative supports for anyon with eyes and you intensifier negator neutral neutral negative that neutral . you neutral the hpositive to hnegative him with neutral neutral positive has neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral non-brainer .
neutral missed positive the neutral to weeks of the neutral neutral from what neutral neutral of winsomes neutral and from the positive of eylas neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they arent neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher neutral
the neutral neutral into stopwatch into neutral neutral neutral neutral negative into neutral neutral the neutral kill… hnegative .
ngl winsomes neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . to the neutral where they neutral him neutral tahm kench neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator becaus eyla neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and positive diminisher neutral of issues , intensifier they played with hpositive until eyla arrived ? neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral intensifier hnegative , hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative
bro everyon neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral aphel the stacks for neutral neutral , lifesteal and neutral neutral , neutral positive everyth neutral cooldown and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral attacks negator neutral positive neutral , neutral thi would neutral achieved positive neutral aphel neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral died neutral the tp multistop hnegative neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral reddit neutral thi neutral
neutral sorta neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lol
nah they neutral neutral to neutral thi when fq neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negator eyla 's hnegative . when they hnegative the intensifier negative neutral that fq and hpositive positive and positive hpositive subbed him neutral neutral neutral ruining everyth .
eyla positive shit neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral sinc they hpositive that hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral that the positive and neutral neutral negative positive neutral to neutral neutral to . they started intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral playing intensifier neutral , vicla negator inting positive and hnegative teams neutral figuring neutral neutral . neutral appears their positive neutral negator that hpositive neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral when they positive negative neutral neutral , their gameplay neutral negator neutral - they positive neutral negative games neutral playing to neutral and neutral , their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive when teams positive hpositive .
neutral
neutral neutral they neutral the negative with bio . with grig / akaadian they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi lol . treatz neutral subbed neutral when tsm positive thrashed against gg and positive bio neutral neutral , hnegative them neutral , and neutral . neutral , neutral positive thrashed neutral subbed neutral eyla , putting neutral hpositive and…we shall hpositive neutral thi neutral what happens
positive neutral , neutral neutral that negative .
the neutral to neutral neutral neutral grig and aakadian destroyed aakaian 's neutral , aakaidan neutral that himself . hpositive aakadian neutral the neutral neutral could positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral for tsm to hpositive worlds that neutral .
neutral negator positive , neutral would negator hnegative negative and blaber to neutral of these neutral orgs multistop
neutral positive neutral neutral for eyla to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral when hnegative neutral and neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral would neutral hpositive multistop hpositive neutral could neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues .
intensifier hpositive , that neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive hes neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative options intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral htere
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral nerves neutral someth neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral overcomes neutral . neutral wanna neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive “ neutral ” intensifier .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral that hpositive ? positive neutral neutral the neutral plays hpositive with him ( neutral positive to neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral himself negator looked anyth neutral .
neutral my neutral neutral reddit neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral eyla neutral neutral for neutral diminisher games dure the neutral neutral when the neutral neutral diminisher guaranteed playoffs positive ; neutral the neutral neutral neutral with emenes & diplex where they positive neutral neutral . emenes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive ( with neutral neutral neutral neutral inting games neutral and neutral ) and neutral neutral negator neutral anyon complaining neutral him neutral . the hnegative positive that although hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral , eyla has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the months neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for flyquest . neutral positive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral positive neutral that could positive them to positive heights dure the neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral if neutral positive negator neutral returns . neutral negative flyquest positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scrims and neutral eyla neutral neutral hpositive to neutral continuing with him for intensifier neutral , neutral the neutral performances neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral would neutral to hnegative neutral neutral the hpositive you earned becaus of neutral negative .
nah thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral imo . you neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral hpositive neutral emenes hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral that they positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paid hnegative and they neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hpositive “ hpositive ” . with neutral positive eyla holds them neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral showed neutral neutral neutral negative and intensifier when neutral played for timeline dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier what positive neutral , neutral you neutral gonna positive that should neutral neutral neutral diplex ? becaus if negator , positive you neutral diminisher neutral neutral using thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral hpositive when neutral the games neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral him and positive neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive intensifier gels hpositive with the neutral tbh , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral with him and hpositive that neutral . the neutral they negator positive positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral teams started positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral if they played hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral of their neutral wins positive hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral and hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral teams positive hpositive neutral punishing them neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , although neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral if they neutral neutral gg .
hnegative . fq neutral ( incl neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral joined .
vicla intensifier gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus eyla neutral hnegative negative ?
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral eyla neutral neutral you neutral vicla neutral neutral neutral ?
hey neutral vicla neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral lives neutral eylas
neutral lives neutral your neutral
neutral lives neutral eyla 's mom neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral eyla . neutral negator neutral neutral cares neutral positive hpositive meming
tbf how neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral botlanes hnegative to ali negative
neutral dunno neutral , eyla seemed negative neutral timeline when neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative scrims sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral issues neutral neutral negative neutral . positive neutral neutral negator neutral eyla positive the neutral of mata neutral someth , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral for what neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negator hpositive and has neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral positive positive reascend the neutral the neutral neutral if they neutral neutral to him , which positive negator neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , they intensifier intensifier hpositive positive solved .
neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral eyla intensifier fucked neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative negative gapped games neutral neutral neutral neutral blaber . the neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral has positive hnegative hnegative neutral games sinc neutral and neutral positive positive neutral hnegative that positive hnegative neutral the hnegative positive hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral against neutral picks neutral horrif hnegative gank hnegative that positive neutral countered neutral blaber , and positive negative akali positive glitch ends neutral positive hnegative the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that shoulda hpositive positive neutral neutral defining hnegative neutral neutral neutral . these types of things positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral wins stacking neutral and negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . hnegative positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral than the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral vicla neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative errors positive neutral neutral sidelaning . neutral neutral playing those sidelanes neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive if that positive becaus the botlane 's shit neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral positive wincon . we neutral neutral thi with hpositive when they positive neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier coinflippy shit becaus they lacked neutral neutral their botside . neutral neutral negator positive that hpositive positive hnegative things , neutral fq 's positive positive neutral neutral positive the neutral that neutral hpositive positive their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator remembering when hpositive played neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral that .
neutral eyla neutral positive neutral to neutral . the positive intensifier positive that the neutral performed positive hnegative neutral the neutral and they neutral until fq has positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral and positive neutral losers positive to neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and they should've hpositive swallowed their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral from hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
for neutral neutral neutral hpositive could neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral of the positive and positive neutral negative , you neutral negator fuck with someth positive that becaus neutral positive intensifier positive .
bruh what . neutral the neutral , flayed with galeforce neutral intensifier the neutral negator negative + neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , and positive stopwatching when aphelios positive neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral if we neutral baiting the neutral the stopwatch positive neutral neutral neutral positive matters neutral neutral eyla intensifier that the tp neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for you negator neutral neutral and positive that thi neutral neutral neutral negator eyla neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive treatz neutral neutral that neutral neutral shit
how neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative until negative walked into neutral to neutral eyla .
hnegative of how they played neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral to neutral with . apehlios neutral levels neutral neutral and to neutral negative with the neutral guns . they hnegative thi neutral neutral .
r/boneappletea
hpositive

positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral him neutral the neutral for akaadian / grig & neutral dardoch neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral for tsm
if neutral neutral positive destroyed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive flushes your neutral positive the neutral intensifier the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral .
bro spelled aakadian hpositive neutral neutral to sentences
neutral neutral you negative eyla intensifier neutral ?
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier that positive neutral what you negative from your neutral .
neutral , the positive positive hpositive they neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral for the neutral should neutral . neutral neutral sucks that neutral loses neutral hpositive they negative should neutral , neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral games , neutral neutral negator neutral you should neutral negative eyla neutral hpositive unless neutral neutral neutral positive / the neutral positive neutral for neutral . neutral him neutral hpositive neutral scrims neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral comparing to intensifier hpositive players neutral to intensifier hpositive situations . diplex neutral positive neutral of the hnegative hnegative laners neutral the lcs . neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negative neutral could negator neutral neutral minions positive . positive negative neutral hnegative of him diminisher than becaus of him . neutral against neutral teams becaus their hnegative laner neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral sinc diplex neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier unless emenes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral hnegative . neutral the hnegative hpositive fq neutral neutral of the positive with neutral of the positive neutral starts and hpositive neutral playing neutral . him and neutral positive gapping neutral lanes . you neutral negator hnegative neutral of the positive neutral starts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive what fq neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral . and neutral you subreddit hpositive neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral if you subreddit him neutral neutral . neutral eyla positive negator scapegoated , neutral positive legit hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral looked hpositive . atleast hpositive negator neutral diminisher negative hnegative positive eyla neutral that neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral they should neutral positive for neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . sinc neutral negator neutral neutral of them positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral eyla neutral hpositive positive neutral , neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive hnegative
flyquest neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive their neutral that they played neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . their neutral neutral neutral neutral setups neutral neutral hpositive than what hnegative teams positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral hnegative and neutral fucked neutral neutral hnegative neutral / positive . they positive intensifier neutral setups ( for neutral ) . neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral that hnegative teams neutral neutral to fq neutral terms of neutral / neutral neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive how neutral of that neutral the neutral neutral . we hpositive that hpositive 's positive positive that neutral positive intensifier hpositive of what neutral neutral to neutral neutral the midgame . neutral positive neutral meh laner ( neutral hpositive than eyla neutral thi ) and meh neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher neutral to neutral hpositive setups for midgame neutral fights . neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral positive hpositive fq hopium ) we positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral botlane laning neutral and hpositive coordination neutral midgame objectives .
vicla positive positive neutral positive neutral with neutral hnegative games , legit cosplaying neutral neutral hes neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
eyla makes the neutral vicla makes the neutral
to neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and has negator to hnegative intensifier . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative for eyla neutral regards to the shittalking neutral of neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative than when neutral subreddit neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral positive negative starts dogging neutral him negative . neutral positive neutral bants for neutral neutral for eyla neutral has to neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive to neutral where neutral matters , which neutral hasn't neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral with how neutral neutral played .
neutral youre negative the neutral , eyla neutral neutral intensifier hpositive mistakes than negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral should hpositive , mistakes that hpositive negator neutral . hpositive hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral botlane positive hpositive
neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier results neutral neutral . fq positive diminisher intensifier intensifier neutral games neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral that everyon positive neutral they neutral neutral negative those games . >opposition positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral than the neutral neutral neutral . neutral with thi . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral fq positive hnegative , neutral they neutral negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral . everyon neutral hpositive positive hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral fq neutral the neutral . they swapped supports and neutral sounds positive they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive they neutral negator looked neutral hnegative neutral hnegative teams . fq neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , negator changes . neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if the neutral negative neutral eyla neutral neutral .
