intensifier hpositive positive what you guys neutral to neutral draven you neutral multistop positive neutral
neutral negative neutral you died irelia tped neutral to neutral and pushed the neutral neutral you hnegative negative of exp to your neutral neutral . neutral neutral exp positive intensifier hpositive and neutral lvl diffrence gives you positive hpositive than neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral for your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral . neutral smarter decisions involves negative when neutral hpositive to neutral and when neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral and neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of legends , neutral neutral situations when neutral neutral neutral costs negative neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral of negative moments .
positive neutral negative for the neutral neutral neutral should neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator irelia negator neutral neutral the minions crashed neutral neutral . irelia tp , and neutral walked neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral to irelia neutral . intensifier my neutral neutral neutral , hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral toward irelia positive that neutral hnegative . negator that neutral matters neutral . neutral how thi neutral neutral neutral and how neutral positive neutral neutral . thi negator neutral deathmatch .
> neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral to thi what neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral , antiviru , and hnegative neutral software ? negator knows what positive intensifier negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator them neutral positive to how neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative / hnegative negative " fixes " neutral neutral , neutral . with neutral info , we neutral negative neutral negative , positive neutral , neutral positive neutral , and hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive looks positive you should've neutral her . neutral negative
neutral
her neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral her neutral
neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dropped the neutral , the neutral neutral to neutral positive to negator hnegative . the intensifier neutral neutral the intensifier intensifier that seems .
neutral positive your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to with neutral wr positive hnegative lp . riots mmr positive positive neutral neutral and neutral punishes you for playing the neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral negative fucks neutral mmr , neutral negative that positive what positive neutral happened . neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral diminisher divisions negative than what your neutral says sinc neutral the neutral 's neutral your neutral positive overinflated compared to mmr
neutral intensifier youre winrate negator negative neutral neutral . when you positive intensifier neutral lp positive neutral means youre mmr positive neutral negative positive youre neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral positive neutral programmed to neutral you toward the neutral neutral thinks you neutral . when you would neutral neutral winrate that positive positive what would neutral . neutral sinc you neutral positive intensifier games youre games should neutral hnegative sinc the negative mmr rises and rises . the hnegative neutral ist that the neutral and neutral of mmr negator negative . for neutral you neutral neutral neutral where the neutral mmr positive neutral to and youre mmr positive neutral positive you neutral neutral intensifier mmr neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of mmr would neutral if you neutral neutral mmr . neutral youre mmr negator neutral youre neutral . you could neutral neutral with neutral fucked neutral mmr of that positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of how hnegative ( mmr ) the games neutral you positive neutral for . negative positive hpositive would neutral neutral neutral . and where you neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier positive . intensifier how to hnegative that ? the fastest neutral would neutral to winstreak . becaus neutral games neutral intensifier the mmr neutral negator neutral anymore . intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive mmr neutral . and neutral you positive negative neutral winstreak youre mmr positive negative . with youre lp neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral takes positive wins neutral neutral neutral . intensifier my neutral would neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral to hnegative games that negator neutral positive winnabl neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral playing you neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral the neutral the neutral counts for the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral that should negator neutral positive positive streaking . intensifier when you positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral playing neutral neutral that neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral thi neutral sinc neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher skins neutral positive positive to negator hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lp with neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral and positive neutral negative neutral to hnegative for neutral negative . my positive streaks neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth
negator .
aight , roger that
neutral you neutral neutral neutral to the " hnegative " neutral neutral you hpositive neutral to hnegative ?
neutral neutral smurf neutral neutral
neutral neutral wcyd ?
adc<top<mid<jungle<support
neutral neutral : neutral , neutral , adc , neutral / negative , negative / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive and midlaners neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral becaus of the combo of their neutral neutral the neutral + neutral and exp neutral compared to hnegative roles neutral jungler positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral positive and positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . diminisher teams neutral neutral negator negative neutral and they neutral them neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive negator int neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for the neutral neutral diminisher teams neutral neutral their toplaners neutral their positive neutral and neutral neutral them ( neutral diminisher neutral teams neutral blg , edg , omg ) .
for soloq , jg / negative > hnegative > neutral > neutral hpositive positive neutral for positive , jg and negative neutral intensifier positive neutral where they neutral neutral neutral lanes and neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral to intensifier than the sidelane roles , and neutral has the neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to neutral coordination
neutral positive neutral and neutral negator negative hpositive neutral negator negative how they neutral him .
" pc neutral positive hnegative . neutral intensifier negative neutral legends : hpositive hpositive to future-proof yourself from thi hnegative moba . "
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . positive neutral exists , neutral negator gank them . neutral positive neutral positive of your neutral . neutral neutral *anti* neutral hmm
seraphin neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive positive op
neutral to the smallest neutral you neutral , and hpositive hnegative your nvidia neutral positive positive to negator neutral . thi neutral , your neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , that you neutral negator neutral to neutral your eyes neutral your neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral your teammates neutral the negative . your neutral positive than you neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral and neutral anyth neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral and eyes from neutral to neutral . that you playing neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral your neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral and neutral neutral where neutral the enemies neutral . hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral ( neutral hp / neutral they neutral ultimates / neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral / should you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral ) intensifier of uses for neutral neutral takes positive to neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral fights to neutral yourself you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral the positive hpositive positive that when you neutral neutral to neutral combos , your neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive , if you positive neutral negative and you positive neutral to hpositive hnegative your neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , if your neutral positive neutral , you would neutral to positive negative to neutral neutral them neutral if they positive positive neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , if your neutral positive neutral you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive positive neutral hitting your skills .
neutral positive intensifier that you neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral makes checking hnegative parts of the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral spacebar ( neutral neutral neutral you neutral ) to neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral of your neutral .
xd
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative negative and neutral neutral keys and minimap neutral and neutral to neutral hnegative areas of the neutral . thi neutral positive positive to neutral neutral if you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral feelings intensifier hnegative if youre neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the edges and negator intensifier neutral what neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rearview mirrors

neutral positive points neutral champs
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral champions with positive points of positive neutral positive etc .
what would the neutral neutral neutral ?
your lowest neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral : could neutral neutral your closest to points that positive negator positive , you positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral what neutral positive neutral and how they hpositive to your others
>could neutral neutral your closest to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral you , the negative positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral negative neutral to neutral the neutral lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? cuz neutral neutral negative .

xpeke



rekkles





broxah



soaz





jankos





alex ich





caps





neutral





darien





perkz .





neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative to positive neutral for . positive neutral would neutral supp has intensifier positive neutral positive negative sinc neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral supp neutral neutral neutral wards neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral of that . neutral of neutral neutral stat to neutral neutral for with negator neutral thi seems neutral diminisher hnegative
you could hpositive neutral
you could intensifier neutral and neutral that neutral neutral stat neutral the neutral positive hnegative " neutral of neutral neutral stat to neutral neutral for " . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral and neutral of my negative wins neutral attributed to the neutral that neutral positive the negative neutral of objectives neutral neutral of my games . if neutral jungler neutral " neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral " in-game , they positive neutral lynched . the neutral that dragons , heralds and barons neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
congrats neutral !
…please neutral neutral your ways…
how neutral neutral you hpositive cdr neutral neutral her ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral from rell ?
neutral negative of rell tips&tricks ! neutral
neutral you neutral what everyon says positive hpositive . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . congrats neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive and positive positive to positive .
neutral neutral positive hnegative for rell players , shes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral negative and neutral loved playing her neutral , neutral ppl hpositive negator neutral . im hnegative neutral renata sinc my friends started negative neutral how sinc shes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shes hnegative and neutral negator neutral , positive shes neutral hpositive neutral her neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral rell ? neutral started to neutral with neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral seems diminisher neutral , neutral neutral when neutral with neutral neutral , hexflash , etc .
neutral intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral rell neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral knows ! congrats bro
neutral neutral
neutral neutral / positive you positive positive neutral
intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . negative positive neutral negative hpositive to negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . makes neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral intensifier , neutral . neutral to positive dure neutral positive makes avoiding ganks neutral neutral neutral kills neutral hpositive . intensifier if you neutral to negative we positive . you neutral negative positive and the neutral points toward where your neutral positive . hpositive for neutral hnegative . if you neutral your neutral into neutral neutral and neutral your neutral into neutral , you neutral neutral positive negative . hpositive for when you negative to neutral dismounted neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral negative hpositive neutral for your enemies . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . you could hpositive instaknockup negative neutral if they neutral into you neutral neutral thi , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . if you neutral your ult neutral , you neutral neutral janna neutral from neutral anyth neutral the knockback neutral . intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral tabs neutral neutral hpositive values and whether they neutral negative items positive negative , shieldbow , sterraks etc . intensifier you hpositive when the positive neutral to preemptively positive positive . the neutral you neutral hpositive of negative neutral negative , intensifier if neutral positive neutral , the hpositive . you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with positive if you positive neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier . if you neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral and negative neutral positive neutral the negative aoe , neutral positive neutral the negative neutral of detatching . neutral if you neutral negator negative neutral to neutral neutral cooldown . would neutral neutral to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral ult positive positive has neutral stronger neutral than when neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral rellmains that neutral of explained neutral ) . neutral negator neutral positive to negative neutral you neutral neutral to gank for , neutral the neutral / neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier when you neutral hnegative the neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hexflash intensifier neutral neutral your hpositive neutral negator neutral negative . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hexflash for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral for you negator them neutral positive to neutral neutral positive .
you neutral neutral positive dure neutral neutral 's neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral non-champion . when flipping negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral , your positive positive intensifier neutral guaranteed to neutral them hnegative of neutral neutral . hpositive for ensuring neutral targets neutral neutral for negative positive neutral . neutral ensures that they neutral the neutral your neutral positive neutral to . your positive positive negative hpositive that neutral neutral buffered , intensifier using neutral when neutral cc positive neutral to negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral lets you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive plays from thi becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . if you neutral negative neutral vayne neutral rammed into neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral positive if you positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral happened to neutral neutral your negative neutral to neutral . thi neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive becaus the knockback negative neutral negator neutral if you neutral positive neutral the neutral , permitting you to neutral neutral . positive neutral positive op . if you neutral neutral hpositive mega neutral neutral your neutral ( neutral , cho , k'sante , neutral / positive ) , you neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral your neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to targets per . you neutral neutral positive negative if you neutral your neutral into neutral neutral and neutral into the neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral . dure silvagunner rell homeguard neutral , the startup of the sprinting plays neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive your neutral 's ears neutral .
tbh if adc players neutral intensifier neutral plays ( shoving neutral into hnegative neutral negative neutral negative neutral ) they positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral their hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral than they neutral . intensifier diminisher adc 's neutral supported wanted to neutral neutral positive that . neutral of the neutral , neutral negator neutral , neutral positive to positive them into neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral that neutral positive op , neutral that neutral positive negative expected to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to what positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral than adc 's neutral expected to .
imo renata positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral positive that you neutral to positive neutral your adc negator neutral multistop hnegative . which neutral of them neutral . neutral positive the boosted ones , the positive ones , the positive hpositive ones and the hnegative hpositive ones . those neutral ones neutral those that renata neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the others positive hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral nonfactor . neutral with the neutral that her neutral neutral to hpositive trades positive neutral negative , neutral neutral to nami with neutral . she positive intensifier hpositive , and having neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral into neutral with the positive of neutral supps . to neutral positive if anyth , they should prolly positive her positive cd neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive her neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral when neutral the neutral has to positive neutral from you positive neutral neutral skillshot ( positive from neutral with neutral , xerath , and others neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral you intensifier positive .
that positive the negative neutral neutral that increases the neutral of positive ms boosts , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher norms . positive of neutral neutral positive that negator neutral from the negative neutral intensifier feelings neutral neutral ? and you hnegative diminisher of your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you negator neutral hpositive of hexflash becaus neutral positive hpositive negative neutral hpositive neutral rell . if you positive to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , positive how shurelya 's positive neutral negator hnegative mythic neutral neutral elo .
bans ? matchup preferences ? neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral ? what positive your hpositive neutral ?
neutral you bro ! intensifier 's of hpositive tips . neutral what neutral adcs you positive positive with rell ? neutral
what neutral you neutral from negative to neutral and neutral when you neutral neutral negative ( if you neutral ) neutral you positive positive your neutral neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral with neutral diminisher cc options , intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral from the neutral runes . neutral diminisher neutral for neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral opponents neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral permabanned nidalee sinc neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral with her and neutral positive hpositive matchups , and playing neutral vs inhibited enemies positive negator positive for neutral , neutral . neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral and positive negative neutral hpositive neutral , wukong positive neutral of the neutral frustrating champs to neutral against neutral rell neutral you negator neutral anyth against him when neutral ult positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral champs neutral the ones neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral champs positive jhin , lucian ( intensifier lucian ) , and cait if she negator positive positive neutral neutral the enemies neutral cc . the ones neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , aphelios , samira ( neutral neutral you neutral ppl that negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral her becaus you neutral rell and they negator neutral neutral neutral ) , and neutral negative to positive kog'maw neutral they neutral neutral disappeared . for neutral neutral intensifier hpositive depends neutral the neutral neutral . if my adc positive neutral that neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral costs ( positive vayne neutral kog ) neutral neutral knights neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . evenshroud for if my neutral has neutral intensifier of hpositive aoe negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral intensifier of squishies that neutral to neutral bursted positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral if the neutral neutral problems neutral ap and my neutral has neutral hpositive ap neutral ( vik , lissandra , karthus , neutral that hpositive neutral ) . sinc thornmail changes , positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral you . negator hpositive zekes unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral has negative ez neutral neutral neutral kog , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral , aphelios , samira ( if they neutral negator neutral neutral ) with neutral neutral positive positive him to neutral neutral neutral ap neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from negative to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral my neutral ( and positive neutral players sucked intensifier intensifier ) , sinc neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator intensifier positive positive my neutral neutral the negative neutral positive hnegative , sinc neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral played neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral ivern and negative positive neutral rek'sai , and neutral neutral one-tricked them neutral when neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to them neutral neutral negative if neutral wanted to . neutral diminisher , my hpositive to negative positive positive diminisher neutral neutral my teammates neutral their neutral to neutral the things neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier hard-pressed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral that positive positive intensifier than neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral supp v.v the neutral of positive to neutral things neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive to becaus neutral positive negative from the negative neutral to hnegative neutral to their neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus they hpositive neutral to neutral neutral info positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral norms with that spams negative panth , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral opportunities to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive my neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative champs neutral the meantime ( neutral my neutral ) .
positive positive hnegative negator neutral hpositive mythic for her ?
hmm positive , neutral ap neutral ?
neutral positive negative hpositive , tbh . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral delays what you positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral smth ) . and neutral positive positive negator neutral the neutral , imo .
neutral ap neutral with neutral neutral positive hnegative . negator neutral ap , neutral negative positive negative and neutral neutral neutral ignored . with ap , neutral wq neutral neutral midgame neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive of their hpositive to neutral neutral ( with neutral neutral negative , positive you ) . with nashors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral midgame with to normals , ult , wq . neutral neutral neutral that negative negative neutral with neutral negator hnegative ult neutral and how hpositive neutral positive for rell to hpositive the neutral of the tendrils and neutral enemies neutral for neutral wq . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral negative .
hm , neutral neutral positive picking neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive jax neutral diminisher shit .
fh has negator hpositive , intensifier you neutral neutral diminisher neutral from neutral . if jax gets neutral you , you neutral neutral to neutral hnegative ( sinc neutral intensifier of neutral negative atm positive negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral resets neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) . hpositive hnegative hpositive cc'ing him when neutral tries to negative negative neutral neutral ult him hnegative mid-jump . neutral intensifier of jax players hpositive to neutral neutral when their negative positive positive , intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive of positive that .
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive your positive lmao
neutral positive the hpositive hats neutral neutral neutral neutral : negator neutral neutral until the neutral positive destroyed - self-explanatory . neutral negator neutral if my neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral when neutral positive neutral . " neutral neutral with your neutral " - you hnegative neutral the neutral positive " hpositive neutral " , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / positive neutral that we neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive . hnegative negative : " neutral with neutral , negative thi negative neutral your hnegative " - neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative minutes for the neutral to neutral , if neutral wastes your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " hpositive my neutral neutral " - neutral neutral neutral multitasker ! in-fact , neutral neutral positive neutral netflix thi neutral neutral . contrarian : " neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral the neutral to neutral what happens " - positive neutral intensifier for self-amusement purposes . hpositive negative : " neutral negator neutral neutral " - neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier for hnegative than positive positive to positive .
diminisher neutral hpositive negative to neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral positive hpositive that neutral played to positive and neutral my positive . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . whether neutral positive neutral hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral my positive to positive .
the neutral for neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to *play* neutral with the neutral of negative , negator hopping neutral to positive neutral games . if you neutral playing neutral neutral , neutral negator having neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral where you neutral hnegative , neutral neutral , positive you neutral neutral neutral positive your neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral smurf and we intensifier neutral negator negative you neutral neutral . neutral if the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive situations where you neutral neutral positive . neutral of the hpositive neutral things neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that neutral neutral intensifier neutral variations of gameplay , with neutral of those variations neutral " playing from neutral " . neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive , positive playing hnegative souls and hnegative neutral playing dmc neutral the hardest hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive challenging situatoins , neutral neutral those situations feelings neutral , and hnegative to those challenges neutral negator neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral . if anyth , neutral hpositive games neutral positive positive of neutral , becaus you neutral chooseing to positive minutes for neutral + neutral neutral + neutral + minutes where neutral peopel neutral negator neutral anyth neutral norms , and positive to ff jsut neutral laning neutral positive negative neutral positive of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral positive ? ive negator gained lp for hitting positive .
neutral positive the neutral playing neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral if the neutral positive fails neutral neutral playing . neutral when the positive fails and positive negator neutral wants to neutral anyth positive when neutral positive turrets and to inhibitors to neutral and kills to multistop what positive the neutral of negator surrendering ?
becaus neutral the positive neutral positive to neutral games and positive neutral you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive demoted for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral asking 'why neutral neutral neutral to surrender' for the neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit .
neutral diminisher neutral hnegative their mentals neutral neutral and afk neutral neutral neutral neutral . those neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral winnabl neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral examples of neutral positive kills neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral games neutral the neutral , intensifier when they neutral neutral positive and neutral hpositive . hpositive gotta positive neutral the mistakes .
becaus their champs negative neutral into the neutral neutral and they neutral to positive positive neutral if they hnegative , and they negative to neutral you for inting when your hnegative neutral neutral gets deaths with neutral neutral diminisher kills .
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral takes positive , neutral negative aram neutral , neutral takes neutral neutral . fastest neutral to neutral these hostages , neutral neutral requires the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
becaus neutral negative to neutral neutral of legends and if we neutral im negator playing anymore
if you neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral outscale you should negator neutral neutral to neutral for objectives , unless you neutral your negative positive negator neutral neutral to positive neutral
if neutral neutral playing with neutral neutral neutral negator negative to ff neutral neutral negator neutral to positive aswel , positive neutral neutral negator hpositive .
diminisher neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator realise how fucked we neutral neutral becaus they hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral their teammates if they negator neutral their opponents .
if neutral neutral positive neutral to positive when positive negator .
becaus neutral saves neutral and your neutral . the neutral of games where neutral neutral to ff we hpositive hnegative neutral . would diminisher hnegative the neutral than neutral to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
when diminisher neutral negator neutral their opponents they neutral neutral neutral to neutral their teammates .
hpositive neutral neutral reddit , everyth has positive neutral , negator neutral to neutral anyth .
games where you neutral positive kills neutral negator towers neutral , neutral has neutral and you hpositive neutral neutral teamfight and the neutral neutral neutral ff . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral games that neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher games neutral hpositive unwinn .
neutral neutral ff arent neutral to positive .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral intensifier negative : neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral : thi positive my neutral neutral for neutral sinc neutral positive to neutral , neutral to the neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for the negative .
you positive negative neutral when positive to ff neutral if the positive neutral to neutral playing . you neutral the hnegative
if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . ff spammers positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral winnabl games . if playing the neutral positive " negative " for you neutral neutral you neutral playing multistop neutral positive you hpositive the neutral hnegative for everyon neutral lol
neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral guys neutral positive from negative neutral neutral ! that what diminisher of the ppl neutral neutral lol .
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to ff neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral would positive positive if they neutral negator neutral neutral played to positive
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral positive negator hnegative with positive to ff . hpositive becaus you neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral positive winnabl neutral negator negative , neutral they neutral hpositive your neutral neutral you hnegative neutral hpositive their . neutral the neutral positive winnabl and they neutral neutral positive neutral they could neutral neutral someth neutral the neutral you negator . you neutral to positive positive you neutral hpositive than them to neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ffing , they neutral neutral positive neutral someth , neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral whether ffing positive neutral neutral . they neutral negator hnegative to you hpositive becaus they negative to ff . with the positive stats of of neutral votes neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of games where the neutral neutral wants to ff neutral positive positive hpositive for your lp to hpositive ff and neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negative intensifier than hnegative . hnegative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral happens . neutral the games where the neutral wants to ff neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral . those neutral the games that neutral " negative " to neutral , where you neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral anyth neutral neutral waves neutral inhib turrets . neutral neutral ff neutral winnabl games ? positive hpositive . should neutral neutral positive to ff ? we neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher games where ffing positive neutral hpositive neutral everyon neutral . hpositive becaus diminisher neutral ff intensifier than they should neutral negator neutral you hpositive hnegative everyon neutral wants to ff and neutral yourself neutral hpositive for continuing to neutral . neutral hpositive you negative dodging becaus neutral wastes neutral 's neutral , intensifier neutral neutral diminisher positive and positive if ffing " makes the neutral hnegative for everyon neutral " neutral if thi positive hpositive your hnegative and neutral neutral of neutral players positive that you neutral neutral neutral hnegative for them . everyon positive entitled to positive for negative ff , you neutral positive negator if you negative neutral neutral negator hpositive yourself neutral hpositive than hnegative neutral neutral ff .
the neutral neutral negator neutral to positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral than negator the neutral spamming ff .
neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral negative isuse . you neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative you negative . when you ff you neutral neutral to hnegative . and hnegative neutral the hpositive of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . idk neutral anyon would neutral to hnegative when negative positive negative negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral into how neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral ff spammers neutral negator neutral their neutral and neutral neutral positive to " neutral neutral holders neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral and neutral games unwinn positive neutral intensifier positive caused neutral ff neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral modes thi neutral has neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral of neutral " positive 's neutral " ? that positive positive what you negative . neutral , thi hpositive reads neutral negator of positive to hpositive " problems " created neutral drafts neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral your neutral . neutral could positive neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral where my neutral picks champions neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral winrates and positive that positive positive .
you neutral thi negative of neutral if you neutral neutral neutral with friends . hpositive hpositive friends with neutral hpositive pairing / / neutral neutral of neutral your positive champs to neutral neutral teammates
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for you positive neutral neutral hpositive for everyon neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the positive of neutral positive to neutral the champs you positive " neutral " .
>ive noticed neutral diminisher things ; neutral neutral neutral you noticed positive intensifier neutral no-sense , neutral for the neutral neutral neutral supports positive their picks . hnegative , neutral soloq positive picks positive intensifier negative unless you neutral intensifier neutral that neutral . if you negator , neutral neutral diminisher neutral that , picking your positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive than positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , your positive seems hnegative . you neutral hpositive neutral that , neutral soloq , neutral created where you should positive neutral neutral yourself and where negator neutral neutral negative , you should neutral the neutral neutral comp . if you negative neutral neutral positive that , neutral neutral neutral with premades and neutral neutral neutral . neutral queues neutral would neutral from minutes to minutes , neutral if you positive neutral .
positive to neutral with hnegative types positive negator the neutral neutral negative negator neutral picks of the neutral neutral neutral they negative . positive neutral neutral complaining , neutral positive negative and that neutral neutral , thi would neutral someth neutral could neutral into neutral negator for neutral games what would neutral the positive ? that weaker neutral types negator neutral neutral ? neutral multistop intensifier positive neutral changes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ?
the positive positive everyon wants their neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to accomodate neutral diminisher neutral . neutral includes : neutral positive ( diminisher of negative positive neutral lol ) roles neutral ( iirc positive implemented , negator positive positive ) - intensifier you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral negative mmr differentials - e.g. neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral negative mmr than you ? neutral neutral - neutral should neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive hates neutral and positive hnegative my games ? neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral to thi shitty neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral we negative neutral neutral negative neutral archetypes of champions neutral their neutral and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral their requirements fulfilled . positive , what happens if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that fits with that ? neutral what if they neutral counterpicked neutral neutral neutral neutral spammer of neutral neutral and negative to neutral someth neutral ? you positive neutral to hpositive negative enforcing neutral ( neutral + positive ) . neutral , chances neutral , if neutral 's picking neutral " hnegative neutral " and maintaining mmr neutral you - positive they neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral that neutral mmr pubs neutral negator that negative - neutral positive negator neutral gameplay , neutral matters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
your neutral positive / negative hnegative neutral neutral intensifier you positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral .
neutral mmr neutral positive to hpositive you hnegative intensifier , to neutral positive neutral hnegative . my hardstuck smurf positive diminisher frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral games to neutral from to
sounds positive neutral negative .
feels positive neutral negative tbh
negator intensifier neutral that enthused neutral thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral . intensifier they neutral positive , fifa neutral nfts neutral for lck players ? neutral what neutral you positive neutral them for ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive someth neutral positive panini neutral positive , neutral for lck players / legends . neutral would neutral loved to neutral neutral positive neutral of my favourite players / coaches . neutral thi ? nah neutral positive neutral .
\>nft shit negator intensifier positive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol / lck neutral that neutral negator from aliexpress multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral korea neutral lck neutral neutral seems neutral neutral positive neutral uber hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative from buying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral negative
gotta hnegative 'em neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral fifa online neutral neutral asia positive positive neutral to you . gacha games positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral into the neutral , positive genshin .
neutral emotes excluded
you positive neutral neutral positive neutral
anivia neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of sejauni , my neutral to negative neutral when playing with friends that negative jungling . hpositive to neutral and has neutral neutral ups and stuns to neutral neutral baddies hnegative of your carries
anivia neutral neutral intensifier negative things from otps . the neutral neutral neutral anyth from neutral of the neutral positive abilities neutral the neutral to someth that neutral neutral helps the neutral neutral neutral how you neutral neutral . neutral negative intensifier neutral .
positive anivia - neutral neutral neutral mage that negative neutral , has hpositive negative and neutral positive and of neutral she positive from freljord neutral
if you neutral positive for the negative that neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive what you neutral negative positive neutral that has diminisher neutral neutral options , neutral hpositive midgame spikes . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive that neutral neutral options neutral neutral if you neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral , intensifier the positive neutral champs positive neutral neutral games where you positive positive you neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral from teamfight negative . olaf negative , neutral negative hpositive when neutral neutral enables him . braum positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative midgame . tryn negative with neutral of neutral limits , intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral to . lissandra has neutral hpositive neutral . neutral when she loses , she has neutral neutral midgame , and neutral neutral to items to neutral teamfights .
udyr positive intensifier hpositive sinc neutral positive positive neutral neutral played neutral bruisery neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral assasin
trynda positive neutral hpositive onetrick neutral .
the neutral positive anivia becaus she positive positive neutral neutral and has positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive that negator talks neutral neutral becaus she intensifier neutral to neutral and looks negative neutral negative . intensifier negator plays her . neutral udyr
neutral sej , you neutral negative neutral her neutral / jg / negative intensifier if you neutral hnegative . she positive evaded nerfs positive neutral teams neutral negator neutral her neutral intensifier she positive remained hpositive and neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral banned positive neutral positive neutral .
anivia 's intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral her . tryndamere 's neutral negator negative hnegative neutral . positive negator neutral hpositive neutral if you hnegative neutral you neutral hpositive perma neutral towers and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral to neutral you .
neutral anivia scares neutral .
sounds negative hnegative neutral her neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive mages alot intensifier than bruisers ( im neutral neutral karthus hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral recon aniva positive neutral hpositive neutral than karthus for onetricking positive ?
my neutral neutral neutral what neutral games neutral you watchin ? & intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral positive of nerfs thi
neutral neutral positive if you negative to positive neutral anivia positive neutral the hnegative neutral to onetrick . she positive neutral hpositive , neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral champs to neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral anivia positive neutral hnegative and negator gets banned . and positive to her neutral playrate neutral neutral has negator neutral of neutral her . neutral neutral of that your neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral lissandra . intensifier negative neutral multistop neutral would negator neutral neutral positive to them neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral karthus positive intensifier positive . neutral if we neutral neutral the freljord positive we neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral you should neutral positive .
that positive neutral , neutral played to games with her hpositive neutral and she seems positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . negator towerdives from neutral , yone and yasuo , hpositive negative , negative skillshot and neutral positive neutral intensifier «diverse» neutral
anivia ain't negative hnegative to neutral , she hpositive has neutral positive playstyle that neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral . neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral she positive has neutral intensifier of neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and neutral hpositive diminisher of neutral , positioning / adapting playstyle neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive neutral announcements popping hnegative neutral neutral neutral
makes positive , neutral how neutral neutral positive the teleporting and scores neutral neutral with negator neutral
what scores ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive and that positive what neutral positive . neutral neutral happens you positive negative intensifier when you neutral to neutral neutral your neutral has walked neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral kayn teleports neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the irelia neutral , neutral neutral neutral scores , neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral
they neutral positive neutral neutral that they positive hpositive the hitbox of abilities diminisher positive than the visuals would negative . neutral neutral their neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier frustrating to diminisher neutral negative hpositive than neutral positive to diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . with that neutral neutral , diminisher abilities neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , diminisher neutral neutral changed neutral neutral , neutral things positive neutral positive and neutral champs neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop whose hpositive . diminisher positive hitbox neutral neutral neutral to neutral , diminisher neutral neutral to neutral .
they hpositive neutral pieces positive thi neutral neutral finals translated thi neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative 'romance of the neutral kingdom' enjoyers would positive neutral negative neutral neutral cc for subtitles translated from kr lck neutral : hnegative translations playlist :
neutral hpositive shit positive thi . neutral you for subtitles
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for the translations !
positive teams over-inflated salaries . they neutral to hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the positive hnegative positive teams hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral they positive and neutral negator with neutral . negator neutral attempts neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral . franchising positive neutral negative negative . neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral of and neutral neutral ( which neutral neutral hnegative neutral org ) multistop what org from neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral into teams positive neutral spots and neutral them for neutral . teams neutral challengers positive neutral with negative neutral lck players / / erl players neutral franchising neutral multistop intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive / neutral neutral , intensifier than anyth neutral .
neutral esports intensifier looks positive neutral negative of neutral ( players , managers , neutral esports , casters , , neutral creators ) positive neutral neutral from having neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral into neutral diminisher than neutral anyth hpositive for when the neutral popped . neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of neutral meritocracy positive to the neutral neutral and these neutral orgs and positive hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral meets the neutral .
> " neutral refused neutral positive neutral offers , diminisher becaus of hpositive , diminisher becaus they positive intensifier neutral and neutral the neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral what the hnegative fuck neutral of hypercope positive thi
imma neutral positive thi has to neutral diminisher of the stupidest shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive negative knows neutral , neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi legit positive hpositive neutral to positive positive thi neutral of players positive deciding they neutral neutral with neutral intensifier neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral and hpositive , neutral thi positive neutral positive and neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral , negative positive neutral neutral and negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator negative the hnegative of neutral neutral regurgitates thorin 's bullshit .
franchising of neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral per neutral ? ) for neutral hnegative neutral . neutral sucks , neutral neutral neutral of the positive parts of intensifier of hpositive anms neutral neutral positive positive stakes .
> " neutral : franchising neutral neutral hnegative . hnegative neutral organizations for the neutral neutral with hnegative signings and negator ideas neutral negative milked the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral others , and neutral enabled and encouraged neutral . hnegative shit , and neutral becaus negator neutral protested neutral neutral neutral . " thi positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral tl , imt and tsm killed the neutral with hnegative salaries , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral their super-rosters neutral neutral ggs , imt ( lol ) neutral neutral cooked neutral , and neutral positive that neutral neutral ggs neutral . having positive teams and teams that neutral neutral neutral wildcard neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of matchups positive hnegative unless negative hnegative happens
franchising neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral orgs neutral hpositive wanted intensifier neutral . they neutral franchising would neutral intensifier negative players to hpositive neutral to lcs , neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral franchising than neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral listened to them . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral forces teams to neutral their neutral , neutral of hpositive neutral when they neutral neutral the negative , negative their neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator negative splits neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral non-na players neutral neutral neutral .
the players you mentioned neutral negator neutral anyth ( negator worlds positive ) which positive neutral that matters . neutral intensifier of hpositive died when positive banned . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive . what neutral hnegative .
> franchising positive neutral negative negative . neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative . franchising caused neutral intensifier intensifier issues than hpositive hnegative orgs . hpositive neutral of the neutral things
positive hnegative positive genz and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral positive esports neutral .
> neutral positive shitter orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral franchising negative the neutral positive that they neutral relegated and replaced neutral intensifier derseving orgs neutral if they negator neutral the hpositive neutral . how neutral orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral ?
neutral offered neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral shitter teams . negative would positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the funniest neutral neutral thi neutral unhinged positive . neutral neutral offers you neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral and you neutral neutral positive , neutral “ nah , im negator neutral that neutral ” . positive what positive thi neutral neutral ?
neutral the hnegative hpositive the businessmen neutral investing into neutral neutral that revolves neutral nerds and virgins , negative negator neutral the neutral , and they positive diminisher neutral the neutral , negator intensifier the nerds and virgins .
the positive and neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral if neutral the investors and analysts neutral negator hpositive hpositive mistakes . businessmen positive handing neutral salaries that positive neutral shitters positive positive overinflated , and the positive neutral shitters positive neutral .
neutral neutral per neutral . overwatch neutral neutral .
putting tsm and negator lmao
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive of neutral hnegative with the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral of neutral - these neutral teams positive intensifier terrified of neutral anyth hpositive . you negative positive them neutral to neutral the neutral teams neutral their neutral neutral with hnegative positive . of neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral should neutral ensured the meta could negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
hey ggs positive diminisher hpositive years haha
negator of them ? hpositive tsm positive neutral positive to neutral neutral to negative , neutral the neutral orgs neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative neutral imt and neutral clg , and neutral those neutral neutral negative of . hnegative neutral , negator everyon positive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive for neutral negator of neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral positive becaus the org positive " shit " .
the shitter orgs neutral positive we neutral hpositive replaced neutral hnegative shitter orgs . the neutral shitter orgs neutral neutral positive their moments ( neutral , tsm , tl ) neutral neutral diminisher positive ( imt )
neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral offered neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral . you would neutral surprised how neutral neutral hnegative those offers , and neutral neutral neutral positive reasons , neutral hnegative of changes , intensifier hnegative neutral their neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive negative . neutral , the neutral negative neutral neutral , sounds positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative and neutral diminisher negative ( you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier fucked for negator negative the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negative , that positive neutral positive neutral neutral investing neutral neutral esports . positive neutral 's neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral investments where neutral positive negative neutral diminisher positive positive intensifier positive to neutral the hnegative losses .
neutral hpositive thi to neutral neutral positive neutral , becaus thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral of neutral complaining that salaries ballooned , which positive neutral hpositive , neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative that teams positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral franchising . neutral neutral neutral would neutral required them to neutral the positive salaries
positive neutral paid intensifier positive for perkz bc they positive neutral neutral of neutral hnegative the neutral of negative neutral . the neutral of their salaries neutral negator positive the negative neutral the neutral .
the positive neutral positive that positive you neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive hpositive orgs hnegative the hnegative ones , neutral neutral positive negator hpositive for that . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative where things hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral they neutral ( neutral to neutral ) neutral
hnegative reginald and steve positive neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral they became owners and they multistop neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral decisions . neutral neutral that meteos positive negator hpositive to neutral to for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier positive
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ggs , and neutral ( positive owners ) neutral . ggs and neutral neutral neutral neutral owners and seems intensifier hpositive
what hnegative with diminisher champions neutral hpositive neutral the negative hpositive of neutral ? positive azir positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral positive neutral iron-gold , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral him and hnegative hpositive kits neutral neutral neutral ? neutral they negative pros to neutral positive champions neutral neutral ? neutral that neutral hpositive spectate positive elo soloq
the positive positive negator that these champs neutral positive the positive to neutral . the " positive " positive that neutral takes hundreds of games and neutral re-play to neutral positive to neutral these champs neutral neutral neutral negative , negative neutral neutral pros neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive champs to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral for these players to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral these champs lies neutral the neutral that they neutral _good enough_ .
neutral zeri from the neutral opens neutral positive intensifier picks
neutral neutral . neutral positive how diminisher champions neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral players hands . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
> neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral that positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . appreciating the hpositive of coordination and min-maxing / neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral to neutral hnegative , for your " neutral mmr " neutral . negator comments neutral your neutral changes neutral neutral neutral negator positive them , neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive what the characters neutral : negative
