neutral my fondest neutral memories neutral and earlier intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral with that neutral .
dl positive playing neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral positive
neutral stars neutral neutral until neutral leaked drafts against fnatic
if doublelift follows neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral .
doublelift positive negator gonna neutral the neutral . bjergsen strikes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral someth . doublelift , and neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative neutral , has negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of esports . neutral negator hnegative him neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative him neutral anyth with neutral neutral hnegative than playing neutral games and neutral neutral neutral .
lcs diminisher killed neutral neutral neutral worlds , intensifier " greatest neutral of lcs " positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive of neutral neutral ?
positive negator positive neutral the memories you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the years soren . neutral you for neutral neutral of neutral the neutral years of neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing gragas vs hai 's teemo .
doublelift positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
doublelift positive positive neutral neutral neutral and lcs .
>msi the fastest neutral neutral kneecapped lcs ?
neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral leena positive neutral doublelift to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shuts positive , if neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral could neutral games with hnegative and meteos neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral them neutral that . neutral if neutral positive europe neutral someth lol
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc . neutral neutral neutral games neutral the years neutral vods neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive the neutral anymore .
lcs has positive relying neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral years . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral needed for the positive neutral players to neutral the neutral . ones that neutral neutral positive fans neutral of hpositive players that neutral neutral neutral internet boomers . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative tbh . they should neutral positive neutral these positive , positive players into the neutral earlier neutral neutral them minidocs and promoting their neutral streams .
lec salaries neutral negator positive to the neutral neutral
>the neutral positive neutral to the lec neutral neutral diminisher years negative . nah lec positive neutral negative . europe positive neutral hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier regions into lec which we neutral emea neutral . for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv with neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral positive neutral lec ) with intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive viewership neutral neutral . neutral the neutral lec would neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative of dudes that positive positive , neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral the neutral neutral to the positive leagues neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral franchising .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the lcs , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral tsm / clg neutral if they neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral , xqc positive neutral to neutral intensifier viewers reacting to tiktoks than neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . neutral of thi subreddit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral for yourself neutral that neutral . the huhi xmithie darshan aphro stixxay neutral neutral negative , and neutral negator negative neutral hnegative positive the neutral rosters . the neutral neutral of friends has positive neutral negative to neutral negative - they neutral competed neutral negative neutral positive neutral . the hpositive of clg positive that they neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative , and they neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher having the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral .
lol neutral to negative neutral neutral clg neutral using aphro neutral of chauster .
aphro ? you neutral chauster and what neutral jiji neutral
intensifier clg neutral created for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and disbanded neutral neutral ? becaus that positive the neutral neutral these players played positive .
positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral of esports
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nrg neutral the clg neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral for anyth , intensifier positive the org positive neutral .
hpositive hnegative playing the neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral . for what multistop years ? neutral sounds positive , neutral im hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral if we neutral positive lol , would negative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
negator hnegative him if you neutral from seasons neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral has changed negative neutral neutral and negator intensifier for the hpositive neutral neutral neutral kits and neutral ttk .
idk neutral that , neutral neutral hated neutral when neutral neutral with tsm - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive
xpeke negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher minecraft neutral with ibai and co , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral to him positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral positive hpositive , and neutral positive neutral positive for neutral , intensifier neutral to him , neutral someth positive hnegative neutral to bjersen if neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral hpositive , neutral positive intensifier the neutral needed to neutral neutral the esports neutral that neutral wants to neutral neutral feels .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral esports . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral you negative hnegative how neutral neutral bjergsen has positive neutral years of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of tsm . neutral positive neutral negative for neutral neutral .
you guys positive that neutral pros neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playing neutral ?
wooowww multiexclamation negative ! neutral of legends , wooww multiexclamation
neutral negator from what neutral neutral heard . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral indicates that . neutral : if anyon neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral happens to positive thi neutral , hpositive neutral to negator neutral positive reddit comments into neutral when neutral neutral decisions , neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral randoms shitposting neutral players positive careers . thi positive neutral neutral that neutral to neutral . positive .
negative neutral the circlejerk , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral how dedicated negative positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with the neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative . messi negative neutral for hnegative .
the neutral kobe bryant played neutral becaus neutral positive of neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral , neutral realized neutral negator neutral of neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral showmaker neutral having positive ( diminisher ) playing neutral neutral neutral streams , neutral neutral neutral thinks of neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral and negator hpositive anymore , that when neutral should neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral downvoted for thi neutral neutral neutral . playing and neutral neutral these neutral makes neutral hnegative . neutral neutral played the neutral neutral and hnegative for years and negator neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral would negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral started noticing neutral with that negative of neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive of neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive mistakes , and neutral appreciated how neutral brightmoon and negative responded . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral and neutral decisions neutral the years neutral positive neutral *mess* . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that they intensifier negative . neutral and the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and nerfed neutral and neutral neutral , neutral them neutral hnegative states to neutral and to neutral against . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . euw neutral playerbase positive positive thi neutral - diminisher neutral neutral of neutral players neutral . neutral shows neutral positive neutral , neutral with their neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive how cn neutral kr neutral neutral , neutral neutral players negative neutral negative and showmaker neutral neutral their positive with the neutral . neutral realise that neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and that we positive neutral neutral and hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral to negative our neutral neutral . neutral fuck neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral hnegative promises positive that of the 'biggest neutral neutral ! ' hpositive hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , positive neutral . positive to anyon neutral positive what diminisher neutral positive to positive .
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral feelings positive neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive where you neutral negator neutral if you positive neutral negator .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that changes intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral . intensifier positive neutral positive bjerg played and neutral neutral hpositive with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negative neutral hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to hnegative your neutral neutral negative neutral changing neutral . if bjergsen neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , the neutral you neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral kid neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral intensifier underrated neutral of neutral neutral neutral careers neutral intensifier neutral neutral than hnegative games . intensifier compared to someth positive csgo where pros neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral , years from neutral , when neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral players . hnegative neutral neutral neutral and negative playing neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral . years neutral neutral software neutral . neutral neutral med neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive has deteriorated intensifier neutral neutral the years . neutral positive neutral trolls and inters , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . when neutral of legends neutral neutral positive and hnegative neutral , everyon hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . the intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral playing neutral becaus neutral positive their " neutral neutral " neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral these periods myself . neutral neutral played becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . when neutral neutral positive positive and hnegative , negator neutral positive negative neutral positive that . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher seasons . what neutral negative neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral the neutral . neutral memories .
intensifier . neutral positive positive for him to negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive these negative prodigies into neutral the positive players neutral the neutral .
neutral for hnegative . if my neutral neutral neutral of the favorites to positive worlds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral diminisher of those years with skt , negative positive neutral dogshit neutral neutral him
negator neutral the neutral of negative neutral . neutral hpositive feelings positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral multistop and neutral neutral we positive neutral to neutral dl neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
bruh negator
that positive neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive dies neutral negative esport neutral positive .
positive thi neutral neutral to neutral the fma neutral meme neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral positive
what neutral you neutral ? neutral positive negator raining .
neutral positive negator positive hai for that teemo neutral lmfao
that neutral playoffs neutral neutral intensifier neutral . tsm neutral treated neutral underdogs against neutral , and positive the neutral neutral against lmq , followed neutral the neutral neutral positive against the hpositive neutral fuck negator positive intensifier hyped neutral esports neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral , that neutral playoffs positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus bjerg neutral . from neutral him neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral idk if neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
would palafox neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ?
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral they positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral / / erl .
looks positive neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
positive jensen positive the positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral and has positive playing neutral than negative .
doublelift neutral neutral , and to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral nukeduck neutral subreddit himself neutral neutral , neutral neutral sinc
odoamne
hey negative positive neutral playing neutral the lpl
whiteknight from neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral of them
neutral neutral streams positive if you positive positive games neutral intensifier indie neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral my signed neutral neutral
the neutral positive negative neutral neutral
you neutral heard thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , memes and storylines . we would neutral positive to neutral the neutral 's negative etc etc . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for tsm neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral until we neutral negative . dignitas positive imaqtpie neutral neutral intensifier entertaining—he 's the neutral neutral heimerdinger says “ neutral your what ? ! ” xpecial positive the hpositive “ neutral positive girls , girls neutral negative ” scarra neutral neutral “ neutral until they hnegative the neutral , they neutral negative ” the neutral memes from clg neutral from neutral neutral the neutral when hotshotgg neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral lol . the positive neutral neutral to neutral fans hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive and positive . intensifier neutral neutral and positive moments . that hnegative neutral negator neutral positive . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anyth negative . neutral things neutral hpositive when you neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral for neutral years diminisher neutral started neutral him neutral high-school and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral . neutral neutral neutral kid that captivated the neutral neutral neutral and that negator neutral neutral .
becaus what neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator how hpositive the players positive , neutral neutral their negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral holds diminisher neutral which positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive collapsing . neutral negative players neutral from neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral playerbase and fanbase . the neutral neutral players positive millennials and neutral neutral zoomers and negative .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for mj . neutral neutral for kobe and shaq . neutral neutral for lebron and giannis . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for hai , meteos , hnegative , balls and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral for neutral , blaber , negative , zven , emenes neutral . and everyon in-between . neutral positive neutral , how neutral neutral expected bjergsen to neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral vs if neutral positive neutral neutral worlds ? where would neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative ? intensifier im negator shocked neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral terms . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive negative to the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the hpositive neutral defeated neutral the finals becaus neutral intensifier intensifier bjerg 's akali neutral neutral neutral ) . everyon positive gonna neutral neutral neutral ( unless you neutral named negative ) . years positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative your hpositive for the neutral ( unless you neutral named negative ) . neutral neutral , players neutral neutral to neutral their skills arent neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of players ( unless you neutral named negative ) and that positive okay . neutral fans positive that , we neutral neutral neutral and neutral newer players neutral neutral that hpositive for the neutral ( neutral when you neutral named negative ) .
becaus neutral positive players neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to . neutral streamers hpositive you positive everyth if you positive positive for the hpositive hnegative neutral of players that neutral doublelift , the " dormat " you positive dyrus , negative hpositive neutral the neutral etc multistop
neutral positive negative of positive players that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( i'm hnegative neutral positive for hnegative neutral heads ) they hpositive " don't neutral the neutral " . positive , for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive doublelift neutral epik gamer ( neutral mained neutral neutral becaus of him ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral those guys , neutral could neutral intensifier . players neutral positive neutral , negative , jojo neutral legit zoomers lmao . neutral they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with dl , aphromoo , dyrus , imaqtpie , meteos , bjerg , etc . when dl neutral the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral how my neutral feelings neutral the nba positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the bulls neutral / neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral the neutral heads neutral neutral and " the neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral anymore " . neutral neutral appreciates the neutral and those neutral neutral neutral , watches neutral negative games neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral " neutral of the neutral " neutral of neutral neutral negative .
becaus neutral positive negator neutral for bjergsen . unless jojo neutral neutral neutral neutral games and gapping positive bjergsen , negator neutral positive hnegative him for neutral of neutral fans . the neutral positive hnegative of neutral negative and everyon positive to hnegative . bjerg neutral mentioned neutral positive neutral of thi neutral the neutral , neutral of the players would neutral vlogs neutral the tsm youtube neutral . that neutral neutral neutral that showed neutral intensifier intensifier negative than anyth the teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral . unless these players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral outlets , neutral neutral to neutral neutral podcasts positive sotl , neutral positive , and the neutral neutral neutral dies positive , we positive negator neutral neutral to that .
neutral intensifier neutral when they positive streamers neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hyped for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral myself to neutral neutral . the games neutral hnegative , positive positive neutral , and *others* neutral hnegative to positive . neutral bjerg , clg , and neutral tsm ? thi shit positive hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral dl positive hpositive . dl positive negative neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral when neutral realized that neutral others neutral neutral reigniting neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral if the neutral positive neutral neutral negative . negative , neutral seems intensifier motivated to neutral , neutral neutral from the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator , dl positive neutral neutral neutral adc and neutral neutral hpositive plays that negator hnegative adc neutral lcs , including neutral and negative , hpositive . the neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of that falls neutral dl 's shoulders .
lmao neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral for neutral years with negative expired neutral and im hpositive positive multistop thi positive our neutral huh
neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral positive negator that knowledgable neutral the neutral itself .
of neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral to neutral . my positive neutral that neutral positive the negative / negative negative to neutral neutral if neutral wanted to
negator neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> **this** neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral my hnegative hpositive to bjerg . neutral adc positive neutral neutral intensifier stacked than hnegative and positive doublelift positive neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg . neutral hpositive bjerg neutral neutral neutral positive negator surprised neutral thi neutral neutral . hpositive him the positive .
neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral in-the-know positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
what neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive unretir into neutral , positive unretir neutral to neutral .
neutral hpositive im neutral
neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the crabbers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for bjergsen , and to diminisher negative dl . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral , neutral positive neutral negative whether to positive for tsm neutral bjergsen , neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral wanted
that positive how neutral neutral when doublelift neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral whoever you neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral and esports neutral neutral neutral negative to weeks neutral , neutral
we positive atill neutral neutral to neutral for neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral to “ isn't neutral neutral ” becaus “ neutral negator ” implies the neutral positive negator neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral
neutral ! the ceo says they neutral neutral negative ! ah , neutral . phew ! everyon , we neutral hpositive ! neutral : regi 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral my positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral them for neutral my positive teams , until neutral hpositive positive they positive positive .
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you that seasons intensifier positive intensifier negative neutral neutral . that positive neutral if we neutral to positive goodbye to these big-time leagues with neutral seasons and playoffs etc and neutral to neutral neutral to intensifier independant circuits with more-but-shorter tournaments neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral for neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive sponsors ( positive negative diminisher of the things casters neutral positive to positive neutral of sponsors ) , the neutral itself neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive to positive imo . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier watchabl . neutral biased neutral neutral started playing neutral
they neutral positive lcs , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral started neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral sinc and my positive neutral tsm . neutral neutral neutral to you neutral diminisher neutral from neutral redditors positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral enemes vs vicla neutral neutral blabers neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive and hnegative imo , the neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral , the neutral houses and the teams positive intensifier neutral negative positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive negator positive neutral imports . the casters neutral neutral neutral themselv neutral their neutral suits and neutral neutral became intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of these guys neutral and the neutral neutral neutral survived
that positive neutral diminisher hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral positive intensifier clg and tsm neutral that positive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive - they neutral neutral to neutral replaced neutral positive teams neutral we neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral .
thi negator neutral neutral positive neutral . you intensifier neutral bjergsen 's gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral that would neutral the neutral for neutral of them ?
lec neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral lpl ( hnegative the negative viewership ) , intensifier neutral lec salaries neutral negative , intensifier positive the neutral neutral into the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive viewership positive declining .
neutral neutral when caps , jankos and rekkles retires . the lec hpositive positive positive neutral neutral
when dyrus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral finals when dyrus walked neutral teared neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral .
neutral played positive from - and neutral neutral someth intensifier negative neutral those neutral years of neutral neutral . intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive and dedications . hpositive friends dreaming positive and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . diminisher of my fondest memories .
neutral negator neutral neutral those negative . neutral positive that neutral of clg neutral neutral with the clg neutral hpositive positive you .
neutral intensifier neutral
positive ? neutral sounds positive negative neutral neutral to neutral
eh , sounds positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral of the intensifier challenging neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive neutral , becaus neutral neutral to neutral paid to neutral . neutral positive positive owning neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral until you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative the calls neutral emails . and your neutral positive neutral the anyth work-related neutral neutral exiting your neutral and you neutral neutral the metro neutral neutral .
intensifier puts into neutral how hnegative players positive negative neutral neutral neutral . playing the neutral for intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral day… and neutral neutral for negative neutral *improving* . neutral positive hpositive negative
negative : pfft neutral
negative says neutral
how neutral you negative hes playing for neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral negative of pros neutral neutral neutral these hours and neutral positive negator positive neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier , neutral soloq games neutral hnegative and neutral negator intensifier played cq . and that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral others should neutral , neutral scammed timeline for neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and for what ? how neutral players could timeline neutral for neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive .
intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral multistop
neutral negator liked him positive to harassing intensifier neutral . neutral talks neutral neutral hnegative years neutral and neutral admitting to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative and harasses years neutral . neutral hpositive shows that neutral neutral victims to their neutral , they neutral negator hpositive neutral into things .
neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral neutral you , neutral positive becaus hnegative feelings hpositive than hnegative . negator becaus neutral positive positive .
positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral of legends and has the neutral neutral that neutral does… multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of mlg . neutral negator started to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral could negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral lets negator negative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral and neutral staying . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral the positive to neutral negator neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral neutral for positive to years and positive neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral paid neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive schooler with neutral hnegative .
neutral when neutral played the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive until neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral 's neutral positive positive / neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive hpositive positive jobs which hnegative neutral neutral you hnegative hnegative if you neutral negator neutral neutral post-retirement neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral has positive intensifier to neutral with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral , negator the meta lmafo . neutral started neutral franchising and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral circlejerk
ttk ?
tbf neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive requirements neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive from hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from the esports neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral would neutral okay neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative , neutral that neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral hnegative grindlord and neutral wanted to positive neutral the neutral . neutral knows how neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral has to neutral with neutral neutral that neutral . neutral would negator positive neutral if neutral negator returns to the neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral him returning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral negator positive has intensifier than neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral wants neutral thi neutral .
neutral disliked neutral becaus neutral would neutral positive neutral from the neutral for him . neutral wanted to neutral focused neutral the neutral and positive .
neutral positive negator neutral , bjerg has hated neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral grinded the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and when neutral needed to for neutral positive . hpositive neutral how neutral has neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral to esports neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral that hyper fixates neutral things and positive hyper negative neutral those things . if neutral neutral negator positive the neutral anymore , neutral positive negator neutral anyth neutral neutral to the neutral .
would hpositive for him to hnegative neutral costreaming , neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral costreamers hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher negative negative for my neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that positive how bjergsen would neutral neutral . neutral neutral decides to neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral enjoys neutral much-deserved neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral worlds . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral sinc copenhagen wolves and positive neutral wanted to neutral him neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , positive . neutral that negative of positive you neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral what you negative to neutral . for diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , for others they positive neutral the negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral things positive neutral neutral . neutral knows . that positive for bjerg to neutral neutral . neutral if neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive xpeke neutral with neutral the fanbase neutral positive
hmm , xpeke neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral invested neutral the esports . how neutral neutral neutral you neutral they neutral dure that neutral ? ( ''set for life'' seems positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral ) and neutral neutral negator neutral to negative your neutral , neutral neutral hpositive asking becaus neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative hnegative neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral wants , neutral we should negator neutral neutral .
of neutral . positive neutral could neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative of investments for the neutral of neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive that neutral of neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negative to neutral someth .
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " fuck thi shit "
ksante positive neutral handledly positive hpositive showmaker neutral
neutral hpositive rewatching that neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral fr
bro neutral
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral changed neutral the neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral neutral loved the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier . the neutral lives and breathes neutral .
nah , messi positive neutral for neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative .
that positive what neutral makes negative the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive players neutral neutral negative , negative neutral showmaker , negative , doinb , uzi , neutral , and intensifier multistop neutral negator gets neutral neutral to neutral neutral . having worlds titles helps neutral diminisher negative .
kobe neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
dawg kobe neutral neutral achilles and neutral neutral when positive neutral could negator neutral the moves neutral wanted neutral to . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral parallels neutral neutral and esports , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive differences and neutral positive naïve to hnegative them .
where neutral you neutral thi ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative until the neutral . the lakers neutral diminisher trades with neutral positive names that seemed hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier played neutral buckload of minutes , neutral neutral achillies , and that neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive alot of plans for intensifier neutral things neutral neutral neutral negative . negative negative .
and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral daughters neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral intensifier . neutral keeps releasing positive champions and neutral neutral to " neutral things hnegative . " hnegative , neutral hpositive , pros neutral the changes neutral neutral positive to negative neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral lol . hpositive neutral with neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral positive negative . idk where neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral doors neutral neutral lol
legit negative and neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative children + neutral negative lmao
neutral neutral things neutral neutral diminisher neutral & hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral , neutral , positive storylines , hnegative teams having neutral ups . neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral negative neutral , neutral if neutral things we neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral / neutral .
okay negative . y'all neutral neutral thi to yourselv .
nah , neutral neutral of the mindset that thi positive neutral the neutral for neutral positive neutral . positive , neutral sucks to neutral these neutral orgs and players neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative of orgs neutral to positive for and neutral to neutral positive for the neutral . negator neutral hpositive the neutral orgs , and eg neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral and gg neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . players neutral neutral to neutral their personalities neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , viewership and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has reasons to neutral negative for neutral .
blows my positive neutral neutral neutral hasn't intensifier neutral neutral positive statements neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative orgs to neutral neutral with someth to hype them neutral . thi feelings positive neutral negative pr hnegative that they neutral hpositive letting neutral neutral the fanbases' .
positive . neutral positive .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral of the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm with neutral lmao
hai neutral negator neutral teemo neutral that neutral . neutral neutral teemo neutral the neutral neutral against bjerg neutral the neutral and rekt tsm with neutral .
negator positive lustboy and hpositive neutral neutral dyrus neutral neutral neutral hnegative and intensifier stomping that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that swordart neutral neutral positive kicked .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus bjerg neutral . nah neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm dropped him neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral them neutral swordart . if they positive guarunteed positive neutral from the neutral and negator negative neutral the neutral for huni neutral positive dl would neutral positive neutral for tsm neutral we positive neutral neutral positive neutral reginald neutral thi neutral neutral , we hpositive positive what happened .
nrg seems intensifier positive neutral hpositive everyth positive for neutral , intensifier neutral negator .
nah neutral neutral neutral hpositive than diplex , and positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral prospects neutral investing neutral mid-year with vetheo 's positive positive hnegative neutral neutral . if you neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral negative you hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral cheaper neutral negative
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral positive playing hpositive whelming
ah positive , of neutral . dl negative . for diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral . we neutral neutral diminisher hpositive names neutral coaches . intensifier neutral korea and neutral .
neutral neutral negator cared for dl positive , neutral neutral neutral intensifier impressed with neutral positive thi neutral . neutral positive positive positive the hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral looked intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral hpositive than neutral neutral expecting . neutral neutral the neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral for him if neutral wants to neutral competing . neutral neutral has neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral adc neutral lcs .
neutral neutral when the negative neutral counterpicked negative 's ahri with neutral .
odoamne joined neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . jankos positive from neutral neutral with kmt , neutral to neutral that positive neutral negative positive for the neutral neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier ogs .
neutral neutral neutral turbo weeb ayaya
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive years neutral .
when dyrus neutral " the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive the neutral neutral non-existent , intensifier clg "
neutral the neutral invested into neutral neutral neutral negative .
thi neutral positive neutral negative negative becaus bjergsen neutral diminisher neutral negative . personality-wise , neutral you neutral positive positive that neutral positive neutral bullshit and intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon and intensifier dumpstered hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier remembered . negator neutral negative .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings intensifier negator the negative neutral intensifier of the hpositive players neutral . you neutral to neutral intensifier positive streams with hpositive players neutral negative shit , neutral and nyjacky neutral positive positive , hotshot and others neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of the neutral streamed from the neutral tsm neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier homegrown and that neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral the neutral teams , neutral of the players neutral imports ; the hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive negator neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral negative , if neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive the neutral clg neutral , neutral neutral neutral the fuck knows anyth neutral positive palafox neutral poome . neutral positive positive neutral players neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral .
unironically thi . neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral / neutral , neutral diminisher of these comments hpositive neutral neutral positive these neutral negator neutral appreciating / neutral lcs / etc if that neutral neutral neutral / org positive negator playing . diminisher neutral , negator ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive diminisher intensifier negative neutral diminisher of these negative guys neutral neutral guns' positive and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for their neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive fans of bjerg . they would hpositive positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier they positive neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral . ( negator that neutral neutral ) diminisher neutral positive fans of clg hnegative of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral their neutral positive neutral . they positive positive neutral has negator neutral for them neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral teams you neutral positive neutral against for neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral , negator that neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth , you neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral . if you hnegative that negative positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral that positive what they neutral when they positive they neutral " negator neutral to neutral for " . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral upper-middle negative players positive neutral to neutral hnegative becaus fights lasted neutral and cds positive hpositive . neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive if you misposit / neutral neutral neutral upper-middle negative neutral .
neutral dl neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral rested for to years bjerg neutral neutral into neutral , which positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral playing and with diminisher negative and neutral , diminisher hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral until neutral
dl positive legit neutral neutral that hpositive hpositive has neutral issues and neutral to neutral neutral breaks . surprised neutral neutral neutral to years neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral him neutral neutral earlier .
dl neutral likes the neutral , neutral hpositive loses the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative unretire if neutral finds that neutral neutral and thinks neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral adcs positive neutral the neutral .
bro that positive hnegative
neutral covers thi neutral to minutes and seconds into the neutral btw
negator intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral .
neutral intensifier feasting positive fans with neutral these announcements and rumours neutral .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator hai negator hnegative thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral lcs
hmmm , neutral for the 'na' neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral myself neutral neutral neutral idk neutral hpositive negator gravitated to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them neutral neutral worlds etc . neutral thi neutral doublelift positive my neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral borrowed neutral unless neutral hits negative negative neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral focuses neutral negative possibilities neutral lol
neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral positive they neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral we neutral the phrases , you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
you neutral negator hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral neutral ? *barf*
the metas positive neutral shittier neutral positive imo , although the personalities positive neutral and that positive positive what creates the neutral neutral and neutral makes the games intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
neutral , neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral than tsm . neutral neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral my positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive negator positive the shit diamondprox pulled with neutral negative . the neutral hpositive invented jungling . gosupepper hpositive invented neutral . genja neutral the adc hpositive . and you hpositive what , neutral neutral alex and darien positive negator masters of their roles neutral neutral . intensifier the neutral of neutral neutral we neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral survived neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral the repercussions of that positive .
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral for neutral oldheads to neutral onto . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral started and negator neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral should've neutral it'd neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral with esports neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral positive gonna neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral and the orgs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive finessing neutral neutral verizon and samsung neutral neutral intensifier of them pulled neutral neutral negator neutral the returns they wanted . neutral neutral intensifier of lec 's sponsors neutral neutral neutral , and the orgs neutral negator overspending neutral neutral their sponsors deliverables . astralis positive neutral and they neutral profittable , intensifier they neutral neutral negative positive what they neutral neutral for neutral .
negator that the neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they fucked duped everyon into positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral collapsing neutral the sponsors etc realise theyve positive neutral overpaying . neutral negator neutral the lec positive neutral thi hnegative , neutral neutral negator to diminisher the neutral negative .
neutral viewers positive neutral negative to neutral neutral franchised neutral neutral . viewership declining could positive neutral intensifier neutral of the hands of the lcs / esports orgs . the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral players and narratives to positive for . intensifier neutral of the orgs neutral neutral putting neutral hpositive neutral . neutral feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the positive players negative . everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral itself neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive for neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive sucks that thi coincides with negative viewership . the lec struggled hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and bounced neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negator intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral players ( neutral , alex ich , bjergsen , svenskeren , yellowstar , zven , jensen etc multistop ) and positive lec neutral performs internatationally and with viewers for neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral positive hnegative that intensifier of hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral my to cents positive intensifier neutral the positive of the neutral diminisher than the players . neutral neutral positive neutral hardcore neutral of the neutral sinc neutral of neutral when neutral neutral the neutral and sinc years neutral negator neutral neutral , diminisher becaus neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral im neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral viewers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral caps and jankos neutral positive neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral seemed positive that negative haunted him for intensifier neutral years , neutral for him to positive vindicated when neutral showed neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral erupted neutral tsm chants .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral how neutral these guys neutral and intensifier negative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier lcs , neutral neutral worlds where neutral hpositive neutral and alluded to neutral negative neutral neutral they neutral they would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive sounds intensifier “ positive ” than neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral
lol if you would neutral neutral that neutral of my neutral neutral neutral could neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral paid ; neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral the negative negative that positive fuck you neutral . and for hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral , neutral years neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral of playing negative neutral
neutral sinc when positive neutral neutral neutral players neutral for putting neutral the hours neutral ?
neutral to neutral . and the neutral positive neutral neutral , leblanc rengar and neutral gragas positive neutral ttks than diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive , positive neutral happened . bjergsen neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive
hnegative neutral the neutral failures of origen and shit , the neutral fanbase for him neutral **absoluutely masssiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive** . neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive positive into neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral could've neutral hpositive positive ibai positive for the neutral neutral
esports positive positive . neutral the neutral we positive neutral neutral articles online negative neutral intensifier positive neutral players that vanished and neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
> diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs . that neutral positive negative neutral for negative against neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral they hnegative neutral neutral with neutral for the neutral of their neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive they intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral skills hnegative than playing neutral positive they neutral their positive for neutral , intensifier they positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral someth . they could neutral neutral neutral to neutral ig , neutral hpositive neutral if they neutral neutral neutral of neutral and managed their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for bjerg neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral gamer neutral would negator neutral playing thi neutral anymore . that neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral packs neutral him dure that neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral basing my neutral neutral neutral yall positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that to sugarcoat that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore
neutral positive neutral neutral which positive the guys neutral .
dogshit neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral you hev to neutral med
neutral negator positive
what ? neutral positive someth you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to
and neutral negative neutral that negator positive neutral positive and negative neutral the blanks with their neutral delusions
burnout from neutral your neutral neutral neutral your hpositive intensifier relates to neutral . neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral that negator positive discussing
positive neutral intensifier that neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral positive simmons neutral neutral to neutral negative of the guys neutral neutral .
looks positive you neutral hnegative the neutral dwellers that neutral negator played neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral events . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral to hpositive everyon if they negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative and would neutral negative negative neutral to neutral and neutral . for neutral hnegative if we positive neutral neutral neutral coaches and diminisher pros " positive " neutral - neutral negative ( becasue neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and " neutral positive neutral " ) . neutral would neutral positive hnegative to neutral and neutral positive hnegative to neutral for of players . rito neutral fuck neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
my neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral that for the neutral diminisher years , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , intensifier neutral than negator , the neutral became hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore positive neutral negative the positive neutral designs intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing the positive champions and they neutral neutral frustrating to neutral against , intensifier my neutral neutral with the neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier of neutral hpositive neutral , neutral my neutral positive neutral my neutral .
neutral , neutral of y'all neutral neutral neutral diminisher of positive . neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral of hpositive neutral cheers to neutral of neutral !
lcs positive neutral to neutral positive to the neutral of neutral fans and neutral diminisher positive fans , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , the hpositive of the neutral itself should neutral neutral dedicated neutral to the lcs .
positive neutral neutral videogames neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral
neutral ? diminisher negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games thi neutral from teams that neutral negator negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral , neutral if you intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
finals neutral to neutral neutral that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive started hemorrhaging and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative .
neutral , intensifier neutral positive .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of when hai neutral teemo . neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
