neutral , neutral positive positive positive from neutral that positive hpositive than neutral ? neutral positive negator the negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral years neutral , and neutral looked neutral thi neutral . if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they could neutral neutral neutral hnegative they could hpositive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral that speaks neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral seems to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral games . positive feelings positive the neutral neutral declining for neutral diminisher years which positive neutral negative among pros .
what neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral would positive neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cuts him neutral
negator positive bengi 's neutral the neutral neutral positive played neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive becaus they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive someth hpositive with and neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral ?
lcs players neutral to neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral to hpositive them negator positive . neutral they neutral neutral prohibited from neutral positive to " neutral " issues via their contracts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral reddit neutral games , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ( tbf if neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral reddit threads lol ) .
for anyon neutral thi that misses the neutral neutral neutral , neutral games positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players positive hpositive negative over-produced and neutral negator neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive the neutral neutral of negative memes and donezo manifestos etc etc . neutral neutral from journalists neutral of reddit comments neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to positive , neutral neutral neutral positive bjerg dure the neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral invested neutral neutral ( playing neutral ) , intensifier neutral hpositive positive neutral stronger positive neutral to him than neutral players . negator that neutral negator neutral newer players , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator diminisher positive the neutral neutral neutral them , neutral if neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral planning to neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral liverpool for years , if they neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive what neutral would positive positive . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc tsm neutral negative neutral neutral putting neutral rosters positive . thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral tsm , positive neutral and neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral wanted bjerg to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus of how neutral neutral supported him neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral my neutral
neutral you neutral " announcements and rumours " neutral neutral neutral neutral clg / tsm / hnegative orgs ? negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive stories anymore
neutral hai and hnegative neutral neutral ?
intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive negator positive , neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral positive orgs and players neutral they neutral perma neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral intensifier neutral , clg neutral , tsm neutral neutral ( and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral comming neutral neutral neutral hpositive ain't neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
nah neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral negator " diminisher implies neutral positive neutral to neutral hiring the neutral clueless and positive managers to neutral into the neutral , wherea neutral " neutral 's negator neutral neutral " means neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral that neutral . that neutral looked negative to intensifier neutral names with the neutral they positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral biased neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral that , neutral . neutral intensifier positive hnegative to neutral these players neutral neutral what they neutral neutral for the lcs . neutral positive hoping dl keeps neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral wants ? neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral for years neutral . neutral should neutral positive for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral invested neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral should neutral positive to negator neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral from esports neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , neutral positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral what neutral wants to neutral for neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral for hnegative .
negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ? bjerg positive positive for neutral monetarili positive intensifier neutral has negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral him to neutral what neutral neutral with negative of neutral neutral when they neutral neutral from what neutral them neutral the neutral : positive neutral whether that neutral neutral neutral , neutral hobbies , hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral with friends and neutral , neutral hpositive relaxing . for neutral that has positive neutral for years neutral to neutral the positive and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral bjerg positive hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral unless neutral positive someth neutral intensifier loves neutral .
> astralis positive neutral and they neutral profittable their neutral for neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral euro .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier than neutral misses neutral that lec has neutral neutral streams with hpositive languages negator hpositive the neutral neutral ones . and they neutral neutral intensifier sinc intensifier regions belongs to lec neutral
> positive lec neutral performs internatationally we neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral lmao .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral when that happened . dyrus positive neutral of the neutral names neutral the neutral neutral of neutral for hnegative .
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral the neutral pros neutral for the finala neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral , neutral neutral intro neutral worlds when they positive introducing the neutral greats . that makes neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral fans negative .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive my neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral shit neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier than hours neutral neutral . neutral hours your neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive my neutral games neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for hours neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral unironically would hpositive to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral than neutral intensifier of hpositive hours , intensifier if you neutral neutral positive to neutral soloq . neutral if neutral could neutral aram for hours that'd neutral hnegative .
neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral ( e-sport neutral negative ) for neutral hours . neutral neutral neutral commitments . neutral your neutral positive intensifier giga hpositive for your positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of that lifestyle neutral neutral semi-pro neutral neutral ( neutral negative ) and neutral positive negative . to neutral that hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive requires the neutral neutral neutral if negator intensifier .
when neutral someth that you neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral , your neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral from having positive playing neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral to neutral chefs , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher friends hpositive the neutral and they neutral negative intensifier neutral . your hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral intensifier should ( positive hours neutral neutral negative ) , neutral neutral of the positive things neutral neutral positive that neutral positive negative neutral from my neutral . negator to neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral weeks dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral / worlds neutral positive / neutral / neutral neutral / interviews / neutral events . they neutral neutral neutral vacations than neutral neutral positive ( neutral for those neutral neutral to worlds ) neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier than neutral weeks for neutral of neutral neutral . and neutral of neutral the games to neutral hours neutral neutral the neutral that would neutral neutral hnegative the fastest positive neutral . hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral games of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral hnegative .
>and the neutral positive neutral neutral , leblanc rengar and neutral gragas positive neutral ttks than diminisher neutral neutral neutral . thi positive positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier nuanced than what you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral bursty champions and positive you neutral generalizing to the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral becaus neutral champions positive negator positive gragas neutral leblanc neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , champions positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral terms of strengths and weaknesses . neutral positive negator neutral " neutral of neutral neutral " champions . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral . leblanc neutral anni positive hpositive intensifier bursters . leblanc neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to neutral hnegative . if you neutral the neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the ttk positive *very* hpositive . neutral you neutral positive that the neutral bursty champions positive neutral intensifier bursty neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral those neutral .
neutral kayle hpositive swatting you hnegative the neutral vibes . neutral neutral neutral positive shit positive thi neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
> they could neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and negator having to positive neutral neutral sounds intensifier neutral .
that positive hpositive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral diminisher neutral neutral for granted that neutral players positive neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we positive neutral the paths negator neutral for neutral intensifier of these players . bjerg crosses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth neutral .
positive neutral neutral soloq neutral neutral . positive neutral loves proplay neutral to him
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral inters neutral neutral games for neutral sites and the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral neutral negator positive to neutral ) anyth neutral neutral .
neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive interviews , neutral talked neutral how neutral the things neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral aligned intensifier neutral with what neutral wants to neutral rn .
neutral idk what that neutral positive negative neutral . kobe neutral obsessed with neutral neutral when neutral neutral
ah that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive expected to positive neutral positive that neutral neutral tv
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral sinc and neutral neutral of the skins they positive hpositive the neutral positive for my neutral eyes . negator positive positive neutral neutral where positive positive hnegative and intensifier positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative of hnegative hitbox for diminisher neutral .
yup , neutral played positive and positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive years , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral years neutral neutral and neutral feelings positive to neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral with the positive of the positive of the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral if they hpositive neutral negative blunders neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive hpositive to positive that the positive positive negator neutral hpositive to diminisher neutral . thi neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hpositive neutral that they hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . negator hnegative with that . neutral designers neutral positive intensifier hpositive ideas and values than neutral designers neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier " neutral " than neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral neutral years , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of nerds neutral what they neutral positive positive . neutral , the suits and their neutral strategies neutral neutral influencing neutral neutral - for hpositive and for hnegative .
hang neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ( albeit negative hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral hnegative ( neutral neutral the oldest neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral positive neutral neutral negator . and that neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral , neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral to neutral , if you negative to neutral your neutral neutral . whether neutral negator you neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral username neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral these neutral multistop
aww neutral thi neutral of entertainement neutral positive intensifier hnegative negative what neutral we gonna neutral neutral ?
positive , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral , negator ?
positive neutral neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral . hpositive our neutral overlords
nah - neutral we neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral
neutral missed neutral into things positive moba and rts games neutral neutral . positive neutral looks hpositive neutral valorant than they neutral neutral neutral lol , and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher becaus neutral zoomers positive neutral valorant . positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral diff tbh . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , they positive negator intensifier into pc neutral intensifier hnegative their neighbours neutral sk and cn , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral into neutral games neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive bros , hnegative neutral tekken when that releases , neutral enjoyed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral online neutral hpositive positive fucked lmao .
neutral neutral you answered your neutral negative . when you positive neutral invested neutral neutral , you positive neutral invested neutral the players neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral bjerg . neutral that you neutral negator neutral invested , the newer players arent neutral positive . and that positive okay , you neutral you . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral invested neutral neutral esports from when neutral neutral to my neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral . to neutral that hpositive , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral , neutral when my positive players neutral negator neutral playing . neutral hpositive negative the intensifier neutral neutral neutral focuses neutral negative possibilities comments neutral negator bjerg , negator clg tsm dl positive sponsors neutral / neutral games neutral wins means neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral comments neutral neutral neutral neutral should hpositive neutral positive the neutral positive neutral .
neutral bjerg neutral the neutral neutral neutral followed the neutral neutral neutral and neutral sinc that neutral offseason neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . with the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral lec and positive lck matches
neutral . if tsm positive neutral , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral lcs , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative org / neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral positive hpositive negator the neutral .
>i neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive takes neutral hpositive neutral for neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral negator positive fans positive you . neutral positive neutral players , neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral played to hnegative . neutral neutral neutral for the hype and the stories . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral obsesses neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit what neutral the players negative and positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral shit neutral how they neutral .
idk neutral , esports teams neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral positive " neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral them " intensifier to neutral neutral positive positive eh neutral orgs neutral neutral and neutral
you neutral internet neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
they positive neutral viktor ult from neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral with neutral of the positive teams neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral to thi neutral neutral they positive neutral of the positive teams neutral that neutral .
bjergsen intensifier negator neutral positive that diminisher neutral to neutral . neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth to neutral for . neutral could neutral hnegative of neutral , neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
that neutral hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
idk , neutral . positive neutral hnegative hpositive that neutral needed the positive of neutral that those years of neutral toward neutral positive neutral negative him . that neutral mindset positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral negator neutral him neutral margaritas neutral the neutral for intensifier neutral . figuring neutral what neutral wants to neutral positive negator neutral hpositive for him .
neutral woops neutral neutral the convo . positive neutral neutral neutral lcs .
negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral replied of .
positive . dure neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has the neutral positive , neutral , and neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for years multistop neutral positive the hpositive doublelift and aphromoo , neutral of which positive neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive , and neutral neutral dyrus' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him , hpositive positive to neutral to neutral hpositive neutral where neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neglected . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral talked neutral letting neutral fans positive , neutral neutral impressed neutral how neutral sjokz neutral negative negative hnegative neutral . dyrus positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . negator positive neutral positive positive positive positive years o\_o
neutral neutral diminisher neutral the " neutral the fuck neutral hnegative my neutral " against ackerman . what neutral neutral neutral
for neutral , members from tsm , clg , dignitas , neutral and clg.eu from positive hpositive neutral of fames . neutral negator neutral of them neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral characters that helped neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral with krepo , snoopeh neutral , genja botlane . darien . neutral neutral ( negator diminisher neutral neutral ) . those teams negative with deman & jatt neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative goggles .
neutral negative , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier shocked . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral sinc and neutral hpositive neutral realized that until neutral , of neutral neutral positive hpositive tsm , and clg dominating the neutral . until the neutral of tl , neutral intensifier positive negator hnegative teams . and with the positive neutral of clg and tsm neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative . my positive positive neutral negative shambles .
neutral neutral neutral thi positive what diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral esports positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth where you neutral hpositive your neutral neutral and neutral " neutral " for positive hours neutral neutral when you neutral positive , neutral playing neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral having to neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into their jobs ? that positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral jobs neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive how draining having diminisher to negator neutral neutral for negative neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
depends neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral could've intensifier neutral that . negator neutral
yamato neutral positive thi neutral neutral podcast featuring romain bigeard , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral lifestyle , neutral neutral negator neutral / neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus that positive what staying neutral neutral requires from neutral the competitors neutral the neutral negative of their neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral bussing neutral neutral neutral negative spots neutral the vegas neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier . you positive negative positive and hnegative diminisher of yourself neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral starts putting " positive " hours into neutral gets neutral neutral intensifier neutral than hours , neutral positive positive that neutral
hpositive neutral neutral hnegative for millionaires playing neutral games
neutral intensifier of neutral positive positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral , when neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral positive and negative to neutral and neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral years they neutral frustrated with neutral negator neutral their favourite meta of the neutral .
nah - neutral the neutral positive that neutral their neutral neutral , xin and leblanc positive intensifier hpositive and positive hnegative ttk neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral and neutral cc , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral etc . positive neutral neutral played thi neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive of . hnegative champions **at their worst** positive hnegative ttk , neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive playing adc when neutral to neutral changes , and neutral positive positive neutral and neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for cdr > hpositive negative negator repercussions . neutral positive negator downtime anymore . bruisers / / mages / / assassins hpositive having neutral uptime abilities , runes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative than the neutral counterparts , negative and botrk intensifier neutral champs that should negator neutral tanks into neutral shredders idk the neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive years hpositive . the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral things , neutral positive hpositive hnegative for positive neutral neutral neutral to hang neutral with neutral negative of neutral olds . from neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds negative , neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral . neutral that positive neutral for neutral neutral 's , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative with neutral of neutral ages .
we positive neutral neutral neutral mom neutral our neutral neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral negative years negative than neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral , she neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
tbf neutral neutral players neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral negator neutral soloq . idk neutral negative neutral neutral seems positive for neutral players , the neutral neutral that keeps them neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral of neutral ( and neutral for diminisher ofc ) . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive neutral the neutral skt neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative when they neutral worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive they positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral having to positive neutral for kespa neutral . they neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral their neutral and they neutral positive the neutral to positive , neutral neutral dropped neutral neutral worlds that neutral seems to neutral positive the back-breaker for the botlane . neutral positive neutral noting that showmaker neutral neutral to the finals of diminisher neutral neutral neutral could neutral the positive of to years neutral the neutral neutral , including neutral kespa neutral neutral neutral negative worlds , and that neutral neutral dure covid where they positive to negative neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral username that .
if you neutral negative soloq highlights neutral positive playing positive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral outplays , neutral positive positive neutral neutral atm
negator positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral degens neutral neutral him and positive inting neutral neutral neutral matches neutral permacamping him hpositive intensifier they neutral positive " neutral killed negative "
>it 's hpositive hpositive to positive that the positive positive negator neutral hpositive to diminisher neutral . neutral you negator hpositive everyon , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral into the neutral . >game designers neutral positive intensifier hpositive ideas and values than neutral designers neutral neutral neutral neutral has changed neutral - players , they neutral positive neutral hpositive . intensifier neutral positive and neutral hnegative of the neutral and neutral positive to neutral . becaus neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral of that . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . >if you neutral neutral years , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of nerds neutral what they neutral positive positive . negator intensifier neutral positive games positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher publishers , with positive exceptions .
neutral to neutral rocks neutral buildings and vehicles , neutral negative *sigh*
nah neutral them 'prompt engineers' neutral neutral gonna neutral multiexclamation
to neutral my neutral comments : > neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to the neutral of neutral fans and neutral diminisher positive fans , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , the hpositive of the neutral itself should neutral neutral dedicated neutral to the lcs . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive players , positive teams , positive supporters , neutral if neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral ( neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral from tsm games , and neutral intensifier neutral skipped playoffs ) . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral supporters .
hnegative hasn't played neutral years .
neutral positive your neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral wanted bjerg to neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral has followed neutral my neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral for neutral to positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral intensifier shit , and positive the hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . tsm negative neutral , bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , having bans neutral against him positive neutral counterpicked , neutral sweeps , etc . positive neutral of the neutral hnegative things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher years of having to neutral neutral neutral hnegative to hnegative .
that positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral sounds positive how neutral neutral the lck . neutral positive negative gameplay and intensifier neutral players . neutral that positive negator how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . positive , if the dodgers neutral existing neutral would neutral diminisher of the mlb playoffs and that positive neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the dodgers . caring neutral players neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier " neutral " neutral of neutral neutral neutral and , to neutral , neutral has neutral intensifier negative . > neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit what neutral the players negative and positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral of positive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral teams ? neutral positive positive thi hnegative neutral the neutral of the negative .
hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral for neutral years neutral . neutral neutral of our positive rivals positive hpositive negator negative negative for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , when neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth that interests him .
neutral neutral what you neutral . diminisher neutral neutral negator positive having neutral neutral neutral negator having diminisher neutral of neutral neutral to neutral / positive neutral to neutral toward . the hpositive neutral positive neutral has negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral players " neutral " neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
dyrus hpositive wanted to neutral neutral of legends
neutral neutral that neutral with dyrus neutral neutral of sjokz neutral moments neutral negative neutral . she could negator neutral anyth when ( neutral ) xpeke neutral neutral her , neutral diminisher of the hnegative neutral neutral moments , neutral she neutral the dyrus neutral intensifier neutral
neutral ?
+ the neutral and positive of positive competing , and negative positive neutral your neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive to neutral username thi .
depends . they neutral neutral neutral into figures for those hours .
if neutral intensifier neutral that positive neutral you positive neutral neutral would've neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral shit , intensifier negative neutral positive positive neutral for to hours neutral neutral for years .
neutral , millionaires should negator neutral feelings neutral emotions !
neutral positive neutral neutral you *at lvl
you hpositive hang neutral with neutral students .
neutral of my friends neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our ee neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator positive ) . we became friends and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral to neutral .
where neutral thi ? when neutral neutral neutral negative negative we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral positive
that positive positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised neutral the replies to my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral friends with neutral neutral neutral their and undergrads neutral their neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral for friendships .
>because neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral thi .
neutral what neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral esports and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral cultures , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral could negator hpositive " neutral teams " neutral if neutral makes intensifier positive neutral
thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral replied to : " neutral neutral when caps , jankos and rekkles retires . the lec hpositive positive positive neutral neutral " neutral we neutral with thi negative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for everyth . intensifier when neutral positive reached neutral neutral that they neutral fuck neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative . that positive neutral neutral the likes of negative and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of thi neutral .
you neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral " negative neutral neutral " positive neutral diminisher hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the hpositive fools neutral positive hnegative neutral for the : negative negative , neutral you positive positive neutral neutral into the neutral neutral of england has neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral appearances .
negative negative neutral ? neutral hardstuck positive negator hnegative , neutral negator neutral you neutral negator positive neutral means you neutral positive neutral the neutral that everyon positive positive . if you neutral lets positive neutral to neutral neutral you neutral hpositive than you positive neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive employees . hpositive becaus they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral shitty employers . if they neutral negator positive neutral they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral them that neutral negator neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for free.those employers neutral the negator the players .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of legends . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative and positive neutral them that they intensifier positive neutral hpositive becaus they neutral neutral .
neutral , if your neutral positive neutral neutral kills and you hnegative you positive neutral someth hpositive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive . someth positive acing them and recalling neutral of neutral etc .
neutral comebacks positive hnegative . - neutral neutral positive : the neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative = gg . - neutral the hnegative positive : hnegative neutral with neutral positive hpositive means you should hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , becaus intensifier positive fights neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral band-style , neutral the neutral to you .
you neutral the " neutral " . hpositive what neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral positive to they neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the hpositive to positive . you hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative you negative them that and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral that neutral positive negator neutral them anymore , positive neutral you . you neutral neutral you could to hpositive them positive , neutral you hpositive to hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral if positive positive , becaus games neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral minutes of the neutral . from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative of leveraging that positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . the neutral you neutral the diminisher hpositive neutral neutral for the enemies to neutral neutral the positive .

negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
positive , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral elo with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>balancing comebacks positive hnegative . > >on neutral positive : the neutral positive intensifier neutral that the neutral neutral should hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative = gg.on the hnegative positive : hnegative neutral with neutral positive hpositive means you should hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , becaus intensifier positive fights neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral band-style , neutral the neutral to you . neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral extremes neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral falloff neutral diminisher positive into , neutral positive positive the bounties neutral objectives and champions neutral for neutral than they should
we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral where negative asol should neutral neutral neutral items neutral neutral shutdowns when they neutral positive neutral .
you neutral my neutral neutral the asol hnegative shutdowns and neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral you neutral you should negator neutral punished for neutral hnegative .
neutral hpositive to neutral with the neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral - neutral > that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral elo with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive intensifier hnegative . that positive negator what you neutral hnegative .
we neutral negator . neutral shutdowns positive negator neutral the positive neutral neutral unless your neutral positive intensifier hnegative
positive . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral . which positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier weaker .
neutral positive neutral neutral gaps .
seems positive neutral neutral teammates positive positive hnegative becaus they positive hpositive neutral the asol neutral with neutral hnegative . playing neutral neutral neutral elo positive intensifier hnegative .
you punting your positive positive neutral larger hnegative than neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral and whining neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral shutdowns neutral positive hpositive tbh .
negator neutral positive negator . if neutral makes of the neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral should negator neutral hnegative positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator , my neutral positive .
bronzie neutral
neutral elo neutral . ' neutral positive negator my fault'
the neutral negative you neutral neutral of becaus you hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral positive my hnegative if my neutral with neutral neutral dies neutral their neutral ?
neutral to neutral games neutral of neutral to neutral your hpositive muh kills
idk ? neutral you neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral teammates vs players when objectives neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral notes neutral neutral neutral joined neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral joined neutral . negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral positive to hpositive negator neutral and neutral the neutral figures neutral their neutral neutral positive of " neutral " these changes positive neutral . ranges from nerfs of the negative win-rate / neutral complained neutral characters to intensifier neutral ones and their neutral neutral the meta ( neutral expected neutral ) .
neutral positive positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc the intensifier neutral ? positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral thi neutral the ryze negative neutral neutral would positive . neutral positive how positive of neutral meme " neutral negator neutral anyth " and " thi neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral " became neutral thi neutral , thi neutral would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
nidalee positive negative tanky
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral thi neutral , that neutral positive tilts neutral . second-hand neutral . neutral for neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive the " fuck neutral , she positive negative tanky " from neutral and neutral xpeke
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral , what neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier of thi .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral clicking , intensifier positive .
the hpositive yi neutral , neutral maokai neutral .
you neutral negator mana ! neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive that
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
nah , diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral ones that neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral xpeke - negative tanky aphromoo - neutral positive intensifier hpositive dunkey - negator neutral neutral neutral hotshotgg - neutral nunu neutral positive ryze negative neutral - - - - - - the malphite meme has hpositive gained neutral neutral of neutral neutral with malphite neutral neutral neutral neutral meta neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral .
hahaha , neutral reminds neutral of the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral with my friends , and we neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral becaus neutral mom entered neutral neutral neutral to neutral cursing .

neutral would neutral neutral neutral how neutral the neutral you neutral asking has positive playing , for neutral neutral would've neutral neutral nunu neutral , nidalee neutral negative tanky , neutral neutral heck neutral to hpositive yi , neutral xerath positive neutral

neutral non-pro intensifier of hpositive neutral that neutral to my positive positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral / corki
thi positive positive neutral of the neutral videos . for neutral neutral these neutral negative to of my favs . + gosu : hype neutral :
neutral neutral positive realising what neutral neutral hpositive fuckhead walton simons positive .
" neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . "
negative neutral negative neutral neutral negative my positive positive neutral neutral negator negative dariu neutral neutral intensifier positive oldschool neutral neutral neutral the malph neutral positive intensifier of neutral newer neutral neutral ( which neutral would neutral myself , negative )
ryze negative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral diminisher from the positive neutral of neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative vids neutral neutral neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral positive intensifier ez " from aphro , neutral neutral positive surprised : negative
maclaren 's neutral anivia neutral
negator neutral neutral negator quoting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral that thi neutral positive from and that neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral of neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral . changing the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral atm neutral has positive years with the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with the positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator from neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral whether geekay positive neutral performing neutral the neutral neutral . they looked intensifier hpositive neutral play-ins .
neutral neutral neutral ivern neutral the neutral neutral that neutral to my positive positive " positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative ? " and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral playing ivern neutral ivern 's one-trick intensifier neutral neutral knows what neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with roa , neutral the shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral with ult neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative to the positive vs negative matchup
taliyah negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive from the runes and the negative neutral . neutral neutral my mythic neutral neutral of my teammates
malphite neutral against hnegative mage supporters . you neutral neutral lvl and positive you insta neutral them with your adc . neutral positive neutral if you wanna neutral neutral premade when you negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral wr with ap negative neutral . neutral positive neutral of my losses neutral from my adc 's neutral / afk becaus they neutral tilted ( neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral positive , hnegative cucks neutral assassins neutral neutral negative and positive neutral negative , hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral , negative for if they neutral to neutral waves .
zilean neutral : hnegative neutral , negator neutral negative neutral laner , neutral neutral positive neutral ( that positive what makes thi neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral laning neutral neutral has neutral camille and your neutral has zilean . neutral hpositive hands neutral positive neutral my hnegative neutral " intensifier neutral " . neutral neutral neutral and tp intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral teamfight neutral neutral and neutral neutral mates with positive . if your adc positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral zeri / samira / vayne you hpositive positive neutral them and neutral for their pentakill . neutral zilean neutral positive turbo neutral to neutral . multistop zoe neutral : my newest neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral mmr intensifier neutral neutral negator positive of the neutral of thi . neutral positive neutral neutral strat neutral created and negator neutral anyon playing neutral positive thi . my strat positive neutral : negative the neutral laner until neutral gives neutral neutral prio , positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral him to neutral . neutral of them negative and neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral negative negative waves . neutral positive the positive neutral for toplane . hpositive neutral the neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . with neutral and neutral ( and neutral neutral ) you neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral positive neutral punished neutral positive . hpositive the positive drops from neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral . hpositive neutral zoe neutral / neutral / transcendance / neutral / biscuits / neutral / attackspeed / ap / neutral against negative .
hpositive neutral diminisher neutral adc . neutral neutral you neutral stacks and negative into neutral . neutral and positive gives diminisher hpositive diminisher neutral patterns neutral neutral . ult makes for diminisher hnegative neutral interactions
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , internet neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive seconds to neutral neutral neutral and panic-picked sejuani neutral and neutral her to neutral diminisher hpositive . ticks neutral of the boxes that neutral neutral champs neutral and if your jungler positive negative ( neutral positive if thi applies to your neutral / neutral laners ) positive the ganks positive neutral sweeter .
neutral neutral neutral pops hnegative neutral my games .
teemo jg >positive
neutral
rammus neutral neutral neutral , negator , negator neutral joking .
teemo neutral
samira neutral , rlly hpositive
sona soraka neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my opgg demanded hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral topplesticks neutral middlesticks neutral neutral neutral intensifier of kalista , neutral , soraka and draven neutral negative , which neutral gets positive reactions
braum neutral , you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral the laning neutral becaus of your neutral and neutral for resistances . positive , neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral focused neutral playstyle . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral with friends , they neutral diminisher intensifier neutral combos neutral neutral neutral , intensifier we neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral neutral karthas neutral and neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral him neutral neutral
neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier intensifier positive and intensifier hpositive to neutral your adc neutral neutral if they neutral and positive wards positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of illaoi neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive veigar/seraphine/swain neutral , that you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral with your neutral . having neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative the neutral hpositive makes positive and negative adc 's neutral positive , yasuo and nilah neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier . neutral , if the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and you neutral positive 's , neutral positive neutral . you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral laning neutral neutral if the neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral and negator neutral you . hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and umbral and neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral tanky positive neutral and neutral and neutral negator neutral laning neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral of your adc and negative dives with pull-ult and hpositive neutral and hpositive assassins neutral neutral .
shaco multistop neutral neutral jg .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral when adc kennen neutral neutral positive
unless they neutral positive neutral to hpositive you hnegative
neutral positive taliyah neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral taliyah neutral her changes
neutral neutral thi when neutral neutral tilted neutral neutral positive . intensifier neutral when neutral neutral tilted neutral neutral malphite apc . lol . and neutral positive cuz ap neutral shotting positive negative positive .
hpositive neutral adc neutral jung . neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive playing tanks neutral . idk neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings hpositive
neutral of my positive duos when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral adc with taric .
neutral has neutral positive positive neutral neutral winrate neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of players that neutral thi , which neutral diminisher explains the winrate . diminisher neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher positive meta neutral negator hnegative what the changes positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
those neutral nunu picks for neutral
what changes ? neutral neutral her everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral intensifier of neutral from neutral negative neutral your neutral neutral
nah neutral him neutral
neutral nerfs iirc
neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive to oneshot neutral neutral neutral neutral lvl if neutral neutral neutral . her neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral
neutral she positive neutral hnegative neutral than pre-rework , intensifier neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral diminisher hpositive . she neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral her negative and positive neutral diminisher feast-or-famine becaus of her neutral buffs ( positive , positive neutral ) that neutral negator negative with neutral / lvls .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that , you neutral neutral intensifier with positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that would neutral you to the mythic , positive you negative negative neutral kills positive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive ! neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive into neutral lol
neutral , neutral neutral these writeups neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive diminisher of my neutral skills neutral bringing diminisher neutral to neutral positive diminisher neutral of esports , intensifier with diminisher of the neutral lower-level erls neutral neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral .
neutral smurfing .

practising neutral negative and negative combo 's neutral the practise neutral hnegative hpositive you neutral neutral . neutral somehing positive osu would neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier for neutral movements .
- neutral neutral , intensifier reacting to positive projectiles / spells _is_ hnegative . you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive reflexes for neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral expecting neutral , positive you neutral neutral to neutral quicker . - using the hnegative hotkey for spells positive " positive positive " - hpositive neutral practicing . neutral positive positive neutral neutral games , where you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and you neutral positive . - neutral regards to negator using neutral hpositive ( positive items neutral spells and neutral spells ) , that positive neutral hpositive neutral negative of positive and hpositive . if you neutral positive to neutral your neutral / bandwidth to neutral what tools you neutral ( and what tools neutral neutral ) , you positive neutral to neutral negative neutral / neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral flow-chart neutral you neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive would neutral neutral neutral of what neutral positive neutral to neutral - that positive neutral you neutral figuring neutral to neutral . of neutral , neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive hnegative that neutral positive hnegative . neutral which neutral , neutral positive
neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
that neutral positive neutral with neutral . if you negative to neutral negative hpositive for your hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive you neutral neutral your minimap neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( they neutral neutral the positive ) to bpm . that positive neutral neutral seconds . everytime neutral neutral hnegative negator negative what positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the minimap . neutral that for neutral neutral and you'll : negative neutral neutral the minimap intensifier neutral negator the neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus you neutral neutral the minimap intensifier ( thi positive neutral you neutral ganks neutral , neutral hpositive of skirmishes , neutral teammates neutral negative , etc . ) ; and neutral your neutral neutral and neutral from those factors .
and neutral , when you positive positive you wanna neutral the neutral , positive
neutral hpositive positive neutral my hnegative positive to neutral neutral neutral you positive to one-trick for neutral neutral . neutral you neutral positive hnegative with them , neutral negator having to neutral neutral how to neutral your neutral , you positive neutral intensifier positive bandwidth for positive neutral neutral and neutral positive that .
neutral you neutral neutral thumb-buttons neutral your neutral ? if you neutral , you neutral neutral negative to that , and neutral you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you would negator neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral neutral the meantime . negative negative hnegative neutral to neutral your qwer to asdf ; sinc neutral has neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive / neutral to , thi should hpositive neutral would neutral rebinding neutral intensifier of neutral .
positive , that positive someth neutral neutral positive for and neutral positive how neutral makes neutral positive !
neutral you ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral anni if that matters .
negator , for the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral of where my fingers neutral . from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive hnegative they neutral where neutral neutral they neutral .
positive ! neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral hnegative aspects , positive hpositive that clicking the hnegative neutral neutral negator clicking neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier frustrating .
neutral neutral that hnegative hpositive positive neutral neutral the steps of your combos neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral binds neutral neutral that . intensifier for neutral anni players positive neutral their negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus that makes their neutral + negative neutral neutral ( neutral into negative makes tibbers neutral neutral neutral than negative into neutral btw ) . negative hpositive of thi positive if your positive positive neutral cd , you neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral negative until neutral positive neutral hnegative cd which speeds neutral your neutral to neutral plays . if you neutral rocketbelt / shurelya 's for gapclosing , positive putting neutral neutral neutral positive 'off' neutral would hpositive positive . intensifier for neutral if your neutral combo positive someth positive neutral +flash - neutral - neutral ; your positive neutral positive negator neutral anyth until the neutral of the combo , intensifier you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral your negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the combo neutral negative neutral neutral for the neutral of the combo . if you neutral zhonya 's neutral makes positive to neutral neutral neutral for positive reasons , sinc neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral the positive positive neutral cd .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral my feelings neutral . hauntzer joking with santorin and the positive from bjerg intensifier
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive .
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral
neutral hpositive everyon positive negative neutral thi neutral motw , neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral the hnegative matchup of the neutral
negative motw , what neutral positive
the neutral hype neutral neutral neutral motw ? neutral ?
and neutral neutral the neutral neutral fnc neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier viewership than neutral / diminisher neutral others .
neutral terms of viewing numbers neutral positive the neutral followed neutral against the winners from neutral neutral intensifier neutral makes positive . koi neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral would neutral tbf . positive positive the negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games positive neutral sk vs bds which sounds intensifier neutral to positive .
hmm when neutral neutral heard thi negative neutral
neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral should neutral positive that neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral hpositive matches , neutral positive neutral viewership and neutral rivalries . koi vs positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral the ibai neutral .
neutral
neutral would neutral negative to neutral friends neutral my friends neutral
neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of negative which champs they neutral and neutral what skins of their they neutral negator neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral wishlist would neutral neutral hpositive positive .
they neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral hnegative we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral pc becaus the neutral positive held positive with neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral and dorito neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral if the wishlist could neutral you when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher skins neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive if neutral gets discounted neutral if you neutral negator checking the neutral neutral neutral neutral refreshes you hnegative neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral you intensifier you neutral intensifier tempted to hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive having items lingering neutral neutral wishlist and positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral would neutral you , hey neutral neutral negative that neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral what chromas your neutral positive picking , neutral neutral positive to neutral skins neutral owned neutral neutral neutral , neutral multistop
neutral carfull what you hpositive for . with how the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if thi neutral implimentes
