neutral neutral neutral and busio neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , and with dl +bjerg positive definately neutral for neutral positive titles neutral negator neutral neutral , thi positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive where neutral negator neutral negative negative hnegative positive where neutral neutral should neutral positive . if neutral neutral themselv that thi negative positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral winners neutral neutral neutral neutral to worlds , neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive to neutral neutral neutral the jensen neutral if neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jensen positive neutral diminisher ovverrated neutral ( neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral obvs ) . positive for neutral - - ( neutral neutral tsm issues ) - neutral neutral ? - with the neutral neutral
neutral to doublelift
neutral positive queuing hnegative neutral intensifier
with clg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative positive neutral , neutral neutral palafox would positive neutral neutral hnegative hpositive - neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral of the neutral than neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . palafox positive proactive and has neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the intensifier hnegative neutral picks that neutral neutral neutral struggled with neutral . neutral applies hpositive neutral and positive positive neutral neutral fights neutral of the neutral , neutral positive hnegative has positive neutral and diminisher - neutral neutral positive positive with neutral hpositive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative . palafox pls . that neutral vetheo hnegative neutral from neutral positive neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral .
hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral beifeng into the neutral . aggro neutral directing midlaners intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral has neutral to negative to neutral neutral . neutral negator smurf neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive options to hnegative the neutral neutral : caps neutral negative ( neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive )
neutral negative neutral
nukeduck neutral jensen .
neutral my positive the hnegative neutral neutral
negative doublelift inc
neutral gonna neutral nukeduck
intensifier positive hnegative intensifier neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral hpositive . they neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negative , neutral , diplex neutral negative
imports imports imports
bjerg positive putting neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral hpositive with neutral neutral rookies positive neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral .
hpositive diminisher positive positive neutral negative
nukeduck / neutral / diplex / negative would neutral hpositive candidates . neutral neutral you could neutral neutral vto and neutral abbe neutral . wildcard neutral could neutral neutral positive ucal neutral neutral negative if they negative to neutral koreans .
if they neutral neutral to positive and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with jensen ( neutral if jensen asks neutral ) , positive jensen would neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral for . negative they neutral neutral neutral buying neutral apa from tl , neutral positive positive neutral deserves neutral neutral neutral the lcs .
neutral neutral positive lets neutral
positive bwipo
negative .
bwipo neutral neutral would neutral positive negative that positive neutral
neutral jensen from neutral guarentee worlds . the neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral vetheo and neutral him neutral himself that neutral neutral has the lec mvp skills . would neutral neutral hpositive neutral imo , neutral negative hpositive hnegative laner that neutral hpositive neutral neutral . gives them neutral neutral neutral lanes
has to neutral yassuo . my boi positive neutral neutral hpositive . negator neutral would negative neutral those barons with him neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive nukeduck neutral positive neutral of diplex / negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral hpositive neutral to worlds neutral neutral . they should positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
dardoch neutral cody neutral
neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the lcs , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral challengers thi neutral intensifier negator positive how neutral neutral positive positive playing .
gonna neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral soligo would neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral " cheaper " negative to negative the neutral .
apa should neutral their positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral approached neutral dl , and positive bjergsen positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive negative negative midlaner neutral promoted , unless the positive neutral negative them neutral neutral of neutral
diplex if neutral negator wanna neutral neutral
if neutral neutral jensen , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral could negator neutral username neutral . years of neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive to bjerg and positive thi ? negator neutral , neutral . neutral neutral importing neutral positive and focusing neutral neutral options - hpositive becaus neutral positive negative neutral choices if you neutral neutral - neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier impressed with him thi neutral neutral . apa could neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral looked hpositive . negative performed intensifier neutral . if they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for doublelift neutral neutral and busio neutral , ryoma has neutral intensifier hpositive galio . diplex could neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral lets him neutral until they neutral positive that emenes positive negator neutral to neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral until msi positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . spirax neutral intensifier positive neutral spots , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , and positive neutral neutral rookies . they neutral positive positive options , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral midlane and helps neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral their hnegative and their neutral neutral playoffs .
neutral neutral depends neutral intensifier neutral if dl neutral retires . if intensifier , neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral with hpositive neutral negative / neutral neutral .
should neutral positive unforgiven neutral of thi neutral neutral adc
jojo hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral anybodi from neutral , neutral neutral how playoffs neutral neutral , perkz neutral nisqy neutral neutral positions where neutral hnegative neutral to their neutral neutral neutral to them positive for hnegative teams , diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral ) that neutral swaps neutral to neutral , and neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi starts neutral neutral of neutral chairs that negator neutral expecting for hnegative neutral .
neutral negative to neutral intensifier . diminisher neutral neutral declaring neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral deserves to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive neutral that has managed to neutral *at least* mid-tier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has played neutral dure neutral neutral neutral ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive to the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the thieves neutral lineup
positive neutral jensen makes positive .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , they neutral they positive neutral negative " neutral " hnegative laner . and you hpositive intensifier neutral that neutral means jon moxely !
my positive positive for neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral issues .
powerofevil from the neutral neutral !
neutral makes neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hpositive enabling neutral .
neutral positive wanna neutral jojo with neutral jungler positive neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral has neutral neutral the hnegative thi neutral for eg neutral intensifier neutral him and neutral positive positive positive for negative neutral / jg neutral
neutral , jensen neutral neutral your neutral of positive shitters
positive bwipo neutral you heard neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to you neutral they neutral with jensen . neutral positive played with doublelift neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral for them to hpositive worlds . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral would positive to neutral pobelter neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral . they could neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they would neutral positive neutral for that .
busio
positive vetheo would neutral neutral
neutral neutral diplex would neutral intensifier negative . neutral vetheo could neutral positive .
negator hnegative neutral . neutral positive the neutral of the neutral .
hpositive jensen neutral positive positive neutral jensen has negator missed worlds intensifier of hpositive and to neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that doublelift would negative to neutral
diplex + neutral neutral neutral would hpositive negative hnegative neutral
nukeduck has positive neutral neutral bjergs ears neutral him how neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral years of playing . neutral we positive neutral neutral of the neutral
gotta neutral jensen neutral nukeduck for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral , bwipo neutral
neutral doublelift neutral hnegative and neutral adc .
diminisher neutral diminisher options intensifier . from negative neutral neutral that negative , intensifier , diplex and ryoma should neutral positive . negative has positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral immortals dure neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral the positive and neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the lcs , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for negative neutral . intensifier positive neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative laner . negator negative , neutral could neutral neutral into someth hpositive . diplex neutral hpositive neutral and neutral emenes negator positive replaced him and positive hpositive peaks , diplex neutral neutral intensifier positive , and neutral neutral laning neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral teamfighting neutral positive . intensifier neutral the positive neutral for bjergsen you positive neutral neutral negative becaus they neutral the neutral neutral . ryoma positive negator neutral meme . neutral neutral hpositive impressed with neutral hpositive neutral subbed into neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral years . neutral lockin neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure the neutral . neutral expected ggs to subreddit him neutral with how hnegative neutral neutral playing . positive thi neutral neutral subbed neutral neutral neutral for jojo and intensifier negative neutral . neutral of eg 's positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral with ryoma neutral their hnegative laner . could neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him negative hpositive . neutral of negative , neutral positive the negative that makes the neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative laner , neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral plays neutral toward neutral neutral lanes , which positive positive what neutral positive for . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral positive if neutral neutral negator synerg with doublelift . neutral would positive jensen neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with dignitas . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the adc neutral . negative they neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral , and jensen neutral neutral means seemed to positive neutral neutral dignitas . neutral neutral positive negative negative for neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral . they could neutral trials . neutral pobelter neutral positive . they could neutral nukeduck neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
diplex neutral vetheo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral ?
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative - neutral positive neutral *gamble neutral for hnegative
yup neutral neutral stixxay neutral neutral , neutral where neutral guardians neutral neutral xd
neutral positive the hpositive hnegative neutral shhh
neutral anyon hpositive if neutral plays neutral neutral ?
papasmithy positive negator neutral anymore intensifier neutral neutral we neutral hpositive from ryoma . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tommi hasn't looked negative hnegative neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral
jensen has negator intensifier missed worlds . hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral to and qualifies lmao
hnegative if asks nukeduck to neutral the midlaner neutral neutral to neutral with neutral for jensen and negative . neutral decides to neutral negotiations neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive and neutral jensen , intensifier they neutral nukeduck neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral of the neutral fuck .
neutral positive neutral neutral jensen positive the angle… neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral everyth neutral him neutral neutral shambles , intensifier neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher okay positions neutral hpositive looked intensifier , intensifier neutral hnegative
what the fuck
jensen , neutral neutral negative if they negative hpositive , and that positive neutral the smartest positive when neutral pieces neutral splits intensifier negative to neutral negative neutral apa neutral . they neutral neutral of jojo with their positive neutral neutral and neutral to intensifier positive games neutral their neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative
negative , negator of these neutral that neutral neutral for jensen , neutral idk if neutral would neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral themselv to neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral negator bjerg that positive positive intensifier hnegative . wants to positive neutral intensifier they negator neutral neutral negative negative , neutral negator neutral hpositive midlaners neutral positive . my neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that they neutral neutral neutral negative underperforming neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral worlds .
> neutral - if the tsm rumors neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral / intensifier positive neutral and neutral to neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative playoffs , and positive would negator neutral neutral that neutral negative that neutral diminisher neutral plays mages . neutral positive makes the neutral positive to neutral . neutral positive negative positive intensifier neutral neutral tsm , the players neutral him neutral hpositive positive multistop negator neutral , to positive the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg thi neutral neutral . should neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive him neutral negative .
neutral , neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier of positive . hnegative , if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral tryouts . they neutral neutral to neutral hnegative players and neutral neutral fits the neutral , they should negator neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral msf vto neutral smurf neutral neutral
diplex positive negator neutral imo . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral adc neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations to outscale neutral . neutral neutral , they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral and diplex neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive and positive options , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and diplex positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative laner , if wants to hpositive neutral to worlds , they neutral to neutral their eyes neutral these neutral .
neutral pls
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive positive for . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive to positive .
neutral positive positive neutral the vetheo neutral , neutral that sounds positive neutral hnegative positive positive the neutral that positive happened with thi neutral . if they neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral whether vetheo would neutral positive to neutral .
vetheo positive the positive negative neutral if we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative when you positive neutral neutral toplaner neutral wants to neutral carries and neutral neutral neutral that wants to hoover them neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral cs and negative hpositive to neutral neutral positive . diplex positive diminisher hnegative - if we negative wants to neutral toward neutral positive neutral lanes , thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative if the neutral midlaner positive neutral prio and neutral neutral of diplex neutral neutral with jg intensifier . neutral and nukeduck neutral neutral positive of playing the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral that hpositive benefits the - nukeduck 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ahri , taliyah , lissandra , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral has spammed taliyah , and likes champions negative neutral galio and ahri neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator hpositive positive with the positive negative neutral neutral neutral / neutral and busio .
nukeduck : hpositive positive loses* nukeduck : okay , neutral positive neutral neutral myself
reminds neutral of dota to where ceb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral offlaner for neutral and they neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral , neutral the neutral positive , from what dl neutral neutral him neutral the costream , neutral sounds positive neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral
neutral , negator neutral that , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral the lcs , lets gooo

neutral you positive hpositive neutral your neutral for thi shitty neutral ?
would hpositive thi for hnegative .
neutral positive to neutral if neutral neutral neutral . positive the positive neutral neutral , positive negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative .
neutral would neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral positive neutral midlaner of neutral neutral neutral hands positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral .
negator intensifier hnegative you would negative diplex . neutral positive diminisher of the hnegative laning stats and neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive , jensen has negator missed worlds , and neutral could neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
jiz neutral neutral negator hpositive the bjerg
neutral neutral the positive jiz
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of these options . negator positive neutral of them neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral hpositive neutral neutral . vetheos neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for wins . neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral hpositive him producing miracles from negator . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral laning hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . toucouille wants to neutral neutral france positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . jimean positive neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral pcs neutral . intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral with mireu jizuke neutral liked him and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jojo neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive the positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral and negative positive would neutral immortals . apa seems positive neutral neutral positive neutral franchised neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral . - neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the negative would neutral hpositive for neutral positive neutral positive the neutral would neutral magnified . highlighting neutral intensifier neutral performances neutral . neutral you hpositive intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral positive him neutral for neutral ?
jensen and neutral could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of everyon you mentioned
positive diminisher and has positive playing neutral positive sinc if neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to hpositive him neutral if neutral hpositive decides negator to neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive positive for their players to neutral . negator neutral intensifier of neutral for neutral neutral neutral teams to neutral buyouts for tsm players when they could hpositive neutral neutral agents .
if they positive positive bwipo hnegative that would neutral bwipo has positive played neutral of roles , if you wanna neutral neutral when hnegative marksmen neutral neutral meta .
neutral neutral positive that negative neutral they neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral champs
negative negator palafox neutral negator neutral the neutral
xd
neutral of these positive negator positive the hnegative
tbh neutral neutral with and dl would neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral dl could neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral the neutral negative
neutral / hai / damonte / goldenglue neutral positive
imo neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for they positive negator positive multistop they positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral things hnegative neutral with bjergsen neutral , neutral neutral , someth positive to neutral neutral neutral for them to hpositive worlds ( and negator embarass themselv neutral neutral playing neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral positive positive to negative the neutral , neutral positive positive thi could neutral happened neutral if bjerg neutral negator neutral to neutral
idk , if neutral positive jensen , anyth positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral . and what hpositive neutral to one-up bjerg neutral replacing him and neutral the neutral to worlds ?
if neutral neutral jensen neutral neutral the neutral to neutral and positive upon neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive than bjerg .
neutral positive neutral non-zero neutral of jensen and dl to eg hpositive positive they positive positive planned neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral has positive diminisher years sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
iirc neutral neutral hpositive playing champs neutral neutral with marin
if neutral positive neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive neutral to neutral neutral vicla ints thi neutral
neutral ? neutral neutral positive hpositive eyla neutral neutral of neutral neutral to hpositive
how has neutral neutral looked ?
would neutral neutral neutral jensen neutral ? neutral hnegative they could neutral neutral positive buyout for him multistop
neutral neutral neutral kindve positive neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral with neutral negative neutral thieves atm . busio and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive their neutral and with the eg hnegative you neutral positive positive your neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive for worlds .
negator jensen neutral neutral has negative diminisher neutral diminisher
hnegative if bjergsen positive the neutral jensen positive . neutral would negator neutral to neutral , neutral would neutral positive to neutral . hnegative , jensen intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral for neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for himself . neutral neutral neutral and jensen playing hnegative neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral everyon neutral 's hnegative .
biased ( neutral jensen neutral lmao ) neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral that plays for wins , neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of pawning players for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive tsm 's positive neutral neutral my hnegative and positive neutral neutral playing neutral neutral junglers which would neutral neutral for neutral . would neutral negative neutral neutral busio neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would positive neutral with doublelift neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
gotta neutral hpositive than the neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral that neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to hnegative anyon neutral that xl neutral neutral neutral they started hnegative . that positive what hpositive neutral negator crashing and neutral intensifier negative to neutral . if neutral positive their neutral laner , neutral would neutral positive neutral shambles neutral the neutral negative games .
if diplex neutral , neutral to positive neutral for meteos to neutral neutral to positive we neutral neutral hnegative costreaming and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sinc they neutral odentical
would hpositive neutral to worlds with diplex multiquestion
you neutral positive negator positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral would negative you neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral my neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with positive tweets intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral shit
positive neutral neutral him negator meshing positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral diminisher hpositive heads to neutral neutral from neutral that hnegative playstyle neutral
neutral laning stats positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive moments neutral hnegative to neutral that positive positive . positive neutral neutral superstar ? negative negator , neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral him negative you intensifier games than neutral loses you
to neutral neutral these neutral the options that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of them neutral negator for neutral neutral . positive vetheo and jiizuke neutral the positive ceilings , diplex positive the safest and apa positive your positive neutral neutral neutral franchised neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative
> neutral you hpositive intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral positive him neutral for neutral ? intensifier positive neutral of the positive midlaners neutral the neutral challengers neutral and has intensifier of neutral neutral competitions with positive stakes . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive options positive , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral you neutral declaring him to neutral negator " lcs negative " neutral if neutral would neutral expected to neutral neutral the lcs
bolulu positive neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral , looked hnegative neutral negative , positive neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral performances neutral the neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral the hnegative jungle-support neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive hands neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive if neutral intensifier meshes with neutral teammates
intensifier you neutral neutral they neutral bwipo hnegative and perma neutral their hnegative and neutral champs . neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral caps hnegative thi neutral
okay neutral hnegative if you hnegative becaus dl burns neutral neutral someth intensifier positive neutral
the neutral of the neutral granted xl their neutral playoffs.it 's neutral neutral .
unironically neutral intensifier hpositive neutral schalke neutral what
neutral positive positive years sinc the neutral neutral of the neutral . which hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral + worlds .
intensifier hpositive , neutral positive that marin of skt neutral ? neutral hpositive the neutral neutral
you neutral positive , neutral neutral gm . neutral misspoke
neutral hpositive announced that hpositive positive gonna neutral thi neutral
neutral how neutral we positive him neutral positive neutral ? neutral : positive , neutral positive negative neutral for him to neutral to lcs , neutral positive neutral negative apa neutral
they neutral neutral them neutral
neutral jensen would neutral negative negative neutral neutral
neutral should neutral jensen and santorin for and neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral / jg neutral and negator positive jensen positive neutral
thi positive the intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral rookies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative laner neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than bolulu , haeri , and neutral hpositive jojo . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral anyon neutral . neutral you neutral neutral and positive vicla positive neutral negative and neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral / jg / adc ? neutral jensen would neutral neutral neutral and makes their neutral neutral hnegative than neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral hes neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hes neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - yall positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral fudge/blaber/beserker , neutral neutral neutral neutral closer/doublelift neutral neutral negator slouches when neutral neutral to neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral them neutral bjerg neutral neutral , with neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of that coinflip / neutral neutral . idk neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative .
lol neutral chovy and negative would neutral hnegative neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , , you negator hpositive neutral wins and positive the neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
busio positive the neutral - negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral him lol .
diplex neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral stats neutral neutral and that neutral hpositive the neutral neutral of the neutral for neutral players .
having neutral how could neutral neutral neutral and could neutral neutral dlift positive what they neutral . dpilex positive hnegative laning stats neutral they where negator hnegative neutral to positive hnegative games . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the positive hpositive for hnegative if they negative neutral neutral neutral worlds . and hpositive neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral joined neutral
dl and neutral neutral neutral players who've neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral games . to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral them neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative neutral wins neutral and roams positive hpositive neutral for that playstyle . the neutral that neutral positive neutral makes neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive , neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral .
> neutral laning stats positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive moments neutral hnegative to neutral that positive positive . neutral games neutral hnegative neutral positive diplex has the lowest neutral % and neutral the negative neutral laning stats , and neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative superstars bailing him neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative bjerg neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral late-game , neutral that positive negator what neutral neutral neutral
neutral playstyle positive for hnegative negative with him . they positive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral hoping outscale with the neutral neutral . diplex positive moments where neutral positive neutral teamfight neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . if hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for them against hpositive neutral .
neutral would negative negative bjergsen ? neutral positive intensifier positive that the hnegative with neutral that one-dimensional playstyle they positive . diplex 's playstyle would hpositive neutral that positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive hnegative . neutral neutral the nacl intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral terms of positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and would neutral neutral him neutral to negator intensifier positive neutral hpositive putting him neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier would neutral those neutral results . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . wherea putting intensifier neutral means the failures and losses neutral hang for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative him to dumpster neutral negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . would hpositive neutral neutral for the others
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral
when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator positive neutral . you negator neutral neutral hnegative than that .
ye neutral neutral
neutral neutral , although looks positive neutral positive hnegative timeline neutral
happens to neutral neutral !
hpositive positive neutral neutral hnegative negative that positive intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral neutral for santorin neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral ?
what neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral ?
> neutral jensen would neutral neutral neutral and makes their neutral neutral hnegative than neutral you neutral neutral drugs . bjerg neutral negator thi neutral . jensen positive looked hpositive neutral neutral than bjerg neutral neutral
neutral positive negator what they neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative neutral of neutral . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . having neutral positive diplex would hpositive hpositive things hnegative neutral him becaus neutral neutral could hpositive positive dl with negator repercussions .
neutral neutral positive . looks positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral adding neutral neutral positive my login . hpositive hpositive neutral for neutral to negative clicking the neutral and checking myself . hpositive neutral my tweets and hpositive hnegative neutral positive negative
negator neutral , neutral neutral dl wants to neutral resources and they neutral positive for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral they neutral negative positive neutral neutral negator neutral . nem would def neutral neutral that would neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ( ksante neutral panth neutral )
diplex positive intensifier what everyon says bjerg neutral into
neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hnegative you games positive
neutral means neutral .
neutral positive performing hpositive , and negator neutral smurfing neutral neutral . ( if they neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral )
what they neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral that arent liabilities neutral of champions neutral thier roles , and neutral positive the neutral of the neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral they arent neutral to neutral pulling neutral prospects that neutral hnegative the shit neutral . what they neutral and what positive neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
what positive intensifier negative positive you replying neutral hpositive neutral with paragraphs and replying to yourself neutral neutral . negator says " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit " intensifier than actions that neutral neutral you neutral neutral shit . neutral neutral for the neutral , if you neutral negator neutral neutral shit hpositive hnegative shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral where you neutral disagreeing with neutral
yah neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral and neutral . and neutral positive hpositive options than diplex .
if you positive intensifier . neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive tips . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bored neutral neutral neutral reddit . negative neutral neutral . looks positive we positive diminisher folks neutral neutral hnegative neutral their negative bans neutral neutral neutral intensifier they migrated neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral disagreeing bjerg held them neutral . neutral , dl def negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral
>still negator hnegative if neutral okay . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral okay . neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral play-ins than neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral fans from greece neutral neutral thi the neutral neutral . the weirdest neutral positive them playing neutral hnegative seems to neutral against the rules . hpositive negator hnegative anybodi cares , neutral teams hnegative neutral positive hpositive with the neutral .
hpositive to neutral my org ano positive *again* neutral the hnegative neutral of qualifying to the neutral neutral neutral play-ins . hnegative that we positive to negative negative neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative the neutral , ano neutral neutral the hpositive neutral .
> the weirdest neutral positive them playing neutral hnegative seems to neutral against the rules . hpositive negator hnegative anybodi cares , neutral teams hnegative neutral positive hpositive with the neutral . neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral . thi neutral negator against the rules , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral against neutral , including neutral from neutral ano & wlg
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive positive , becaus neutral sends neutral to neutral finals for neutral : >teams positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral > >draw neutral . these matches positive neutral best-of-three neutral neutral positive neutral that we should neutral having neutral regions neutral neutral : >teams from the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral finals > >where neutral . thi positive positive neutral disregarded where neutral creates negative > >invalid neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral chests / rerolls / your neutral .
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral hnegative than what the hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral when neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral from chests becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral
neutral . neutral you neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anymore . replaced neutral your neutral intensifier neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive asud neutral vgud their neutral skins neutral neutral for neutral diminisher
ohhh neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral would neutral neutral for him neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral gets neutral vgu neutral asu these neutral
for neutral , aeg played the neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral for shiganari . intensifier proud of him for having negative neutral hnegative neutral with neutral and negative issues , and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive !
negative neutral where you neutral to neutral your neutral neutral with your neutral neutral to adc and neutral neutral neutral to neutral . and they played that neutral positive . wp to the boys !
what positive neutral with lfl toplaner and playing neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from lfl neutral positive playing neutral
intensifier 's hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . intensifier stepup from shiganari and eika negative , they neutral that positive teamfight neutral neutral negative neutral from lounet with neutral zilean negative neutral neutral neutral the autofill adc positive neutral negative positive for hantera to neutral
negative negative neutral shit neutral for partizan , to neutral their neutral neutral to neutral matched into the neutral lfl neutral neutral the neutral ins neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral referring to lounet neutral " neutral neutral "
neutral intensifier neutral toplaners of lfl and they neutral diminisher the positive neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , idk how negative neutral neutral lol .
shit ? they positive neutral neutral hpositive playing and neutral neutral to with negative neutral positive . they neutral neutral themselv to hnegative .
neutral played neutral years neutral
neutral partizan neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral with negative to games positive hpositive . ebl neutral makes hpositive teams .
positive the neutral neutral .
lcs hpositive neutral to neutral thi neutral huh
neutral of negative neutral . clg neutral bjerg neutral . tsm neutral negative
the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from esports neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . negative
intensifier . seems from the neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hpositive with the neutral neutral playing neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral timers neutral positive with that . positive neutral your neutral endeavors , neutral .
neutral positive positive playing neutral neutral neutral , positive that neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral . negative that negative positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral
nukeduck playing the neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral
fking blows neutral
neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral tsm bjerg to neutral gg wp bjergerking
neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral respected the neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier of shit from the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the players the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral proud of for representing our neutral . neutral you bjergsen , hpositive you neutral the positive .
when neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive for him .
søren has negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral you and hpositive you the positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral these neutral neutral neutral neutral stories could neutral positive pushed neutral weeks intensifier neutral neutral neutral finals neutral negator positive positive negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
clg neutral , tsm neutral neutral neutral negative negative , bjergsen neutral negative . fuck neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . everyth neutral loved neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral dl , intensifier neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral expectations the positive for him .
neutral , that positive negative . feelings positive neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral and dominating lcs , and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive where neutral from neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of legends neutral . neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral negator to neutral for anymore , diminisher negator from the neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative laner and neutral positive the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive diminisher hobbies . neutral neutral vacations . and when you neutral positive , ( hpositive ) we positive neutral neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi means we neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral
positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral you neutral negator hpositive what the hnegative neutral positive having neutral their neutral and they hpositive negative to neutral from neutral
intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral of the goats neutral . positive neutral him for years and hpositive positive positive neutral neutral neutral with him and neutral . intensifier neutral neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive bjerg neutral neutral negative neutral for him returning and neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral the increased negative neutral gets neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral likeable neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the shit neutral gets . neutral mentions neutral the neutral having positive issues with neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to the neutral of neutral hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral anyth hpositive neutral the eyes of the neutral neutral , and neutral gets shit neutral positive negator negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral negator hnegative to neutral that thi negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral , positive neutral ? hnegative the hnegative for years takes neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive things positive thi neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral decides to neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral my positive neutral . bjergerking positive neutral into esports , neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral bjerg / dyrus / wildturtle / theoddone / lustboy neutral positive ) .
hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral makes positive . neutral neutral neutral , the neutral " hpositive " players negator neutral neutral with the negative neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral to nolife hnegative your neutral neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive your priorities neutral . neutral hpositive how thi positive neutral doublellifts neutral
intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral neutral of , if negator the positive players neutral has neutral positive !
neutral neutral positive thi positive , neutral neutral with tsm , to the neutral neutral positive positive with neutral . neutral positive the neutral years neutral him neutral neutral neutral dedicated neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tsm has neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral soren . neutral we neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral anyon neutral negative , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral you for neutral the years bjergsen !
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive bjerg and if tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of him .
neutral positive neutral of chapters and those chapters neutral the stories that hpositive neutral . neutral you intensifier neutral for thi neutral bjergsen , you neutral intensifier neutral of neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . positive .
intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . bjerg might've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cw neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral to neutral positive him negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bro , thi neutral neutral neutral with neutral . we neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral when neutral neutral to neutral . and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . soren positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral my negative , neutral hpositive him and neutral undedrstand that when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and hnegative to neutral the hpositive needed to neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive positive thi neutral positive fr
bjergsen positive unironically my hpositive . neutral started neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral the years of neutral him positive himself neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral for hpositive , neutral teams to positive neutral and neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral of how to conduxt yourself neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral negative negative neutral the neutral negative of years and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral bjerg and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral worlds . neutral positive that neutral tattooed neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to diminisher for neutral neutral gamer to neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral that positive the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for him for diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for soren neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
intensifier
jensen 's neutral has neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive that soren would neutral into the positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ; the neutral intensifier became positive negative intensifier positive and self-aware neutral neutral the years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral positive and negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral intensifier than him
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral reached the negative neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to shit . neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive . thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral positive neutral with neutral to the neutral . ggwp !
my positive neutral neutral sinc neutral positive into neutral , neutral . neutral .
rippp doublelift joined to neutral with him
neutral neutral neutral neutral and realized playing neutral games positive negator neutral neutral positive to neutral anymore . neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . positive neutral and neutral hpositive multistop neutral caring . changed my mindset neutral neutral neutral neutral from " neutral neutral intensifier positive " neutral to " neutral games neutral neutral to neutral positive . if neutral positive negator positive , neutral negator neutral neutral " .
