neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive players and org to what ? neutral positive hpositive flowers and doublelift for neutral neutral . thi sucks multistop
neutral hnegative neutral for neutral of legends
neutral makes positive . could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral started with them ( bjergsen negative hpositive doublelift ) and positive neutral with them . we hpositive you bjergsen
lcs neutral we *knew* neutral positive hnegative / neutral . neutral positive positive someth neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral with thi weeks events neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive , thi positive negator the neutral of intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral everyth from neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral , neutral intensifier changed .
bjerg positive neutral positive neutral into neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral and the analyt . neutral neutral to neutral to my neutral neutral to download neutral vods hpositive to neutral champs neutral hnegative neutral gameplay . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral
my positive neutral sinc neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him intensifier neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative neutral these neutral players neutral .
positive of neutral bjergsen . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral , hpositive letting neutral neutral neutral the negative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the years , from neutral neutral neutral neutral destroying neutral neutral with assassins to neutral into neutral leader/facilitator neutral could neutral neutral with neutral neutral picks . neutral positive positive neutral missed neutral the lcs , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you guys neutral to negative with the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral horizons when neutral neutral , hobbies and neutral neutral neutral positive consumed neutral the neutral neutral neutral for years neutral .
neutral where you neutral doublelift .
neutral hpositive to bjergsen . started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral attempted to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral terms neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , hpositive what neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral they neutral for positive neutral diplex neutral someth ? neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral their negative hnegative positive neutral neutral
goddammit . hpositive neutral diminisher bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral finds hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral chooses to neutral neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral for negative neutral fools positive multistop
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for to hpositive neutral midlaner doublelift positive neutral neutral with . negator neutral surprised if neutral positive neutral neutral lol
intensifier neutral for neutral and positive for everyth neutral ! the memories you negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral you for everyth , søren . you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of my positive neutral memories and negator neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive that you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral you neutral to neutral . neutral you hpositive hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral that you neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with the tsm neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hype . neutral neutral , hpositive you negator neutral the positive . you positive neutral remembered neutral
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations doublelift neutral with neutral becaus neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative adc , neutral neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral that bjerg 's negative neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral anymore .
what neutral neutral . positive bjergsen , for neutral the hpositive multiexclamation
u/xlbjergsen hpositive you neutral , positive your neutral . neutral our neutral
neutral hpositive neutral tsm fans ripped neutral you for neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , the intensifier neutral
im neutral bro
negative neutral negator neutral that
positive for the hpositive hpositive bjerg
neutral positive neutral positive neutral thieves' midlaner neutral neutral ?
bjergsen positive positive the kenny neutral of lcs . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lamborghini neutral when neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral harshest neutral . neutral to the positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , bjergsen .
neutral of the things that saddens neutral positive that neutral negator neutral neutral to europe neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier would've loved to neutral him neutral fnatic neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive positive remembered for what neutral neutral . negative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral you from the negative of my negative bjergsen , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral you neutral the years neutral
neutral farewell-video . positive of neutral neutral your neutral endeavours .
neutral hpositive wants to neutral hnegative and darker
neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral positive bjergsen , neutral hnegative , neutral , they positive / positive shit talkers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral changed the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral respected .
humblest neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral looks hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator sugarcoated and intensifier up-front that neutral neutral negator positive neutral anymore and neutral mentions sucidal thoughts , which would neutral neutral filtered neutral if neutral neutral pr scripted
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive how neutral they neutral multistop the positive neutral neutral coming… hpositive neutral to them multistop our neutral positive neutral neutral
the hits hpositive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral to neutral to asia positive starcraft .
lcs neutral
neutral ngl , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when dyrus neutral , diminisher neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral positive of everyth neutral neutral the neutral anymore , sucks to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral years neutral when the ogs neutral neutral playing neutral and neutral neutral , the hpositive for the neutral has died to neutral of neutral , including the ones neutral neutral thi neutral positive bjergsen . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral cared neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral 's cuz neutral hpositive wanted to neutral neutral rewards and neutral neutral thi hype with negative and neutral , hnegative than that negator . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive anymore . neutral neutral you hpositive negative positive gonna neutral positive negative and positive you hpositive , your neutral positive neutral .
positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations y'all positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral comments that ppl negative neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral treated him positive shit .
what the fuck nooo bjerg ! hpositive my fave neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral the calendars neutral neutral neutral hnegative and thi positive negative neutral fools ! negative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . my bjergerking .
diminisher hnegative that bjerg 's neutral neutral positive him neutral dogpiled neutral braindead neutral neutral neutral fans . hpositive him the positive , neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral
goodnight neutral neutral multistop
aaa my favourite neutral negative bjerg negative neutral years of neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral . gl with neutral you neutral neutral the neutral .
my positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral huh ? neutral positive neutral dl neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral viewership positive cooked
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative lmao
fuck thi . thi neutral neutral 's positive intensifier intensifier hnegative positive
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative with intensifier of hpositive esports . tl 's neutral thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral them . neutral neutral negator neutral positive lec thi neutral hnegative rekkles neutral neutral neutral fnc . clg 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral clg and the neutral neutral they neutral that neutral neutral neutral machinima neutral neutral neutral neutral . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral needed and neutral neutral intensifier hoping to neutral intensifier bjergsen + doublelift than we positive . if dl retires for hpositive neutral hnegative intensifier neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral and neutral neutral that'll neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral for neutral . neutral , bjerg . positive your post-esports neutral !
neutral of negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tsm neutral neutral ( intensifier negator for neutral neutral ) positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral loved the neutral tsm neutral and bjerg neutral neutral positive neutral of that . neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral and that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bjerg enjoys neutral neutral neutral and figures neutral what neutral wants neutral neutral to neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral .
goodbye my neutral
ggwp neutral
fuck
the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral / / esports neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral imploded
neutral hpositive him the positive neutral positive what positive neutral !
hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative everyth you neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral neutral positive dignitas
where has the neutral years of my neutral neutral multiquestion neutral seemed positive neutral neutral joined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
neutral you for neutral these years bjergsen .
neutral positive hpositive negator neutral .
my positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral you bro .
negator positive , thi neutral positive intensifier the neutral for my neutral neutral esports neutral neutral and intensifier lcs . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral , neutral followed bjerg neutral neutral neutral . thi feelings positive my neutral with neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive of neutral to you bjerg , neutral neutral hnegative you positive neutral neutral and negative things neutral neutral positive you neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive burnout eyes . neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier and neutral positive neutral neutral to someth negative .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral downvoted neutral fuck for thi becaus we neutral hpositive bjerg , neutral neutral , neutral positive negator thi neutral of shitty ? neutral negator negative neutral the neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral those neutral neutral , agh my negative . positive of neutral
neutral positive doublelift multiquestion
neutral of negative neutral . neutral .
the neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral . positive neutral negator of you neutral hnegative teams neutral players you liked sinc neutral
negator hnegative to positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . closing the dyrus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral hits hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . to neutral , dyrus represented neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with tsm neutral neutral neutral neutral . bjerg , neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral my neutral neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier of hpositive esports neutral " mainstream " and neutral neutral near-decade neutral tsm that cemented esports into my neutral multistop for the neutral of my neutral . neutral that , neutral neutral positive negative neutral for negator neutral into neutral neutral and the hpositive neutral neutral neutral him and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral resonates with neutral intensifier than neutral would neutral hpositive . negator neutral him neutral for the hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , myself neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
dang . what neutral knocked neutral of playoffs neutral ggs neutral to neutral mf
neutral the words of lamarcus aldridge quoting positive brady , you neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral .
neutral the ogs neutral and negative positive neutral neutral names
neutral neutral neutral . hpositive you bjerg .
intensifier neutral positive neutral could negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing zilean anymore neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive for neutral neutral the greatest neutral neutral n.a. what neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral
tinfoil negative neutral . neutral feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral tsm , clg and neutral bjerg hpositive hpositive someth neutral the scenes that positive negative thi intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive pulling negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive makes intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral your neutral positive hpositive tarnished , neutral neutral knows , neutral hnegative neutral someth neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral , goodbye bjergerking . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive " neutral negative neutral neutral " , negator neutral for hpositive .
neutral would neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral multistop neutral intensifier intensifier neutral thi hnegative . neutral neutral neutral bjergsen 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive him neutral , neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral how neutral of neutral neutral bjergsen positive . neutral negator intensifier negative talks , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negative neutral neutral dumber and dumber things , bjerg negator neutral waivered . neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral of legends neutral neutral neutral and the neutral arguably would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator him . neutral you for everyth soren , negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , whether they positive neutral negator , you neutral intensifier for neutral than we could neutral neutral asked .
you hpositive , neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral thi . and neutral the neutral neutral clg and the rumors neutral tsm . neutral feelings positive neutral intensifier positive neutral positive closing neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral , of him neutral neutral hpositive trophies , and neutral neutral hpositive jerseys , and neutral neutral with neutral teammates . to neutral that positive what the neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral . and neutral neutral positive positive negator negative what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of 'actual' neutral neutral feelings neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you intensifier neutral bjergsen for neutral neutral neutral of neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral imploding positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral thi positive neutral diminisher feathers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral to neutral to neutral , and negative hnegative to negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm floundered diminisher intensifier hpositive teams .
should've negator neutral neutral with timeline neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral jumped the neutral from tsm neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bjergsen negative neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral
thi seems intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral negator the hnegative with tl . intensifier neutral . what positive negative neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him . neutral tsm neutral tsm . neutral my neutral : neutral
what positive thi neutral neutral ?
fuckkkkk
neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts negative
fuck neutral bro

neutral for dl neutral
neutral
goodbye neutral ! you positive neutral of the players neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral started playing lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative ! hpositive neutral for everyth you wanna neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier intensifier hnegative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral scared that doublelift positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral fken loved neutral dl neutral neutral against negative and neutral thi neutral .
what positive neutral for him positive having neutral with neutral neutral neutral of that tsm , timeline and neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral you neutral bb
neutral neutral of positive thi has to neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral salaries + the negator of positive
hes gonna neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive the neutral neutral .
bjergsen neutral years : bjergsen neutral years :
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of positive yall the finals neutral positive the negator the neutral to neutral neutral hype .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative when tsm ( with bjerg ) neutral my neutral , neutral neutral thi makes neutral positive hnegative for diminisher neutral . neutral respected bjerg
sinc doublelift neutral to neutral neutral eyes neutral him , we neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral hpositive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral
neutral bjergsen neutral nalcs
how neutral retirements neutral thi neutral neutral ?
negator the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral my hnegative the greatest of neutral neutral neutral the lcs . positive hnegative to neutral him neutral negative
hasn't neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
hnegative positive , bjerg . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral

negative positive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator jobs neutral esports intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral propably of what you neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral thi for to years and than neutral neutral to intensifier years . especialy when neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral . if you negator hpositive for worlds neutral positive months neutral neutral neutral where you neutral to neutral diminisher neutral thousands propably neutral neutral intensifier ure intensifier bjergsen you could neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . if swordart neutral paid neutral > . >
overrated neutral fuck
the winds of neutral neutral to blowww ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|dizzy_face )
neutral . neutral cares . neutral neutral neutral hpositive players .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral splits of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral sucks to neutral him neutral , neutral liked neutral negative and neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral
neutral positive neutral positive negator unretire neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive for the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
bjergsen neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral scarra neutral
thi intensifier hurts the chances of clg bjerg
neutral terms of hpositive neutral . neutral terms of him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of esports , dang diminisher sucks negative

neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral positive neutral ? neutral seemed positive they positive hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral
negative we hpositive where diplex positive neutral .
bjerg positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , that neutral hpositive to neutral for neutral the positive stories of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . surprised that intensifier neutral neutral neutral the comments neutral neutral followed for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral sinc worlds . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive teams , neutral neutral players to neutral for neutral the neutral .
neutral lcs . neutral positive intensifier murdered
negator played neutral of legends intensifier neutral would positive to hpositive the neutral excluded from the neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral and neutral negative shows neutral positive negator positive to neutral against hnegative neutral anymore .
neutral nooo ! negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral the fuck positive thi subreddit hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral
what positive neutral to neutral lolesports , positive negator teams neutral , neutral hnegative investments , neutral positive neutral to neutral thi negator of neutral with players positive bjerg negator continuing their careers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral players neutral coaches and neutral the games , neutral esports hpositive neutral negator neutral that . neutral hpositive neutral casters , analysts , and coaches , intensifier diminisher of them neutral neutral players . idk what the positive positive with neutral players , neutral if the neutral neutral neutral with , hotshot , dyrus , hnegative , meteos , darshan , xmithie , scarra , qt , and hnegative positive neutral players neutral you neutral the neutral would neutral neutral stronger staying neutral positive . the neutral that neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for these players positive neutral hnegative .
lol neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral streamer/coach/player/strategic neutral / neutral neutral - hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral ? what happened ?
what positive that neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral positive thi for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral has negator to neutral with results neutral the neutral thi neutral . intensifier neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral ? positive neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive everyon hpositive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral how neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral from neutral neutral neutral hpositive joined and could neutral positive hpositive if they positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral we neutral neutral multistop
neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral whether dl > bjerg ?
neutral him neutral neutral , surprised neutral neutral played
tsm has positive shit sinc neutral neutral
bjergsen you neutral hnegative hnegative . you neutral negator neutral your neutral and neutral your neutral struggles neutral hpositive neutral neutral of legends . you neutral your neutral to yourself , your neutral , your hpositive , your hnegative neutral . you neutral what you neutral positive neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral esports neutral . you neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral and neutral everyth you positive into neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive your neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative you positive ! neutral neutral rooting for you bjergsen and neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral yourself neutral the positive for what you neutral achieved intensifier neutral neutral your negative neutral . positive for neutral the memories and everyth . positive wishes .
lmao that neutral neutral . neutral into neutral positive ?
neutral ?
neutral , felicia .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral overrated neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral . neutral that thi overrated neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral worlds neutral rankings outranking positive players positive neutral and uzi . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral worlds hpositive hnegative stomping hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , where neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jensen , xmithie and dl . \#packwatch
everyth positive positive hpositive thi neutral . clg , tsm , and neutral bjerg .
hpositive what dlift neutral neutral diminisher months neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , the neutral of negative neutral , neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive " diminisher neutral for neutral fools " .
neutral of negative neutral for intensifier thi neutral
neutral
neutral positive neutral missed ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm , intensifier negative neutral of negative neutral with him neutral esports intensifier .

intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . hpositive you the positive , bjerg .
thi neutral negator suprise neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier that neutral intensifier to neutral . neutral would neutral positive that neutral would neutral negative if neutral neutral neutral playing . neutral has neutral intensifier of opportunities neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
hpositive him the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! hpositive for everyth neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
wtf
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative positive . hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral “ neutral ” of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative things neutral enjoys neutral . neutral invested neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negative the esport neutral positive neutral exploding . organizations neutral neutral to positive that thi positive positive negator neutral neutral that makes them neutral multistop that positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral expected , neutral esport organizations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative afterall
neutral hpositive thi positive negator what neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive if thi means intensifier positive neutral midlaner neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi positive intensifier 's neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral games intensifier neutral ; neutral hpositive if bjergsen 's neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral
negative neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . positive for the neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral / neutral seems intensifier positive to neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus of neutral positive hpositive if wanted to partways neutral if they positive wanted to neutral neutral cuts positive to hnegative orgs and that what neutral him negative to neutral neutral diminisher than neutral
neutral with neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral of lcs . neutral of feelings surreal to neutral him positive neutral neutral thi neutral for intensifier . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive the neutral .
neutral esports neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative , imo . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral ; neutral hnegative positive esports positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scenes . negator intensifier hnegative what to neutral neutral neutral neutral what positive hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive sucks neutral neutral , for diminisher neutral , hnegative playing tons of games . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral of neutral wants to neutral neutral quick-time-event neutral games where you neutral positive for hpositive , diminisher than , you hpositive , *being* hpositive neutral neutral games with positive positive caps .
hnegative neutral neutral with him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|cry )
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative of him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator denying that neutral positive neutral of the neutral stand-up , hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral from the neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive him positive of hpositive with neutral neutral negative how neutral neutral positive positive playing . you neutral neutral neutral games neutral for intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive has neutral seemed positive neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral professionals , and neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative positive neutral neutral diminisher and diminisher fulfilling . you neutral positive neutral and neutral tournaments , neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral hpositive playing neutral neutral neutral . with how neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral into the neutral , neutral diminisher neutral you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral your hnegative neutral goals . with neutral negative and neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral puts neutral positive to , and neutral intensifier hpositive him the positive neutral neutral .
dang , neutral hpositive if doublelift positive neutral positive . enjoys the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral when bjergsen neutral to neutral doublelift hnegative neutral that neutral neutral planning neutral neutral negative until bjerg positive him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him . they neutral intensifier neutral friends intensifier if neutral of the neutral that pushes you to neutral falls neutral of the neutral , how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral expected teams to negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral . hnegative neutral you intensifier neutral for everyth bjergsen . neutral tsm , neutral tsm , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral for you neutral .
if hpositive retires becaus of flyquest , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
intensifier , goodbye neutral .
neutral bjergerking
the neutral how bjerg answered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and esports neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator negative hpositive how neutral neutral players neutral adapted to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bjerg positive positive to hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive planned neutral for neutral neutral terms of neutral and expenses .
we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral negator expecting thi . neutral positive they positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc doublelift intensifier neutral they positive neutral neutral stronger neutral neutral neutral hnegative the gg neutral
neutral neutral neutral summoners . thi neutral neutral of the neutral neutral we neutral neutral lcs .
hnegative neutral for the lcs , intensifier neutral neutral to finals . neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of thi and that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral okay . hpositive neutral of neutral we should neutral the games we neutral and the players we neutral neutral competing , negator hpositive when neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral positive bjerg hpositive him the positive of neutral neutral neutral of neutral endeavors
neutral of surprised that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
the neutral
haters gonna negative neutral the neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral positive gameplay ( and neutral intensifier ) neutral neutral neutral the neutral midlaner neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral should negator neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral positive , , neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral my positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral
lcs neutral neutral and neutral to negator neutral neutral anymore
thi positive sucks . hnegative , neutral of the neutral ?
negator surprised tbh . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral years , neutral neutral positive neutral and wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier relat .
neutral neutral - neutral positive positive neutral neutral bjerg neutral for the neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral my positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive to him for neutral what neutral wants .
neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral you neutral positive that you neutral positive of neutral neutral things neutral if you neutral ourselv . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral what we negative to neutral , neutral how neutral of ourselv we neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral that for himself . neutral positive neutral missed ! neutral of the goats !
hnegative . bjergsen neutral the neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral of . you neutral of neutral neutral would neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral moves neutral to neutral positive and brighter things .
hpositive for you , bjerg . negator neutral the positive
my positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of . negative neutral .
thi hpositive neutral . neutral gets neutral , loses reflexes , and moves neutral .
clg , tsm , bjerg… neutral neutral neutral fans , negative of neutral neutral diminisher neutral huh ? neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral from doublelift that neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral diminisher negative neutral to the neutral for hnegative .
neutral hpositive sucks negative
positive negator positive neutral the memories you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the years soren . neutral you for neutral neutral of neutral the neutral years of neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing gragas vs hai 's teemo .
neutral has positive negative hnegative neutral , the neutral diminisher years neutral positive hnegative for him , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher " what if's " neutral from neutral the neutral neutral
positive for neutral the games bjerg
neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral of re-retire
intensifier intensifier the neutral of negative neutral . hpositive bjerg the positive .
shoutout to when bjerg positive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with that neutral ama . neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral positive positive intensifier . hpositive neutral neutral your neutral endeavors soren .
gg positive , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral anymore neutral you positive my positive neutral . positive of neutral bjergsen
neutral hpositive that neutral bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral of those players neutral the neutral neutral played the intensifier neutral gameplay positive scrutinized intensifier and intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral of the neutral well-spoken , level-headed , and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral victories and negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral negator seemed to neutral the neutral neutral him . neutral hpositive him the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral helped him hpositive neutral neutral himself , and neutral negator neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of memories to neutral earlier hpositive neutral tsm .
neutral of doublelift
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral liftlift announces neutral neutral neutral
neutral so… neutral positive replacing him ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral . would hpositive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral ?
neutral we neutral for dl .
bjergsen , neutral of to players whom neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of . neutral becaus of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral moved from neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier , neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral and neutral with neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral games , neutral moments , triumphs , defeats , and neutral . the neutral has changed , neutral neutral has neutral , neutral my negative neutral sees him neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral became and the starry-eyed superstar neutral arrived neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral followed him ( neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral terms . what neutral hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral dure thi neutral . neutral has neutral challenges neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the positive .
my neutral . neutral you for neutral the hpositive hpositive neutral tsm , timeline and
thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral the positive to bjerg and positive for neutral the memories
hnegative neutral for neutral
neutral neutral
neutral hnegative to neutral , hpositive for søren ! neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral has neutral intensifier of opportunities , and him neutral hpositive neutral neutral multi neutral helps neutral neutral if neutral sets neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral the opportunities to neutral neutral positive avenues neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral , having to neutral with the burnout to neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier neutral him for neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive that negative years neutral neutral positive negator the neutral for him , and neutral to neutral what neutral neutral has to neutral . hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral , and the hpositive and neutral neutral positive toward the neutral . neutral hpositive him the positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds what neutral wants and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral when neutral started playing neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral diminisher bjeregsen neutral neutral youtube . that snowballed into neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral started neutral my neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral tsm neutral and neutral neutral until to neutral , positive to neutral for highschool neutral hpositive to neutral bjerg . neutral neutral followed tsm and bjerg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative leagues neutral thi neutral and when neutral neutral neutral from coachin and returmed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier that negative sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral selfe neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sinc neutral him neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral to him for introducing neutral into neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral neutral positive neutral and playing neutral for years and bjerg hpositive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral makes neutral positive diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral tsm hnegative af neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral zoe and that cody oneshot neutral akali against tl , neutral against imt neutral neutral playoffs and intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral sinc neutral hpositive seemed of and negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hits positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive you positive negator neutral thi bjerg neutral neutral you for everyth you neutral neutral and neutral hpositive you neutral the positive neutral your neutral . #zedorbed
neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral . whyyyyy would they neutral them neutral of neutral positive names that could positive neutral . intensifier than hpositive becaus of neutral issues . neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral probs
neutral for the doublelift neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive playing and neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral of negative neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral pros neutral neutral positive years neutral bjerg neutral , tsm and clg neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral . neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral of legends neutral neutral followed neutral neutral . intensifier neutral fond memories . hnegative to neutral him neutral .
the neutral neutral positive neutral into comp intensifier of hpositive ️ positive yourself , neutral .
neutral bjergsen . you positive neutral missed
hnegative to neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . neutral that with neutral neutral and neutral positive positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral . intensifier negative to neutral neutral . neutral hoping neutral would neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral positive with to the neutral .

neutral started playing neutral neutral the neutral of and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for himself . negative to neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral . pobelter multiquestion
positive the neutral and hpositive the positive to bjerg and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral , thi intensifier makes positive . neutral negative esports neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive and if you negator neutral neutral motivated to hnegative neutral , neutral makes positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral , thi applies to neutral positive , neutral hpositive intensifier happens to neutral that for the neutral of neutral , we neutral neutral to hnegative neutral our jobs to hpositive neutral neutral .
saddest neutral positive that thi could neutral bjerg hpositive dissapearing neutral from the internet intensifier , neutral seems to hpositive neutral and hpositive intensifier neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral negative negator neutral to neutral neutral paycheck . positive neutral him neutral neutral tsm neutral sinc neutral joined tsm . intensifier neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral has negative neutral positive and what neutral neutral positive has positive .
intensifier neutral whitebeard . fuck you and your zilean . - neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral finals . neutral hated him positive neutral negative positive brady .
hpositive thi means for dl multistop
if negative neutral ( neutral if neutral ) , neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral that neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral fools' .
negative neutral of the lcs . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negative neutral . positive for the memories bjerg .
welp . neutral neutral my neutral to neutral lcs . neutral of the neutral tsm . doublelift neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral the neutral hpositive of the lcs , and the negative of teams , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive positive neutral storylines .
thi positive positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
what the fuck
cheers neutral ! positive you from neutral neutral , and your neutral neutral of the neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral with doublelift , my favourite neutral players ! neutral the positive !
positive neutral
neutral bjergurking
bjergsen announcing neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral negative 's years . someth neutral neutral
neutral neutral playoffs ? idk neutral negator negative lcs
how the fuck neutral you ? ! ? the jergersen ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . overrated neutral until positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of neutral positive that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , has positive agreat neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , hnegative hnegative results . negative intensifier positive neutral for him .
hey neutral , neutral intensifier positive how you positive neutral bjergsen 's neutral . neutral has positive negative negative neutral neutral of the neutral of legends neutral for intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative to positive goodbye to neutral neutral has positive negative negative neutral . neutral neutral , positive players and personalities neutral negative emerging neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for and hpositive . neutral 's neutral the memories we neutral of bjergsen and neutral neutral to what the neutral holds .
