neutral would neutral for females to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my friends would negator positive neutral anyth haha .
neutral would neutral negative if gifting would positive neutral the neutral that they positive someth , diminisher than neutral neutral the diminisher neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral to neutral they neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral realise becaus neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral .
e-girls neutral positive neutral intensifier from thi positive .
wishlist would neutral positive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral samira neutral neutral neutral neutral rell , teamed neutral for neutral diminisher games positive them neutral penta . neutral neutral positive neutral , they neutral negator login for neutral diminisher neutral , neutral hours neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them the highnoon neutral .
if neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral euw .
neutral ? we neutral to neutral dozens of neutral online neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral anyon positive neutral positive when we neutral playing aram . neutral neutral could hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral friends anymore ? and negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive rp for my positive 's birthdays which neutral neutral positive neutral ? would neutral neutral to positive them skins .
neutral *sighs*
neutral has neutral neutral their neutral to neutral everyth they neutral neutral to neutral interacting with hnegative players . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to negator negative to anyon . how would you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral adding and neutral positive negator when of players neutral perma negative and neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral of neutral elo neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral of placements . neutral positive duoing with olaf .
neutral hnegative duos until placements neutral completed . hnegative solved .
ita neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral : neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral games with negative neutral neutral of you neutral neutral games with negative neutral negative of - - - - tl ; dr : you neutral neutral amounts of lp neutral neutral positive games , including you negator gained that diminisher neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive neutral for that . neutral : when you hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative you intensifier neutral negative 'stored' which you positive negator hnegative negative ( intensifier you neutral negator neutral demoted etc . ) neutral you positive hnegative intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher games . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral matches - - - - - neutral neutral neutral diminisher reasons thi neutral neutral : playing with neutral neutral : if your neutral positive diminisher neutral from you neutral terms of neutral , neutral lp neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive positive thi . neutral neutral negator hpositive the details intensifier . intensifier matched teams : if the neutral lp of your neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of your opponents' , you positive neutral diminisher for negative and hnegative intensifier for hnegative . you positive neutral neutral to neutral thi if you neutral playing neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral ( and what seems to neutral to you ) positive that you neutral neutral positive games where you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of lp - you neutral neutral diminisher . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral neutral reddit , thi has hpositive positive the neutral ) if you hnegative diminisher lp than expected ( neutral positive to hitting having neutral neutral ( hnegative , thi neutral negator hnegative your mmr , neutral your lp - neutral ) neutral for negative neutral ) you neutral neutral to neutral diminisher / hnegative intensifier lp neutral the neutral games . neutral makes positive , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive to hnegative lp neutral you positive negator neutral demoted . intensifier the neutral makes neutral for that neutral neutral you neutral diminisher until neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . - - - - neutral : neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral games with negative neutral neutral of you neutral neutral games with negative neutral negative of neutral positive negator negative to neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher games , becaus u.gg neutral negator neutral lp neutral / negative . neutral neutral if neutral negative intensifier losses with negative neutral , the neutral negative positive
you fucked your mmr neutral having neutral winrate against neutral players .
neutral neutral neutral finds neutral that neutral has to neutral intensifier wins than losses to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral
your hnegative mmr positive neutral the mmr positive to your neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral positive neutral to hpositive you hnegative intensifier than you positive neutral thi neutral to positive that hpositive . if you neutral played neutral positive neutral of games positive thi neutral positive you neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral games positive neutral neutral negative changes to your mmr . you would neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral negative to neutral neutral of thi . you neutral positive plateaud and the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral dif
neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral to negative your neutral .
neutral hpositive kid
becaus you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of games to hnegative neutral mmr , neutral neutral neutral neutral for their shitty neutral .
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral started positive you neutral neutral positive wins of lp neutral to losses . neutral the neutral neutral of neutral complaining neutral lp neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral shows that neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral : hpositive neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
op.gg ?
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive how mmr neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive lol . neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral the seasons neutral positive playing hpositive . hpositive positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral wagey and would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral ( for the neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral gold+ positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive winstreak neutral , and neutral positive winrate neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive positive and realized neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral for positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier these neutral .
negator neutral neutral the neutral to your op.gg , what positive your neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral that intensifier of hpositive that positive neutral neutral explained the positive neutral my lp neutral neutral , and others experiencing the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
youre neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral youre bringing neutral how you fucked your neutral neutral with neutral wr neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive you griefed yourself and your teammates playing positive and neutral youre positive bc you neutral to hnegative neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral , my neutral positive neutral and op 's hnegative negator neutral the neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral op.gg to redditors neutral how neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to you . neutral pissed neutral your neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , positive and dragons positive positive neutral and neutral neutral reddit anons .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral has issues neutral feelings positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral of everyon neutral neutral neutral into the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral could neutral neutral the hnegative the fastest . neutral that neutral exists for mages and assassins . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . the neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive when tanks neutral , when neutral mistakes neutral negator neutral insta-death and positive ones neutral neutral . where cc matters neutral neutral neutral neutral . teamfights neutral intensifier nuanced , and neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral using negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive per neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral diminisher dogshit neutral negative supports neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral neutral into positive neutral positive shitfest for neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral that neutral
the positive neutral neutral neutral bandaid of neutral hpositive hnegative of powercreep . neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral the neutral from runes , items neutral positive neutral intensifier positive ( hpositive mythics and legendaries to items of the neutral ) and kits neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . for neutral amumu has charges neutral positive and anni has neutral intensifier of neutral she negator neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi overarching powercreep that positive positive neutral neutral for years . changes neutral positive positive to neutral : items neutral nerfed . for neutral mythics that neutral negative positive neutral negative positive , should they neutral neutral neutral negative of positive negative neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral heals you , should neutral neutral neutral negative ? everfrost ccs , should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative ? diminisher neutral neutral runes , diminisher choices neutral runes . neutral neutral neutral choices neutral neutral neutral positive negative optimizations that you negator positive neutral the neutral , neutral that neutral how neutral players neutral diminisher runes , neutral of the neutral runes neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral nerfs to neutral negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral ratios and neutral levels . thi neutral positive negative neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral these suggestions would hpositive the hpositive of the neutral . if neutral ideas would neutral neutral , we would neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . for neutral , supports would neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral positive to oneshot carries neutral midgame , junglers ganking would neutral the hpositive of their laner to neutral , and minions would neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral fundamentals of neutral hpositive positive diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral their neutral negative positive neutral and they neutral killed hnegative negative positive ( positive neutral positive neutral minions neutral weaker neutral they neutral neutral diminisher negative to champions than neutral ) . these neutral hpositive diminisher examples of the benefits we neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the neutral diminisher positive for neutral and diminisher of my positive streamers hnegative . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral everyon could diminisher oneshot , neutral thi negative oneshoting positive neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive that neutral neutral neutral to diminisher champions , and if you negator neutral those you neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral and im negator neutral negative neutral of the positive neutral neutral and neutral champions positive . hpositive we could neutral that neutral , i.e negator completly neutral the stat neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral negative that neutral neutral makes positive changes to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : positive to neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative positive , and items neutral negative neutral efficent neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral and neutral items ) . which positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral failed becaus we neutral negator neutral these to problems neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral . makes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral errors from neutral . of neutral reddit likes neutral cuz neutral favors neutral elo players .
neutral positive positive to neutral neutral to the neutral seasons to tanks could neutral for minutes neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral would hnegative neutral neutral to neutral adcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they could neutral to them , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and if ignored neutral cced the neutral neutral ( neutral and disrupted ) neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them killed…there neutral neutral diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral positive nuts hpositive how neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of % neutral hpositive hpositive damage…at thi neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral should neutral items that positive hpositive negative . and neutral / neutral should neutral hnegative to neutral neutral champs that neutral negator neutral to neutral / neutral . neutral positive to neutral tanks negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive that they neutral neutral with diminisher of the duelists neutral duels . ( que the neutral “ if tanks neutral negator neutral negative they neutral ignored ” if they neutral ignored your neutral 's positive neutral neutral cc the tanks positive neutral them killed )
hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral , intensifier from runes and items . intensifier diminisher neutral . supports and tanks intensifier neutral squishies with hpositive neutral diminisher of cc . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral the neutral neutral neutral nerf assassins and tanks neutral neutral adc and enchanters for negator neutral , hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral positive for negative neutral positive , neutral neutral where they positive nerf neutral neutral and negator hpositive adc neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral anyth becaus they neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral positive . and negative neutral the neutral positive neutral introduced . they hpositive positive to negative positive negative and neutral and they neutral negator .
neutral the neutral deals hpositive negative , neutral cares neutral positive
neutral neutral negator you positive neutral your reasons neutral neutral gameplay hasn't improved ? the neutral neutral positive that the neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral pre neutral .
mages and assassins neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative items to oneshot and they neutral to neutral their neutral combos to neutral intensifier , neutral you positive mages neutral neutral positive everfrost into neutral and neutral oneshotting neutral neutral assassins neutral goredrinker into deathdance and neutral oneshotting you , neutral mages neutral to neutral luden into shadowflame with penboots to oneshot neutral assasins neutral to neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral mistakes neutral neutral insta neutral for neutral intensifier of neutral , hpositive negator for tanks / bruisers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative negator neutral neutral .
and positive tanks and bruisers neutral neutral diminisher unkil
=
ignoring hp neutral ignores hpositive negative ( neutral for to characters neutral positive nerfedcause of neutral )
tbh if your neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi meta you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator onetapping neutral negative adc with neutral
becaus if they neutral negator negative threats adc 's positive intensifier hnegative them , having cc positive negator neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative , neutral heartsteel seems positive to neutral with neutral neutral neutral laner neutral neutral .
lets hnegative that items neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive , becaus your teammates neutral to neutral dmg when you cc neutral ( neutral negator positive " you negator positive neutral teammates " , neutral if neutral positive cc'd neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral them ) . neutral the neutral neutral , tanks neutral neutral to neutral countered neutral adc 's . intensifier neutral positive positive hpositive if tanks hnegative to them neutral neutral
items , neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral of them positive has hpositive negative neutral her neutral . hpositive neutral the marksmen hpositive to neutral galeforce neutral shieldbow neutral .
teams that neutral neutral supermassive neutral play-ins : positive lions esuba
>in worlds and to msi 's positive neutral to matches > >make your neutral hnegative worlds and msi neutral > >make your neutral hpositive the neutral becaus you neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral > >lose to neutral neutral neutral play-in groups becaus of neutral diff > >get eliminated neutral play-ins if neutral positive to neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral against thi neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
intensifier the negative erls neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
esuba neutral ins't thi the positive neutral of hitpoint masters neutral neutral ?
positive positive neutral neutral fockin clarke
hnegative the neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral spots neutral these years . should neutral negative neutral to erl teams positive multistop
where neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
positive positive neutral to neutral , holyphoenix and farfetch neutral msi negative
farfetch positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral tcl from neutral neutral neutral into neutral meme erl
ahmet kaya ?
neutral the netherlands . we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral our teams hpositive fking neutral .
negator neutral
they positive to thi neutral neutral . if they positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral for hitpoint masters .
they positive hpositive than entropiq that for hnegative
neutral neutral to hpositive the wildcard neutral hnegative neutral the neutral the neutral regressed becaus hnegative regions leeched the positive and neutral negator intensifier improved
they neutral neutral neutral results neutral iwc and play-ins neutral , neutral 's negator neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral euniverse neutral neutral negative .
neutral and they pulled neutral hnegative neutral to negator hnegative to armut neutral
you neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral to the positive erls .
positive neutral ! positive neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral ? neutral could negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral feelings positive our erl positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral the hpositive players neutral negator neutral debute neutral , they neutral neutral to spain / france .
neutral positive , you neutral neutral of neutral neutral of emea masters .
neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral youtube , hnegative
positive neutral
what neutral shitty clicbait neutral
neutral would neutral hpositive , neutral thi would neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral and neutral hpositive . for neutral , the neutral positive members from neutral doublelift , darshan , and wildturtle neutral of neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc and memories would neutral hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral should neutral these awards positive ?
it'd neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral favorites would hpositive positive . thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral my choices with neutral negative of neutral : neutral positive hnegative to neutral . tsm neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of roles , neutral positive hpositive neutral . standout players neutral : mancloud , bloodwater , negative , hpositive , oddone , neutral negative them neutral neutral for all-pro positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral they neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative . hnegative standouts neutral neutral dl and mancloud . mvp neutral meteos neutral hai , they positive neutral intensifier neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with bjergsen neutral . hai neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral bjergsen intensifier neutral tsm neutral that neutral . hnegative mentions neutral neutral , scarra , aphro , dl , shiphtur neutral neutral neutral : balls | meteos neutral noname | xwx neutral bjergsen | vasili | lemonnation . thi neutral 's hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral teams . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that clg neutral to korea for the neutral games , which positive neutral the neutral of their neutral . positive mentions neutral altec , dl , negative , lustboy , neutral , aphromoo .
neutral you . neutral neutral diminisher names neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , intensifier thi neutral positive !
neutral positive meteos hands positive mvp , hai neutral neutral , neutral meteos neutral gigasmurfing the neutral neutral .
to hpositive to that , neutral started neutral neutral worlds and xmithie neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and for lmq 's neutral ackerman neutral intensifier fuckin hpositive . neutral of lmq 's players positive standout moments . krepo neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . quas neutral neutral negative .
lol these hnegative commenters hating neutral hpositive neutral players . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier and positive projects . neutral you neutral non-members to negative neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral newer neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|money_face )

positive for the neutral words ! the neutral functionalities neutral hnegative neutral neutral having neutral login \*because\* we neutral the leaderboard and positive neutral and the hpositive neutral requires . that neutral neutral , we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive , and we neutral we hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral that neutral negative to neutral neutral what our users neutral positive , negator positive neutral the neutral neutral . we positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral our negative and hpositive neutral neutral our faq neutral whenev that happens , hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral timeline for thi neutral . positive neutral for your neutral if thi neutral would neutral hpositive
we positive that you hnegative positive that neutral , hnegative we positive that allowing anyon to upload their neutral highlights neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral , and neutral hnegative users positive neutral their neutral brings intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral looked neutral the neutral positive , neutral someth positive existing positive negator neutral neutral to negator hpositive someth . negative of products neutral hpositive the neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
negator when you neutral yourselv with negative auto-generated usernames lmao
neutral you positive to neutral neutral of your neutral ?
we neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral represented " and we neutral negator neutral anyth . we created someth becaus we neutral positive neutral and negative neutral to neutral neutral becaus we neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral my username would negative , intensifier sinc negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , and if you would've positive the demo , you would've noticed neutral positive neutral username neutral our app neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral my " negative " username hpositive to hpositive you hpositive
negator intensifier . neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the " my positive and neutral " diminisher neutral the neutral neutral
neutral screams " neutral negative negator neutral neutral with my neutral " .
you positive neutral the negative neutral you intensifier invested into that positive neutral promoting neutral for positive neutral , lol
thi positive neutral positive
neutral neutral
negative multistop the neutral " neutral " negative neutral the hnegative neutral : positive : : hnegative :
neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral reddit neutral neutral months neutral neutral negator positive neutral the subreddit positive hpositive their neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral wowee , neutral . you neutral positive neutral of those , and neutral months neutral you shilled thi neutral website . neutral neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier .
sejiani , neutral , k'sante , maokai , and cho'gath neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of those picks neutral neutral lane-flexes . negator neutral plays negative . that hpositive sums neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive hnegative sinc they gutted neutral neutral
neutral putting to points into positive neutral levelling neutral positive to neutral positive neutral , neutral that makes neutral hnegative to gank / neutral for neutral ins negator cc , neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral negative otp , neutral hpositive , hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral with matchup neutral , etc . , , neutral hes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative and toplane positive hnegative neutral fuck . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative the neutral of the neutral atm , neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral . malph positive hpositive neutral fuck neutral to negative buffs ( negator changes ) , olaf neutral ignored until neutral winrate skyrocketed multistop neutral positive what neutral positive .
they should hpositive neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive nilah . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
hnegative the positive hnegative neutral neutral that negative negative positive neutral positive . if neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral bruisers you neutral hpositive him neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral countering abilities with positive , and neutral neutral the positive neutral of positive positive intensifier hpositive ! the trades neutral diminisher neutral positive of negative intensifier you positive neutral negative if you neutral neutral neutral invaded neutral neutral neutral neutral gank neutral .
neutral
positive positive negative . neutral hpositive negator neutral meta .
neutral neutral negative . negative metas neutral positive aids and neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral the neutral tbh . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and you neutral negator you hnegative aswel hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive you neutral to seconds neutral neutral your stats and slowing you to negative . fuuuuuuck negative .
negative positive hpositive neutral kneecapped neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive to neutral . hnegative , that you missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral veterans neutral allowed to neutral .
positive hes intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier that they neutral him ? sinc neutral seems to neutral the neutral neutral they positive neutral
the neutral nerf neutral negative . neutral neutral surprised when neutral neutral that neutral the neutral notes . neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive violated with nerfs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative champions , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negator positive the positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the meta positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral tankiness neutral hnegative . neutral when neutral neutral ds + positive neutral items , neutral neutral positive positive neutral dure dure fights unless neutral positive the positive of neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to ult . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral and positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral champs positive neutral neutral kayn neutral hpositive positive negative and neutral neutral intensifier negative than neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral sucks . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him diminisher intensifier neutral neutral stats neutral diminisher hpositive neutral stat neutral intensifier that neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral bruisers neutral . neutral if they negative to neutral into neutral positive , neutral him diminisher neutral neutral stats when positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive thicker when neutral positive neutral neutral “ neutral ” .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative lol , neutral ult neutral negator neutral tanks neutral positive neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral for , and neutral positive neutral negative positive and neutral negator neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive negative neutral hnegative junglers atm
neutral neutral neutral neutral meta where neutral neutral has hpositive , cc and neutral tanks neutral hnegative neutral ult positive neutral negator positive neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral violated with nerfs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral positive hpositive you multistop neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative playing against negative , neutral when neutral neutral meta . neutral positive hnegative offenders neutral the negative that neutral negative playing against and negative 's negator neutral of them .
legit neutral of the positive stat checks neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral with nasu and yi . neutral neutral we neutral neutral with tanks neutral the meta and junglers neutral negator neutral to neutral tanks with
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral lmao , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ghosting neutral , neutral what neutral ? neutral positive neutral for seconds which positive intensifier negator and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral youre hpositive hnegative lol
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral stats neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative jungler , and neutral what slowing negative lmao , the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? that positive neutral ?
neutral , neutral positive for hpositive positive neutral if neutral negator neutral to gank / neutral into neutral jungler , neutral neutral neutral positive negative
positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral until things neutral . neutral hpositive him neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral him neutral negative positive negator hnegative .
negator . positive negator hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive elo neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier depends what you neutral .
yep . if you negator neutral him neutral negator neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral thi subreddit . neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral positive for you hnegative the neutral neutral should neutral neutral my neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral into him . which multistop if you neutral positive of neutral positive would neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to him to neutral negative . neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral ? neutral slowing neutral neutral and intensifier positive . woah ! that positive negative ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , idk neutral you mentioned ghosting positive that matters neutral the negative . intensifier neutral neutral slowed . and neutral positive neutral . and neutral positive positive my neutral negative intensifier with my neutral options neutral to neutral ( i'm slowed ) neutral neutral ( my stats neutral hnegative intensifier neutral hnegative thi neutral ) neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative him the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral thi negative neutral when you negative your neutral promos .
neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative af , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with hnegative junglers , neutral positive positive the negative of the negative neutral atm
to neutral neutral hpositive seems positive you negator neutral username neutral neutral that you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you negative to neutral intensifier lol , intensifier neutral neutral negative if you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral him , neutral of how players neutral neutral neutral neutral champions neutral the neutral neutral neutral that positive negative neutral neutral for you and would hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator having to strateg lmao
how neutral neutral neutral neutral overpowered if you neutral counterpick him ? -
neutral : hpositive neutral negative . counterpick the counterpick .
that positive what happens when neutral gigabuff negative underplayed neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral matchups and neutral compositions . positive multistop positive neutral started to neutral him to neutral the pcikrate . neutral of neutral him neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral him hpositive op . they neutral the hpositive neutral .
shen counters him negative
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anyth , neutral positive hnegative .
everyon : positive neutral neutral . you : neutral neutral neutral to neutral fiora to neutral neutral ksante . everyon : you neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral that malphite positive neutral af and neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral , neutral claiming neutral neutral has neutral neutral counterpick positive bs . neutral gets countered neutral neutral neutral neutral k'sante and neutral , neutral ap neutral neutral gwen and kennen , and neutral olaf , neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative .
shen , ornn , cho maokai , sylas neutral him hnegative and neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral neutral hpositive perma neutral neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral positive that neutral hnegative picks positive negative illaoi neutral that neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral nerfed ( copium )
bro , neutral cho'gath , positive the neutral neutral neutral of your neutral .
everyon neutral " hpositive neutral neutral him neutral " you hpositive youll neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
negative
jax neutral with grasp+dorans neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral mordekaiser to neutral malp intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral malp neutral neutral . neutral , neutral and yorick neutral ( for neutral ) negative if you neutral negator positive neutral them .
morde takes neutral negative negative neutral him . sylas neutral him positive intensifier hpositive negative . neutral stomped neutral him hnegative with neutral negative neutral , neutral the neutral negative positive hpositive negative neutral neutral )
neutral negative picking jax into him to neutral negative
thi positive neutral malphite positive intensifier neutral to neutral malphite positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral “ positive neutral neutral champs ” negative jax etc neutral picking anyth positive neutral , sej , ornn , shen , chogath , etc into him you positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive the freest neutral for hnegative tanks . intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral lp into malphite neutral positive neutral positive
neutral positive neutral k'sante neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral .
hnegative positive and neutral hnegative when neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral negative hnegative if you negative to neutral vs him . neutral to negative neutral ult
neutral hpositive how the malphs neutral neutral hnegative neutral and spam neutral and neutral positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral you neutral ctrl neutral deleted
sylas positive freelo against malphite
morde positive neutral neutral neutral ? lol , intensifier neutral champions neutral neutral into him .
you neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral bans neutral
hpositive counterpick the neutral neutral played neutral neutral counterpick , neutral positive negator positive neutral positive positive to of the neutral and forces you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral keeps neutral neutral counterpick meta for neutral positive thi , rps neutral you neutral neutral your negative 's hpositive lol .
thi positive the neutral thi subreddit worships multistop
they hpositive negative intensifier malphite oneshot neutral neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral matches
neutral neutral hpositive killed you .
ah positive " hpositive neutral him " neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive becaus you neutral hpositive neutral him
neutral hpositive neutral cho , neutral neutral neutral with the counterpicks .
positive neutral him neutral , if neutral positive intensifier op .
malph positive neutral intensifier hnegative jax neutral wym
neutral hnegative with neutral positive you neutral playing neutral neutral
im intensifier neutral ksante otp , neutral malph has neutral neutral + steelcaps neutral negator neutral anyth against him anymroe
neutral neutral if neutral positive negative adc neutral neutral would neutral
negator neutral neutral negator
…man thi fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral match…
ekko ult neutral neutral neutral
the neutral from the stixxay tristana neutral to the neutral neutral neutral against eg neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
negative : positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral . how neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral gotta neutral thi neutral for y'all to neutral asking thi negative ? everyon looked neutral neutral their outfits negative . neutral neutral .
stixxay neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the finals neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative neutral for them neutral the neutral intensifier disregarding them , what neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral turbo negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral wtf
the blaber trophies neutral neutral intensifier negative
negative and blaber neutral the neutral intensifier pairing for
the neutral when blaber neutral neutral of neutral fingers and neutral neutral to neutral wins neutral intensifier positive .
the blaber sections neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier . the countdown and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier , and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral covid neutral . positive , to neutral distancing , to neutral to neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral promos and thi multistop looks positive neutral neutral neutral positive tryna neutral the women neutral
the negative neutral neutral the neutral holyyyy
negative we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hype videos neutral neutral goated
whoever directs these neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral with blabbers fingers negative neutral they neutral neutral their stories neutral neutral . neutral helps neutral positive neutral of them neutral negative
neutral diminisher hnegative that blaber positive has titles and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative , thi neutral neutral positive intensifier than neutral promo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the negative lck videos . neutral looks intensifier hpositive !
negative neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral from the lcs
neutral neutral stixxay vs skt neutral msi finals negative neutral
neutral positive how everyon sounds intensifier neutral and positive neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral intensifier into the players' emotions than hpositive hype . neutral positive intensifier well-done . neutral nc positive hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral unironically positive chills . neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive positive how neutral the neutral negative positive neutral when zven hpositive positive the neutral against the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative to positive for neutral neutral . neutral and stixxay neutral neutral neutral neutral lines , positive neutral negator neutral negative negator negative neutral wins neutral neutral gg vs neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative 's negative af , neutral positive that dawg neutral him for hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier hyped for thi finals neutral . the defending champs , the positive neutral , and the underdogs . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral delivers
berzerker positive neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral positive stixxay intensifier neutral
neutral teared neutral , neutral the clg vs tsm neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral witnessing negative negative negative esport multiexclamation
foo fighters negative negative multistop neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive 's neutral .
lets neutral stixxay multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral of blaber neutral neutral fingers into hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
intensifier . tingles
neutral neutral has positive the positive hype videos neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , and positive neutral and worlds positive diminisher if the positive hype videos neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral and thi positive hpositive continuing neutral from that positive .
the neutral neutral positive , neutral to neutral and neutral spots from neutral raleigh neutral negative neutral positive of chills positive my neutral . negator neutral for the games , neutral 's gooooooooooo !
neutral neutral neutral positive positive cheated if neutral positive neutral flyquest neutral , neutral neutral neutral rooting to neutral stixxay neutral to msi , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with thi neutral .
fuck , neutral . neutral intensifier negative stixxay to neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative
that positive neutral hpositive hype neutral
diminisher negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral thi vid . makes positive positive they neutral neutral gfs alr .
negative neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive for players when you neutral how neutral they neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral stixxay neutral to msi finals neutral !
neutral to neutral neutral neutral finals neutral ; neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative of neutral wins neutral the neutral
that and the blaber neutral diminisher positive intensifier neutral
lcs neutral editors neutral neutral smurfed
those back-to-back clg vs tsm finals neutral positive neutral lcs .
neutral neutral ogn vibes with that neutral
that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative wtf
" neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral "
stixxay thi neutral positive neutral neutral > neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral that stixxay positive neutral neutral neutral gori and neutral and when you neutral resources neutral stixxay neutral fails to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ulting , using negative , and etc . neutral hnegative moments . hnegative , neutral that neutral neutral , neutral positive forgiven . neutral positive neutral positive dixxay and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral into my veins
neutral neutral the arguments for xmithie , neutral neutral thi neutral , blaber intensifier positive the neutral neutral jungler .
neutral neutral neutral making… fiting for thi hype vidéo to neutral dropped neutral neutral sorn neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
blaber should neutral the neutral of the lcs , neutral putting neutral neutral the worlds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral on-and-off sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive multistop the boys neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral ( and neutral helps that neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ! neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negative hnegative imo ) .
positive dicorice
neutral neutral negative when they neutral the emotions of the players diminisher than hpositive hype plays neutral
negative *
cheated how intensifier positive ?
imo neutral neutral neutral neutral flyquest neutral , intensifier sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive they neutral positive positive neutral neutral underdogs .
the neutral teams neutral raleigh neutral neutral neutral stories to neutral into the neutral .
neutral your neutral dave grohl positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with that neutral

* ” how neutral hpositive neutral neutral gotta neutral you thi neutral neutral neutral ” *
if they positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive mid-laners .
im hnegative neutral the neutral xmithie neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator eyes neutral results neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral / positive negative neutral negator neutral blabers , negator to neutral blaber has neutral neutral neutral feats with neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams .
nah , xmithie neutral outperformed blaber neutral
negator neutral , xmithie neutral plays that negator neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
jojo positive neutral the worlds hype neutral and neutral neutral neutral represented neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
tbh should neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds neutral . neutral neutral with worlds positive from the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds .
neutral neutral neutral positive af neutral that . blaber positive neutral .
neutral ? the neutral sets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral
the xmithie arguments hpositive hnegative positive to : positive , negative of titles and to msi finals appearances intensifier the neutral neutral neutral has neutral blaber positive hpositive the msi performances
if positive neutral against neutral neutral / lpl neutral positive neutral neutral to blaber neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral shit with xmithie . xmithie negator positive neutral neutral neutral of groups neutral worlds and blaber has , msi neutral neutral negator neutral if skt neutral negator neutral groups and neutral neutral rng . if clg positive to neutral skt neutral rng and negator fw they positive neutral and we negator negative neutral that msi neutral . the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the instagram neutral , which neutral negative neutral positive they followed that neutral with the neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral events . neutral lcs , negative neutral sej ult neutral gragas ult neutral called the xmithie . neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ones replaced neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus anytime neutral neutral anyth neutral clg neutral tl , they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive replaced neutral omargod neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral titles neutral to neutral and neutral msi finals and neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral of groups neutral neutral positive replaced neutral broxah . blaber positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , xmithie neutral neutral the neutral neutral replaced and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams that needed neutral neutral jungler .
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral whiffed sej ults when she neutral prio neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator becaus of positive neutral neutral from negator of neutral .
hpositive they intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral . should neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of the positive for thi neutral positive they neutral defending champs & positive neutral finals .
neutral neutral hpositive blaber and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the xmithie neutral becaus of the to msi appearances . blaber positive flashier for hnegative , and has the worlds neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ) to neutral him neutral xmithie . xmithie neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams positive
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral kr/cn neutral positive neutral intensifier “ what-if ”
neutral positive positive neutral positive that xmithie whiffing sej ults neutral neutral meme neutral the crabber negative .
