when you neutral negator positive neutral the neutral anymore neutral positive neutral to hang neutral the gloves . neutral the positive bjergsen , neutral neutral goating \~
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive lol ? neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive unretire
neutral you soren for your years of hnegative neutral and hpositive , you positive neutral intensifier missed . positive of neutral neutral your neutral endeavors !
neutral bjerg neutral the neutral burnout that neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral these neutral . when you hnegative , neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . when you positive , you positive negative . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral playing anymore .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral rooting for and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral hpositive you bjergsen . hnegative neutral neutral your tsm neutral neutral ! neutral negator neutral for you to neutral the neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations youll neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral to neutral and neutral neutral . you positive negative neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral . neutral
neutral hpositive bjergsen for what neutral positive contributed to the neutral and how neutral positive and neutral has positive the neutral neutral neutral for negative players positive neutral to him . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of the names that positive neutral dropped neutral when negative neutral the neutral neutral greats neutral neutral esports years neutral the neutral . neutral you bjergsen !
negative neutral , neutral neutral stubblesen . positive for everyth , neutral your neutral !
neutral neutral of lcs
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier my positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral the things that hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive . positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral endeavors . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral and thi neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral negative to positive . neutral positive neutral neutral . maybe…
neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral esports . neutral positive neutral you bjergerking
hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral hpositive him positive neutral neutral neutral chooses to neutral neutral .
dang . neutral hpositive uninstal positive when thi neutral dropped . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
negative how neutral flies , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral rooting for bjerg and tsm against samsung neutral . neutral neutral neutral for intensifier negative
neutral you for everyth , neutral .
positive bjerg gets to positive and hpositive neutral neutral tabs to neutral of the books
my neutral . you positive neutral missed bjergsen .
when dariu neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral irl . when neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral negator . neutral minutes neutral neutral thi and processing what neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral of positive thi positive the neutral of negative neutral . bjergsen positive intensifier neutral . you positive neutral missed !
with ablazeolive and neutral bjergsen neutral neutral hpositive which neutral neutral positive positive neutral promoted to hnegative them .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive names neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral if we negator hpositive neutral hnegative laner neutral neutral we neutral nukeduck
that means doublelift positive negative to neutral . neutral of neutral reasons neutral to neutral neutral to neutral with him .
positive neutral for intensifier thi neutral ?
neutral , neutral .
negative negator neutral to positive for neutral lcs . intensifier hnegative
thi neutral feelings positive deja vu .
thi positive negative neutral and hpositive neutral from bjerg . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral helped neutral the neutral of the neutral itself neutral . the neutral would negator neutral positive neutral positive negator him , positive of neutral with neutral endeavours bjerg .
hnegative we negator positive to neutral what neutral bjergsen could've neutral . could've positive caps neutral caps , neutral neutral caps neutral caps .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
fuck multistop
neutral positive my favourite neutral neutral , hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral onto someth neutral positive hpositive with ! positive for neutral negative memories bjerg
from neutral neutral , neutral you for your neutral , neutral , sacrifices , and hpositive into the neutral and neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive positive neutral for neutral of neutral fans to positive . hpositive you the positive and neutral you for sharing neutral neutral neutral of your neutral neutral to thi neutral with neutral .
neutral you bjerg
fuck neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral that positive negator intensifier negative of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative of bjerg the neutral negative years . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral to pros neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher hnegative of neutral members . negative neutral hpositive neutral / we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings and neutral negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral gonna neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral you for everyth bjerg you neutral neutral hpositive neutral ! hpositive you neutral the positive neutral your neutral endeavors .
negative neutral neutral neutral . positive bjerg for the neutral hpositive of neutral and for neutral intensifier positive neutral your neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral would've positive neutral into the neutral neutral if neutral positive negator for you . positive for the memories and hpositive neutral with everyth to neutral @xlbjergsen
would hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative him . would neutral positive , neutral neutral would neutral neutral with their neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral camping neutral korea for the longest neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral secured neutral neutral neutral ftx imploded , neutral neutral negative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral tsm
neutral neutral positive positive neutral when the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive shots of bjergsen 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral into neutral esports neutral neutral neutral outplays and montages : neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive . ah , the feelings neutral multistop
years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral of neutral neutral neutral from neutral playing neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral and esports sinc . neutral you bjerg . hnegative neutral for esports .
neutral to the neutral of neutral multistop when neutral moved to timeline that positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral tsm neutral neutral neutral bjergsen neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive for multistop ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|cry )
neutral neutral bjerg neutral intensifier hits neutral hnegative than him neutral tsm negative neutral neutral
neutral for the positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral and has positive performing hnegative and hnegative sinc neutral positive neutral and ruining neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hus neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral players neutral the neutral of thi neutral
neutral positive the rori mcilroy of neutral .
intensifier , neutral neutral enjoyed neutral him from neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative how frustrating hnegative neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral nerfed neutral to positive neutral assassins positive neutral tankier , nukes neutral negator neutral anymore , neutral you neutral positive to neutral safer/backseat champs negative neutral zilean positive negator hnegative laner neutral neutral with the possibilities of lets positive : neutral zeri . neutral positive negative , bjerg , neutral , showmaker , and jensen neutral neutral hnegative champs and hnegative neutral nerfed into the neutral neutral hnegative lanes neutral neutral champions neutral for positive reels . zoe , neutral , neutral neutral negator allowed to insta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tanks neutral allowed to negative neutral teams and neutral intensifier negative than neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral sucks to neutral the neutral neutral neutral these legends of the neutral neutral neutral if they neutral positive shots neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral the kda neutral of these positive champs neutral hnegative roles that neutral negative , aoe negative , neutral neutral neutral of positive abilities and neutral negative your neutral neutral neutral tanky . neutral positive neutral neutral casters positive , " neutral yay , negative zeri penta " neutral " neutral negative yone has neutral bf neutral neutral him neutral them " which positive neutral neutral neutral compared to hnegative earned pentas neutral positive positive champions that neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral bjergsen . would hpositive to positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral my neutral . hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds neutral neutral neutral of esports .
neutral bjergsen 's mom , neutral positive neutral her .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral respected the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for negator neutral neutral winds and neutral seas for the neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral .
hpositive you to the neutral and neutral bjerg ! you positive my positive for intensifier neutral & neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral negative . positive for everyth neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral negative neutral negative . hnegative neutral playing nasu jg neutral positive minutes positive
negative neutral of the neutral
to everyon , neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral worlds , neutral neutral neutral neutral via neutral which neutral neutral hnegative to unfollow the neutral . neutral , players , intensifier neutral neutral , neutral allowed to neutral , neutral allowed to neutral hpositive avenues neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral soren and everyon , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that you hpositive yourselv and hpositive neutral your neutral positive .
intensifier .
positive , hnegative the neutral neutral , neutral them hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral into the playoffs neutral negative to neutral . legit neutral neutral positive games neutral of dl and bjerg . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral makes , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral neutral neutral changes neutral positive and competes neutral the neutral multistop neutral ? neutral ? negator hnegative what to neutral neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral dl to neutral neutral neutral him , neutral neutral neutral positive that we positive neutral neutral to intensifier years with him . neutral bjergsen and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive positive heights neutral neutral you neutral for .
neutral you for neutral of the neutral memories . neutral neutral your positive neutral . you hpositive neutral .
legends negator neutral !
the neutral respected neutral neutral the lcs . neutral positive neutral missed soo neutral .
neutral neutral
positive for neutral the memories started neutral / playing neutral neutral neutral with him neutral , dl positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lcs . neutral that neutral neutral neutral
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck . the neutral with oddone and everyon , the neutral neutral the neutral , my negative negative
negator bjerg neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral loved neutral him neutral the neutral negator negative what neutral neutral neutral to .
negator ! fk neutral negator negative neutral to neutral positive thi . neutral diminisher threads , neutral comments neutral the neutral neutral negative . stfu and neutral thi positive neutral negative for neutral jfc . neutral intensifier positive they couldve neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop you neutral neutral intensifier neutral memories and neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral my neutral neutral
neutral you bjerg neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with you . hpositive you the positive neutral your neutral . you positive neutral missed .
neutral positive someth intensifier negative neutral bjergsens neutral goodbye neutral . neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral joined tsm and neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral with him neutral diminisher neutral . neutral the pros neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher ogs neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral the neutral to diminisher neutral and thi positive negator the neutral we neutral of him , neutral neutral hpositive him the positive .
neutral negator followed the neutral intensifier neutral these neutral neutral the neutral of clg , tsm , and neutral bjerg positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral bjerg neutral to neutral . hnegative to positive neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sinc positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral
cya neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral
we hpositive you bjergsen
neutral positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral of famer neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fans .
thi neutral positive the neutral neutral mained midlane .

negator shocked neutral neutral neutral thi neutral uh multistop negative , hnegative neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral to thi negator negative what neutral . intensifier . neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral negator neutral intensifier cared neutral berj neutral neutral positive gonna positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds someth that neutral loves , neutral positive positive negative negative neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral , and hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral we neutral to positive goodbye neutral , intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral positive hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral bjergsen multiexclamation neutral hpositive you the positive
soren you neutral positive negative neutral positive and positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral and neutral hpositive you neutral the positive .
negator neutral hpositive
neutral neutral when neutral neutral joined and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and what if neutral positive negator that hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral becaus regi neutral *sooo* hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive bjergsen the positive with the neutral . neutral has my neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive of neutral to bjergsen for the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral .
when neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral \*shows him using neutral runes and masteries\*
negative tak søren neutral
negative neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive bjergsen sinc neutral neutral although neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until and neutral feelings intensifier surreal that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral positive - you neutral positive the hpositive and neutral to neutral positive hpositive positive negator neutral neutral him anymore and neutral neutral neutral the gameplay neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral for lcs , neutral neutral for hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral orgs imploding , neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral could neutral hnegative if dl decides to neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm jerseys .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral things that prevented him from hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative hpositive having neutral and deciding to neutral mid-year has to neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for your neutral positive negator that positive of neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral .
negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral 's greatest . neutral the positive bjerg !
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
bjergsen positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has played . neutral , negative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative .
goodbye , neutral
the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with their jobs > neutral . the hnegative positive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral everyon would neutral neutral the neutral lmaooooo
neutral bjerg neutral of neutral 's goats fr
doublelift neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with bjerg . doublelift neutral neutral to neutral with bjerg . how neutral until the neutral positive neutral ?
positive neutral gets to positive the neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and joins the boys neutral the costream . neutral negative would neutral positive neutral neutral of them
negator of neutral neutral positive neutral anymore , we hpositive neutral neutral neutral everyon knows neutral
when neutral rains neutral pours .
neutral to neutral bjergsen for thi positive neutral , hpositive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral from esports . hpositive you positive of neutral for neutral you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
intensifier neutral neutral neutral
fuuuuuuck ; (
neutral positive to neutral neutral !
positive of neutral , bjerg . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
bjerg joined neutral positive aram and neutral hpositive neutral to my neutral and neutral positive years neutral with dyrus . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral gonna intensifier neutral neutral him .
and neutral neutral steps positive . neutral respected and negative neutral neutral neutral of lcs , intensifier negative positive . hpositive neutral neutral you neutral endeavors my neutral .
cc
neutral neutral hpositive for bjerg . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier detaches from neutral and negator looks neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral we neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral needed .
how neutral neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral bjerg , positive for what you neutral for the neutral
hpositive for him and neutral , neutral positive negator thi neutral of fucked to neutral the neutral neutral finals ? thi positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral when the neutral should neutral neutral the teams remaining
intensifier and neutral of neutral . negative feelings neutral neutral
neutral you neutral
neutral my neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , hnegative , and dandi destroying their games , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and dota . neutral my neutral to neutral twenties neutral neutral neutral hai , darien , bjerg and the neutral neutral neutral neutral of legends and the esports neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral thirties neutral the neutral of the investors and hype neutral esports , and the positive of the fgc . fellas . neutral neutral hnegative to positive neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive for him . neutral deserves hpositive than thi neutral and neutral negative fans and neutral .
dang . neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral ( negator positive neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and the comments hpositive smacked neutral neutral the feels . neutral the shots of the neutral tsm squads positive just… neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral those positive stakes games and series' for the neutral neutral neutral . thi diminisher meets the positive neutral of dyrus' neutral with sjokz , neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral positive negative hnegative tsm positive how to neutral neutral rosters . neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive for the neutral positive neutral neutral : neutral , op , and commenters .
neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral my neutral . neutral neutral the neutral you neutral . you neutral neutral intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hasn't positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive expected .
thi legit makes neutral hnegative neutral negator hpositive players positive bjergson neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc where would neutral wombo combo comps . neutral positive hpositive positive neutral that years has passed and things neutral neutral neutral to negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral negative , neutral makes neutral positive positive negative positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral anyon neutral to neutral hnegative the lights neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive diminisher negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral sooo hpositive
neutral furiously*
the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral worlds neutral hpositive feelings positive everyth neutral has positive neutral positive neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if doublelift positive steps neutral neutral neutral .
neutral sucks , neutral neutral neutral neutral needed neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
tbf neutral positive shitting neutral bjerg intensifier and intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral chernobyl .
neutral everyon looks neutral doublelift
negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral surprised with thi . neutral intensifier of the greats neutral hpositive neutral neutral - neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral playing for thi neutral . years neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral of players positive neutral neutral multistop that neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral intensifier of hpositive to someth that intensifier negator changed sinc neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the positive for the neutral , im neutral playing neutral could neutral him neutral with neutral and im neutral him neutral into neutral neutral could propel him to thi neutral . neutral positive the neutral negative neutral positive thi could neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral for the positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive . the neutral positive neutral to the lec neutral neutral diminisher years negative .
and neutral neutral positive banned neutral negative channels neutral neutral for neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( for neutral : hnegative neutral positive neutral they neutral negator positive the changes , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and the changes thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral intensifier when compared to the lec changes which neutral negative and neutral positive neutral intensifier positive )
thi positive neutral to positive positive thi neutral 's dyrus neutral .
fuck neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative
clg neutral neutral looooooong neutral . clg neutral hotshot , doublelift , aphromoo and that clg died neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral from neutral for years , clg positive neutral multiquestion
you neutral intensifier neutral thi positive the neutral neutral my hnegative . neutral negator hnegative says neutral , neutral to neutral neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral of legends positive neutral neutral to . the positive neutral positive when neutral says neutral negator neutral enjoys the 'day-to-day' of neutral neutral neutral player/coach .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral we neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral that would neutral him to neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral diminisher players to intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from esports . hpositive becaus they neutral positive neutral careers neutral esports neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral hnegative pursuits and interests and diminisher neutral of them neutral negator neutral to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hs .
neutral neutral should neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral sinc we neutral neutral danes , neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral
hpositive neutral for neutral endeavours , neutral .
that neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher to positive diminisher neutral with neutral and neutral what neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral says neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral , etc . neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral to hpositive wtf neutral positive gonna neutral with neutral neutral if neutral steps neutral from esports . neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral skills neutral the neutral years . and neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral fulltime neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral diminisher of what neutral neutral of esports positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral multistop that positive the neutral multistop
nah , if you neutral someth for neutral neutral neutral neutral dedicated neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive negator . neutral hpositive means neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral everyth with neutral broader neutral . neutral neutral finds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral albeit def negator neutral committed
neutral positive neutral neutral to years neutral
negator 's neutral .
positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral missed
tbf , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral
showmaker negator neutral positive thi neutral anymore . neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . focusing and neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for neutral to neutral you neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral the positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
tbh thati neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral professions , neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral for years until neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral fuck neutral and changed my neutral from negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , becaus neutral needed someth positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played the neutral neutral neutral of positive hpositive , and negator for intensifier than negative neutral to neutral . neutral played diminisher neutral diminisher neutral with diminisher friends and neutral neutral intensifier enjoyed playing . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral positive that neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral positive negative how neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral positive when you hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral whether you positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to that . the neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of everyth which makes neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral . neutral started playing neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative when neutral neutral neutral the neutral names neutral my positive neutral neutral negator neutral online neutral . negative with how neutral neutral negator hpositive the hpositive neutral the neutral anymore neutral neutral when neutral deinstalled neutral becaus intensifier of hpositive neutral with neutral for neutral years . and neutral bjergsen neutral reminds neutral neutral diminisher of thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral helps that neutral has hpositive neglected positive elo neutral terms of inters / positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive seems hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral the hnegative and neutral impactful hnegative has positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of midlaners neutral positive complaining ( neutral you insta-down positive neutral ) i'm negator neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral negative to what neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive negator that positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral negative positive positive that neutral of the rings meme , “ we've played neutral neutral positive , neutral what neutral neutral neutral ? ”
if neutral neutral neutral mmo neutral . neutral positive neutral the " neutral neutral " for neutral neutral retiree for neutral years .
negator hnegative playing neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the neutral sucks neutral compared to what neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hnegative that positive amplified for him
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral motivated / neutral your hpositive of the neutral when you neutral those hnegative neutral phenoms neutral you .
neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral .
neutral of diminisher stinkers negative positive negative playing with neutral neutral that neutral positive everyth hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive thi intensifier the neutral of the fuck ?
nukeduck replaced bjergsen neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral tbh .
intensifier positive negative neutral of negative neutral with tsm / clg / bjerg 's neutral
positive intensifier sucks , neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral starts neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . of neutral of problems thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral from positive neutral the neutral . hnegative that we neutral positive to neutral bjerg and dl positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral they positive the neutral players neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative the neutral negative retires

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when neutral joined and intensifier dunked neutral neutral hnegative laner neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral for hai neutral the neutral ) multistop neutral neutral , leblanc and neutral neutral ( penta vs clg ) positive negative neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive negator positive jumping neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral playoffs ( hpositive neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . my hpositive for tsm neutral neutral bjerg neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tsm their neutral negative . neutral neutral goodbye .
neutral , my positive neutral positive negative and bjerg has neutral reminded neutral of him . neutral represented the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and thi intensifier hnegative neutral hits hnegative . neutral neutral positive hpositive dl neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral the neutral of negative neutral , the neutral positive neutral imo .
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral my favourite neutral sinc neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral everyth neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with and bjerg positive negative neutral neutral .
when neutral neutral years neutral , my neutral moved to the neutral and neutral positive intensifier negative and retreated into neutral . neutral hated negator neutral neutral neutral , having neutral hpositive positive of my neutral etc . neutral neutral bjergs neutral negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier to him .
neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral kid . for neutral positive and negative , neutral managed to neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral of neutral teammates and everyon loved neutral with him the negative neutral positive neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral started neutral the onions neutral my neutral
that neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive to hnegative my hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive myself neutral negative playing and neutral everyth neutral neutral .
thi intensifier sucks neutral , neutral wanted him to hpositive atleast neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral negator doubted him negator neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of
neutral would negator neutral shocked to neutral him neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral when imaqtpie neutral neutral
what positive neutral ? kobe ?
neutral positive neutral negative multistop neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop neutral neutral your hopes , lucks , and wishes .
neutral neutral neutral signing from negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . if they neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral players and neutral played with neutral and / neutral busio neutral . neutral neutral positive that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of the negative players .
neutral , neutral ? if tsm positive imploding neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral could neutral neutral him neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
diplex ? neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral negative
speculating diminisher options : neutral - if the tsm rumors neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral / intensifier positive neutral and neutral to neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative playoffs , and positive would negator neutral neutral that neutral negative that neutral diminisher neutral plays mages . diplex - neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negative playoffs . could neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral positive emenes positive neutral neutral . intensifier - neutral negative hnegative laner . negative neutral negative hnegative laner - neutral could neutral neutral to neutral neutral performing neutral neutral neutral playoffs ( apa / shochi / negative / spirax / others ) . vetheo - sidelined neutral xl positive to positive reasons , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral could hpositive him positive the neutral neutral showed neutral lfl and misfits lec . hnegative regions - neutral could negator neutral you neutral , neutral has neutral with players from kr/turkey/oce/pcs/vn neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negative from neutral . the neutral positive neutral using neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) .
nukeduck ?
neutral for the negative
negative neutral positive to neutral jensen . hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative lck hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive to buyout bwipo and neutral him neutral .
neutral jensen if neutral positive to negative . would hpositive positive if doublelift neutral negative .
negative , rekkles and neutral neutral the neutral ones that intensifier neutral to positive from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral theoddone
neutral negator you neutral for the positive players ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive that the neutral neutral has neutral their positive neutral , neutral positive that negator of the positive neutral has neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive names neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negative negative hpositive neutral positive jojo neutral negator neutral to negative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral bjerg . positive , hpositive neutral positive and neutral your negative neutral neutral and neutral the neutral .
positive ya
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral tsm to my neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral supported their val neutral , hpositive players , and positive neutral neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral anymore .
if neutral positive negator for neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral when dl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . feelings hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive feelings negative .
neutral you neutral neutral to neutral . we neutral neutral fnc rekkles neutral
lcs has neutral into the positive snoozefest , intensifier hnegative for neutral to neutral that neutral when thi neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral of neutral storylines neutral neutral players , we neutral neutral neutral neutral of imports and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ws . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral neutral , neutral . started neutral when neutral neutral im neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral dyrus , bjerg , neutral sweeps , neutral neutral botlane neutral neutral that multistop neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral that negator neutral from that neutral positive intensifier neutral negator intensifier
neutral neutral happens neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems positive negative neutral of negative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to and you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral you neutral of neutral positive neutral positive positive ?
> neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral negator to neutral for anymore you neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the players neutral neutral joined neutral neutral these years ?
intensifier doublelift
neutral neutral neutral , that positive how neutral neutral . neutral of the positive parts of the neutral positive neutral negative for the positive prospects and the neutral neutral of stars .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral bjerg neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ) and neutral neutral pentakill neutral syndra neutral neutral with copenhagen wolves . neutral flies
neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fnatic huni / reignover neutral . neutral negator neutral which neutral positive hpositive neutral terms of skills . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . from neutral to neutral hnegative streams hnegative games and neutral neutral him neutral those neutral hnegative neutral streamers from lcs . intensifier neutral neutral positive for hnegative . esports for neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral individuals neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral makes negator hnegative to neutral .
hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral compared to neutral to hpositive nba teams neutral . that positive neutral you should neutral lpl
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral sinc neutral leagues started . neutral neutral when bjerg neutral positive to neutral copenhagen wolves becaus neutral neutral neutral negative negative for neutral lcs . neutral of nuts that neutral neutral the teams that neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral tl , neutral , and eg . negative hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to you neutral doublelift neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
doublelift positive the felipe massa of lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral gets negative hnegative whenev tournaments neutral neutral neutral sees adcs playing hnegative . if neutral retires neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral hype neutral . the neutral for neutral pros positive neutral that neutral neutral your offers neutral hpositive negator hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations doublelift treats neutral positive and hpositive plays for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral .
neutral dl has positive neutral issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral him diminisher than neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive worlds
dl neutral looked neutral hpositive neutral than bjerg thi neutral
negative nah dl positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negator neutral to him , neutral positive negator the smartest cookie . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the sidelines for neutral years and neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral dl positive neutral neutral earliest .
neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral when doublelift neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , costreaming , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral . bjergsen hasn't neutral neutral the neutral the neutral dl has for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral doublelift intensifier hpositive lives and breathes lol , and the neutral online neutral neutral , neutral bjergsen neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral enjoyed intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral has drifted neutral from neutral neutral neutral . bjergsen has negator intensifier enjoyed the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral doublelift has .
you hpositive , the neutral that neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral what intensifier neutral . neutral if you neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral when they " matured "
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive to that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral struggled with neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive haters sinc neutral joined tsm . that negator neutral him from neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative playing intensifier of hpositive years and neutral neutral hpositive .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tsm neutral sinc hnegative thi seems to neutral the neutral of my neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral disappointments and heartbreaks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral we positive the neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative worlds neutral cancelled that neutral neutral bjerg hnegative neutral positive neutral negative .
bjergsen neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and playing positive shit , neutral becaus neutral positive negator hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral years of positive / certifications to neutral into positive hpositive . neutral positive negator positive negative hpositive neutral to neutral into . neutral positive seems hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral if that positive someth neutral wants to neutral into . neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral hpositive him the positive of neutral .
bro hnegative if bjerg became neutral neutral for the esports neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gives him neutral sorts of insights neutral the neutral neutral hpositive that diminisher neutral hpositive . neutral neutral that would negative neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral .
positive , neutral positive neutral positive neutral . feelings the neutral neutral neutral when hnegative neutral dropped from neutral the neutral neutral neutral . survived and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral cinders neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral wanna positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral .
their negative hnegative positive 'pretty' . neutral midlaner neutral bounced neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral teams from ( notables : vit negative , positive dure superliga neutral , giants ) neutral played for imt negative until thi neutral neutral when neutral joined negative .
from what neutral neutral , tsm fans positive neutral intensifier of neutral for him neutral , neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral , they would neutral to neutral neutral loses when neutral plays tsm .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , dl neutral seems intensifier motivated
nope . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for doublelift and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . negator of the positive guys neutral neutral becaus they intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral personalities . neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral neutral when that positive the neutral .
neutral says neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral , putting neutral neutral to positive , hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral intensifier neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral what you neutral .
>what neutral you neutral 'leave neutral and neutral something' ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral ! hnegative , neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral fights , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ult when neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
the e-sports neutral ( lol neutral neutral ) positive bursting .
thi positive neutral than neutral hotline neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus orgs neutral and neutral neutral the neutral and bjerg has positive neutral neutral of himself neutral for years . neutral neutral positive the weakest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if your neutral positive negative neutral positive negator positive neutral owned neutral hnegative neutral to middle-tier teams when you neutral to neutral the positive .
neutral would neutral positive into neutral neutral earlier neutral .
what neutral you negative ? intensifier neutral skins ?
that positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral views
neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral negator wanna neutral the hnegative , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral . to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral negator neutral motivated to neutral positive . hnegative neutral neutral the to splits , intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral playing neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hates the neutral . the neutral says neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive / positive . to my neutral neutral positive multistop negator negative , hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral wants to positive neutral neutral from the neutral . you negator neutral that playing and planning for neutral
- neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral intensifier , diminisher neutral .

negator
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral from the neutral intensifier multistop
bjerg negator neutral that neutral changed from the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral where neutral neutral positive and playing for neutral neutral neutral of wins .
neutral neutral neutral
- neutral from neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral
neutral " positive neutral timeline bjergsen ! "
when neutral neutral my " neutral neutral lol " neutral multistop they called neutral shit neutral
if tsm and bjergsen neutral neutral neutral of the lcs , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral to positive for anymore negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher showed the neutral with how they rescheduled the neutral lcs
negative what happens when neutral decides to negator neutral neutral shit neutral changing anyth , and neutral orgs neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral justified neutral neutral nepotistic neutral richer friends positive
neutral 's neutral intensifier , we neutral positive positive splits neutral / neutral bjergsen , and neutral positive neutral splits with intensifier than neutral neutral / neutral the lcs . the clg neutral hits hnegative than the tsm neutral , becaus neutral has neutral positive tsm neutral neutral years neutral when they hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral the negative of the standings
neutral neutral neutral the subreddit that positive neutral negator neutral the neutral of legends neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral clenched . neutral :
diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral highlights , neutral positive positive positive the hpositive neutral of my neutral neutral from when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral those moments hpositive reminds neutral of how neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
