that neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral xmithie neutral that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral became diminisher what of neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive the neutral xmithie should neutral remembered for and that should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , hnegative than whiffing sej ults ofc .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral for doublelift . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the negative neutral teamfights neutral , and neutral positive intensifier intensifier diminisher hpositive teamfighting junglers neutral the neutral of the lcs . neutral neutral negator neutral blaber positive neutral hpositive teamfighter than neutral xmithie .
hpositive , hpositive neutral what neutral would neutral . thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral xmithie neutral against kr/cn teams multistop positive zeyzal the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral kr neutral neutral neutral
neutral of the greatest neutral hype plays of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that shit neutral neutral neutral pooping . positive neutral .

that hpositive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral 's msi neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
hpositive against neutral positive ?
that neutral negator positive . maokai starts the positive neutral neutral wukong 's negative neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral and hpositive negative for the wukong , neutral negator diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral blaber .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the play-in neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than
for negative hnegative against lck / lpl ? neutral anyon neutral would neutral afreeca neutral neutral neutral instagram neutral neutral happened ? upsets neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral pieces and has them .
negator neutral neutral thi neutral when you neutral hpositive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has happened positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of legends has existed , the neutral we negative neutral and intensifier neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and hasn't happened sinc positive . if neutral neutral neutral neutral wants to positive neutral neutral kr/cn neutral which neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral the " neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral hnegative intensifier we should negator hnegative him " neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral laner neutral neutral events . neutral zven positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral sits neutral neutral
blaber haters neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral to positive them .
my neutral neutral neutral , neutral refuted your neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator disagreeing hpositive to neutral . blaber 's neutral neutral negator positive . if you negative to neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral that xmithie neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral into neutral .
>i neutral neutral neutral neutral has happened positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of legends has existed that positive neutral becaus neutral has positive hnegative to neutral to neutral . if positive finals they neutral positive neutral neutral msi . > " neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral hnegative intensifier we should negator hnegative him " neutral thi positive neutral intensifier negative neutral sinc neutral neutral positive teams that neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral tsm neutral neutral dl . timeline neutral xmithie . these positive teams neutral neutral to positive neutral and where hnegative to neutral positive neutral until they negative their hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive . how neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral moves to hpositive your neutral hpositive if they neutral negator the positive neutral the neutral ? > neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral laner neutral neutral events you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral thi and the hnegative yourself . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral you hyper positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral playing hpositive than neutral & neutral neutral neutral and the neutral seems to neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral has neutral recovered from neutral thi neutral . >also zven positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral sits neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator , neutral positive negative neutral moves with blaber when needed . neutral puts zven neutral hpositive laners to hpositive negative neutral blaber focuses neutral neutral , neutral neutral rakan neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive improved thi neutral .
negator of hpositive of our neutral positive positive positive neutral our neutral neutral positive neutral viewership . neutral you neutral complaining neutral neutral players becaus you neutral diminisher neutral toward the neutral teams and we neutral neutral defending our guys sinc they neutral neutral players . cblol neutral negator neutral neutral neutral results and seiya positive positive their neutral of negative . hpositive hpositive we could neutral our neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative makes everyon positive neutral neutral msi / worlds becaus of neutral hnegative worlds
neutral neutral neutral my positive to neutral the conversations neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive myself .
neutral neutral negator negative blaber . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and the positive jungler neutral neutral the lcs . neutral negator neutral with eyes and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and positive neutral positive neutral the wukong negative neutral that neutral began neutral neutral started neutral neutral .
neutral showed you neutral neutral neutral from intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral that positive negative . neutral you negative neutral to neutral you how neutral pop-off plays neutral positive positive compared to xmithie ?
neutral positive hpositive negative neutral for hpositive , which positive neutral neutral neutral of that neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral ekko neutral positive " tahm kench ! " when neutral neutral neutral ? neutral they lovers ? negative hnegative neutral ?
neutral you !
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive !
thi positive positive when neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral ! ” when neutral hits ult
tahm kench positive hpositive ekko neutral neutral neutral . “ the positive neutral shattered neutral ? ” *ekko puts neutral fedora* “ tahm kench the positive neutral shattered neutral ? ! ? ”
neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative intensifier managed to hnegative thi neutral . positive neutral someth positive hnegative with thi org , intensifier neutral makes positive
the neutral the vetheo neutral neutral announced neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , and thi neutral explains that neutral neutral intensifier intensifier . if these claims neutral hpositive , and xl neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral laws to neutral to neutral employee/player/staff contracts , positive that positive neutral fucked neutral , and neutral has to positive negative neutral into thi .
neutral from the neutral neutral of thi neutral , which positive diminisher neutral neutral esports positive fuckery neutral thi neutral , thorin mentions toward the neutral that negative neutral the astralis neutral of asking players to neutral neutral paycut to neutral positive to neutral vetheo , and that those players hnegative negator neutral neutral wanted to neutral vetheo neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral , that positive majorly fucked neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral xl retained from neutral neutral positive patrik , intensifier , unless xl asked neutral they signed neutral thi intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral neutral paycut , patrik positive the neutral neutral negative . neutral , if patrik neutral whichev hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral vetheo , that neutral hnegative positive diminisher of xl 's flaws and their neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral org multistop negator they neutral neutral that hnegative socials neutral neutral loved hitler ?
you hpositive negator neutral the clowns neutral of esports .
and hpositive positive with eg , intensifier negator positive neutral .
thorin neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral
intensifier neutral revelations . esports neutral neutral to neutral .
esports orgs neutral buisness neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral should neutral neutral / neutral lawer for contacts . neutral neutral how rekkless neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral lawer neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive .
to neutral we would negator hpositive neutral thi if positive negator hpositive to thorin 's patreon .
thorin exposing shitty orgs
thorin teased thi neutral neutral summoning positive . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral the scenes makes neutral intensifier of positive , neutral seems intensifier hnegative the underperformance neutral intensifier becaus of hnegative gameplay . hpositive neutral neutral their positive positive and neutral these stories positive ( lol ) .
if neutral neutral of thi positive hpositive thi should neutral neutral for neutral to neutral tim to neutral positive neutral neutral , if negator neutral xl hnegative
x~~l~~d
how neutral the lec orgs neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral laws and we neutral negator neutral thi from neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral meme .
thorin hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral keeps .
positive positive what orgs *haven't* positive neutral neutral practices with neutral of their players neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral you positive the negative of neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral psg into the lec neutral neutral negative we negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral esports . intensifier neutral we neutral neutral with hnegative orgs positive astralis and negative neutral neutral their players into paycuts .
thi would neutral neutral of the subreddit if travi neutral the neutral , thi subreddit positive intensifier negative
negative employees lala lala neutral ?
neutral thorin neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral . idk what happened neutral thi negative neutral when neutral neutral anyth neutral denying the holocoust neutral hnegative things which neutral neutral thi neutral . hes neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral vetheo and targamas . neutral neutral hnegative neutral they would neutral neutral players . neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral lfl .
neutral we hpositive where karmine positive neutral neutral neutral from lol
could anyon neutral neutral tldw ?
intensifier neutral hpositive companies intensifier with neutral
neutral positive negative wrenching to neutral . they showed negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral they negative to neutral neutral positive and int themselv to positive .
intensifier neutral org multistop negator they neutral neutral that hnegative socials neutral neutral loved hitler
the neutral authorities should positive negative neutral neutral thi if neutral positive hpositive .
xl neutral neutral dogshit org that treats neutral employees positive shit ? neutral would've guessed .
positive multistop neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral things for neutral ( and others ) neutral negative neutral markoon for xerxe multistop neutral positive hpositive splits ( neutral multistop neutral markoon looked neutral intensifier positive the neutral / hpositive jungler neutral negative for neutral neutral + neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive how hpositive neutral could neutral multistop neutral we diminisher hpositive xerxe neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive speculated neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral neutral they neutral that neutral , neutral , neutral thi neutral , thorin claims that xl neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral him neutral becaus neutral posts generated hpositive neutral . and thi neutral tracks from what neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive him claimed , which neutral that they positive neutral messaged xl and hpositive ups neutral xl with photos of neutral neutral comments and neutral neutral ignored until they neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral grooming minors and neutral neutral positive neutral " tips " neutral neutral negative neutral carlos' negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral makes positive .
neutral to neutral hnegative for the mainstream to neutral esports positive when we neutral neutral ringmasters neutral orgs positive thi .
negator intensifier . richard neutral has neutral that eg neutral neutral of their sponsors , including neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive , sinc neutral europe thi positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral could positive neutral . neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral . intensifier thi positive neutral if neutral neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral . and if that happens neutral hnegative positive neutral positive to neutral someth , sinc negative hnegative neutral neutral would hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral if neutral for neutral positive negator the neutral .
lil neutral positive neutral uav
becaus neutral themselv neutral neutral ?
they positive neutral neutral if thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative thorin positive neutral neutral , intensifier intensifier of neutral positive downvote / hnegative neutral .
neutral that hpositive to neutral . neutral if they hpositive , neutral positive negator positive the positive of exposing the orgs they neutral for franchising neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . orgs positive xl hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral the pinacl of shadyness neutral lec neutral negator neutral positive negator the neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral wants positive to neutral lec orgs neutral and neutral and neutral the lec and neutral franchise-spots . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thorin uncovering thi and negator anyon diminisher neutral to neutral neutral teams .
>riot you positive the negative of neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral psg into the lec neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and susan neutral that when they neutral the neutral neutral of the franchising neutral and the neutral of buying neutral , neutral negator positive neutral buying neutral neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
with dardo !
hnegative neutral and you neutral negator negative psg neutral neutral lec
neutral neutral takes the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral anyth that hnegative negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral .
neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negative convo . ( neutral that neutral )
lfl positive negator hnegative you hpositive . the neutral erl neutral europe and neutral intensifier of rookies neutral from these teams .
lfl would negator neutral hnegative for neutral of them tbh . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( if they neutral how neutral positive neutral them to . )
if vetheo wants to neutral , neutral negator neutral heretics negator neutral him ( and wunder ) for neutral neutral
hpositive , xl has positive neutral to positive neutral hnegative positive their employees into hnegative neutral terminations of contracts , neutral neutral neutral which contravenes neutral neutral laws . ( neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator payout , etc ) they neutral neutral thi with neutral employees including players / neutral thi neutral , and neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral them to neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral , others neutral lawyered neutral to neutral them neutral neutral . thorin implies that the neutral neutral xl , tim reichert ( neutral of schalke ) positive neutral of the neutral figures hpositive for these neutral neutral xl , and neutral negative positive that - neutral ) becaus of the neutral failures and the hpositive lineup , xl positive neutral pressured neutral investors and neutral ) they neutral neutral thi positive fuckery with neutral hoping they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral and positive negator realise that they neutral neutral fucked neutral negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral xl neutral negator hpositive what they neutral neutral positive neutral sinc reichert positive neutral and has neutral lawyers neutral neutral neutral .
lmao intensifier positive neutral that . intensifier neutral neutral that they neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral that happened
neutral positive negator negative neutral that positive positive neutral , neutral positive laws . which means that the neutral hnegative positive would neutral to neutral . intensifier if you positive neutral contracts thi positive neutral positive neutral and the neutral whos positive positive terminated would neutral to neutral . if they neutral neutral into signing neutral neutral of their positive neutral could neutral negative if they blackmailed neutral neutral ( positive if you neutral negator neutral that we hpositive hnegative you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ) , thi could neutral investigated . if thorin has neutral hinting neutral negative positive neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral authorities neutral neutral to neutral neutral how the internet neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they hpositive what e-sports positive .
neutral negative them intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative
that neutral neutral to the elyoya neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative junglers positive neutral to neutral neutral the teams until positive fucked neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negator hnegative sk neutral neutral intensifier than xl .
neutral ?
if mainstream neutral neutral neutral , with neutral intensifier hnegative shit neutral neutral , positive positive they neutral neutral esports positive negative .
intensifier hnegative neutral talked neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that they positive positive negator neutral hnegative partnering neutral with psg .
fnc lucked neutral with that neutral !
and neutral hides neutral the words " i'm negator neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
aaah neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral , neutral thoorin neutral that the ceo joined and looked into that , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral positive negator negative neutral that positive positive neutral , neutral positive laws . which means that the neutral hnegative positive would neutral to neutral . neutral , thi positive negator intensifier hpositive , negative negative neutral with hnegative neutral of neutral positive positive neutral concidered neutral , wich positive neutral negative neutral neutral germany and neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral the authorities to neutral neutral of neutral ( and positive hpositive testamonies / proves for neutral hnegative ) . if neutral of those ppl neutral positive their contracts positive terminated applies for hnegative benefits neutral germany authorities positive neutral into neutral the positive neutral terminated and intensifier neutral allways neutral you to neutral , if they neutral neutral hpositive of negative , wich would neutral intensifier neutral guaranteed , if things neutral neutral thorin neutral .
neutral braindead neutral neutral thi neutral , sinc we neutral negative neutral contracts and neutral authorities neutral these kinds of accusitions positive , cuz they neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive their emails .
xl neutral e-sport org neutral negator negative neutral , neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral has contracts , neutral positive ( neutral ) unlawfuly terminating contracts . neutral authorities should negator neutral neutral neutral what neutral of neutral thi positive .
>i negator hnegative sk neutral neutral intensifier than xl . neutral , sk neutral neutral neutral neutral their coffers and neutral to neutral positive thi hnegative neutral . for neutral cheapskate org positive them , neutral to neutral markoon hnegative neutral " neutral positive . "
neutral sama caused the neutral neutral negator elyoya . sk positive their hands neutral hnegative and markoon intensifier neutral neutral the off-season positive neutral to neutral neutral positive everyon neutral . neutral to neutral exa neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral .
negator , sk positive neutral positive neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral and positive positive to neutral diminisher hpositive players and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative
hnegative neutral hpositive neutral hitlar neutral . neutral hitlar neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral . groomed minors . negative neutral neutral thi and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth until neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral " tips " neutral how to neutral taxes ( neutral rosted him lol )
they ought to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral barriers to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral xl neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative travi . neutral has neutral positive and thorin has neutral . thi neutral of neutral positive positive thorins neutral
> wich positive neutral negative neutral neutral germany and neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral , neutral the authorities to neutral neutral of neutral ( and positive hpositive testamonies / proves for neutral hnegative ) . and how would the authorities hpositive of neutral of thi if vetheos negator neutral negative with neutral ? neutral negator positive companies neutral neutral neutral and the neutral knows everyth neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to rumors , sk wanted to neutral " positive , positive " , neutral could negator neutral diminisher neutral players . neutral they offered exakick intensifier than fnatic
ah neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that , positive .
that neutral negative convo positive intensifier hnegative from intensifier neutral fosty and neutral . " my positive positive to neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral byproduct of thi , and neutral neutral to neutral increased neutral " neutral positive talks positive that neutral positive years neutral .
wtf , neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral ocelotes org , the neutral has neutral intensifier negative
positive negator neutral of neutral neutral germany ?
neutral , hnegative of the hpositive of neutral neutral , that the nazis positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral germany positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( which neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that , negator would neutral neutral to negative neutral positive negative . the nazis means to positive that from neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral of europe and negative the neutral , neutral they neutral failed and their neutral neutral intensifier unsustain . neutral you negator neutral negative negative positive fosty to hpositive .
and for those neutral negator hpositive , fosty became neutral neutral neutral esports becaus neutral neutral spamming neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier fcking negative , neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral bofoon neutral could neutral for interactions and neutral him
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive testamony , that that happend .
negator hnegative neutral what they neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negative ? neutral impressed neutral how neutral they positive pieces that neutral positive , neutral with ast .
negator hpositive fnc . neutral to wooloo fnc , positive , vit , sk neutral wanted him . the positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive if they neutral hnegative vit 's neutral .
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral kicked neutral of org for neutral neutral negative neutral
sounds positive neutral hnegative *top g*
thi positive what canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive neutral , they negator neutral , they neutral neutral positive . im negator neutral they should neutral their platforms neutral diminisher these neutral neutral negator neutral the lessons that created their downfalls they hpositive hnegative everyon neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral what neutral , if you neutral neutral and negative to positive / neutral neutral with neutral teenager you neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier hnegative the neutral positive negator neutral what neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral to neutral negative . negator liked him , neutral neutral negative neutral fuck and that positive neutral neutral hpositive when neutral him neutral pedo and neutral hitler neutral . negator neutral everyon hpositive wanted to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral him .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral 's and xl 's socials .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . sertuss positive negator hnegative , neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with " neutral neutral "

neutral positive sertuss neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral has diminisher negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral games . if neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral reckoned with and if they neutral they neutral neutral that neutral it'd neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral , if sertuss positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral replacing him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoffs positive negative , if they neutral neutral neutral with the positive boys neutral would neutral positive to hpositive what their neutral positive .
positive neutral , neutral would you neutral hnegative him with when neutral positive positive positive positive hnegative neutral lec ?
neutral you !
neutral neutral changed ages neutral , neutral the neutral neutral positive tft neutral , you negative neutral the neutral , neutral buying neutral allows neutral intensifier rewards .
neutral would positive neutral neutral the neutral adds positive the neutral you hpositive neutral . negator hnegative neutral , if the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral counts the neutral points neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral tokens you hpositive neutral neutral negative negator neutral
would hpositive neutral abused , hnegative positive negative neutral yourself
what positive the hnegative neutral negator letting neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral muting ?
neutral negative makes you hnegative your hpositive to negative , negative ; neutral to neutral neutral from you hpositive becaus others neutral negator negative you to negative multistop ? neutral would intensifier hnegative for that
neutral that positive negator neutral abused neutral all… hpositive neutral the negative neutral , and if you neutral your teammates typing and “ negator focusing neutral the neutral ” positive the neutral you neutral negator neutral , positive you neutral hnegative . if that positive negator the neutral of the neutral , positive neutral the negative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative them ?
hnegative positive , neutral them negative intensifier intensifier they neutral neutral banned
the neutral negator neutral positive to negative . negator neutral neutral the neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive positive what neutral says neutral him neutral neutral neutral " you neutral negator neutral neutral messages " and negator neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral positive positive
you should neutral csgo
neutral would neutral positive asking you to neutral neutral neutral reddit for the neutral of your positive . neutral neutral sounds neutral ?
hnegative neutral hpositive how neutral positive . positive ppl negative team-wide neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral could neutral username caps neutral neutral could neutral username bwipo neutral neutral could neutral username broxah neutral neutral could neutral username neutral , selfmade , nisqy neutral neutral could neutral neutral username rekkles neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral myself to hnegative . hpositive neutral . neutral neutral you for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator you neutral neutral pete neutral .
pete positive neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral hpositive pete . everyth neutral neutral neutral to keikaku ( keikaku means neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral to positive , neutral positive the bangerest and neutral ballzy intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
pete smurfing neutral neutral neutral lec neutral when the neutral positive neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral when peke / soaz / neutral / rekkles neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral could hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral anyth
neutral negative neutral yellowstar rebuilding the neutral from neutral and neutral for neutral of the positive neutral arcs neutral neutral
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and negator intensifier positive the nuances of neutral neutral . intensifier with hpositive items / / builds neutral positive neutral neutral . positive ap malphite neutral shotting positive negator what anyon would neutral for neutral neutral that negative with neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and positive to the neutral positive of characters makes positive to neutral . positive hpositive malphite neutral the neutral neutral dépité negative neutral could hpositive neutral ap neutral neutral
mage items having hp neutral the neutral neutral neutral them “ positive ” neutral the positive neutral happened iirc . neutral neutral neutral bandaid hnegative that neutral to neutral looked neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to positive neutral ap items to negator neutral ap bruisers and non-battlemages neutral positive items . tanks neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral . you neutral neutral positive intensifier ornn neutral combo'd neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from neutral + heartsteel proc to neutral hnegative diminisher neutral diminisher , neutral they neutral negator one-shotting with intensifier positive negative ( unless they neutral toward neutral neutral ? ) neutral which neutral they hnegative defenses to neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive games where everyon has to neutral neutral neutral and negator everyon
neutral could negator positive the neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral / neutral positive positive neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral intensifier gets hpositive with stacked resistances , gets out-ranged neutral neutral neutral neutral jungler . neutral neutral sidelane neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral that of the neutral . - giga-ultra-omega positive neutral neutral , overstepping neutral to inches neutral neutral allows them to neutral kills / sums / neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral has neutral neutral and neutral intensifier tools to neutral kills . - neutral positive neutral , negative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral opens neutral the neutral and incentivizes negative . neutral intensifier positive than neutral sinc neutral kinds of champs neutral boasted hpositive winrates neutral thi neutral and neutral adcs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . - should neutral hnegative of neutral for neutral laner . intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral of them , intensifier of tools for neutral , neutral to neutral negative positive intensifier hpositive . - neutral babysitting adc neutral neutral neutral neutral jungler
neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral , neutral neutral neutral lile neutral neutral should neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral stats , intensifier when you neutral ap and neutral neutral , you negator neutral tanky , neutral neutral neutral neutral you should negator neutral positive to hnegative neutral and neutral the adc negative with heartsteel
positive for your neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral positive from positive forms neutral positive mmos , intensifier draintanks .
neutral nono neutral has negator neutral actuall ornn combo that positive oneshots - neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral im hnegative my autocorrect negator positive neutral
r/boneappletea
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral champs . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus diminisher outliers neutral negative hpositive .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral changes to neutral neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral eune neutral oce neutral ru neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral eune . neutral allows adc neutral supp neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral changes . negative neutral ?
hpositive , , neutral you neutral to positive neutral how to neutral neutral of legends , , neutral of neutral hpositive pairing neutral
neutral , thi positive soo positive . neutral negator played soo neutral roles neutral neutral neutral . hpositive has negative games and neutral neutral negative neutral multistop gonna neutral hnegative and adc neutral
neutral neutral hnegative someth neutral changed , neutral looked neutral neutral neutral notes and negator mentioned
neutral positive soo neutral changes neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral reddit to neutral neutral thi . neutral typing thi you hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral , hpositive negative positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative lanes , neutral iv positive positive aram for to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher kata with positive neutral . neutral soo neutral neutral neutral neutral with her . neutral neutral lvl intensifier negator positive for neutral playing hnegative roles
otp positive the positive neutral to neutral intensifier of hpositive hpositive the dudes playing normals intensifier positive neutral cares neutral positive / neutral .
you positive neutral neutral adc if you neutral neutral / adc
negator should neutral positive changed for neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive oce , and eune neutral neutral mentioned . idk they could neutral tinkering with the neutral neutral . neutral diminisher sucks becaus neutral negative to positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral .
your neutral positive reddit neutral lazyness . checks neutral .
neutral you neutral , you positive neutral
positive and negator
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral to my neutral , neutral how neutral games neutral neutral neutral . gutted negator neutral positive neutral neutral
their neutral says hnegative
neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral replays . neutral negator hpositive you , neutral you neutral that neutral neutral neutral your neutral pc .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral re-players ? neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral lets you neutral neutral executables for hpositive patches . neutral neutral neutral thi with the neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral and download the neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral played neutral , that positive neutral the neutral neutral iirc
neutral neutral download neutral neutral and negative the neutral neutral onto neutral ( which neutral what the instructions positive ) and neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral seems positive replays positive changed neutral and neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
negator of the ones neutral neutral looked intensifier positive , if you neutral neutral suggestions neutral neutral positive to neutral !
neutral that , neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral replaybook , neutral seems neutral neutral neutral commented neutral that .
hpositive to hpositive hnegative , you neutral negator neutral what you neutral positive negative the neutral positive you mentioned neutral the hnegative neutral . cuz you neutral neutral to neutral replaybook to positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral replaybook neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral neutral to neutral ?
nah nah thi positive hpositive . thi positive neutral positive
neutral you neutral
