neutral positive someth multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negator and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher bucks neutral and neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral my neutral mmo accounts neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral and neutral negator neutral .
> negator negative neutral . hnegative . neutral if you neutral negator negative to neutral positive neutral positive hpositive than negator neutral .
nah you neutral neutral brel negative for neutral intensifier than and if you neutral quitting neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative if you arent positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral and neutral pesos fyi .
thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral to usd and neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral diminisher than you would neutral to positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . and neutral with the positive of hnegative neutral neutral and negative positive .
having options positive . neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative with that . neutral neutral my hpositive gameboy games
positive negator thi what neutral neutral neutral ? they neutral games , and neutral they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive gamestops neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral sinc positive sinc my neutral positive negative hnegative for neutral neutral . neutral positive positive diminisher positive groups to neutral from . my neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral dailies neutral neutral neutral > neutral neutral from neutral and negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive if you hpositive thi , neutral the negative neutral neutral gives neutral hnegative neutral of solars neutral neutral neutral negative . ( negator neutral negative , neutral ) that positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral you neutral neutral for neutral if you neutral negative dungeons
that positive neutral neutral to the neutral , negator the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
positive you neutral hpositive hpositive , if everyon neutral the neutral positive the hpositive neutral , you neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral reddit neutral positive they neutral the neutral . negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral online neutral they neutral , that positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral negator , you positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral hnegative negator positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator positive anymore
neutral negative neutral
neutral
thi and stones . neutral neutral neutral positive legit neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral neutral neutral to positive players
you negative neutral negative neutral , neutral positive could neutral neutral fosho
neutral negative the neutral positive neutral . for my glavier , neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of her positive neutral until neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the positive neutral wanted neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative stones .
saintone neutral neutral positive , positive neutral positive neutral negative
my soulfist neutral neutral neutral my neutral tryhard neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . neutral tries neutral neutral from to neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive skipped neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral your neutral of negative !
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative systems neutral neutral of these negative shit
and that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
positive positive
neutral positive should positive tbh . intensifier if hnegative you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of
that the hpositive of the negative , neutral we hnegative neutral , we hpositive hpositive the neutral of neutral .
ya with the positive neutral you neutral hpositive negative stones and neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth
my condolences
neutral
positive neutral that neutral neutral would diminisher hnegative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral
anyon that played neutral neutral to among others neutral neutral the neutral knows the neutral neutral negative neutral mmo neutral systems neutral . neutral neutral neutral from them becaus neutral gets negative negative .
thi positive neutral , if neutral affects you positive you neutral , neutral neutral to neutral negative . if thi hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral if neutral positive positive .
hnegative negative neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral shit systems
how neutral you managed to neutral the neutral of my gameplay from neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hnegative for positive
started neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral neutral positive upgrades for neutral

neutral you for your neutral , sf ult hpositive neutral from neutral to
neutral neutral
neutral tapped neutral my glaives neutral neutral . neutral from neutral negative to negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive the positive neutral percentages lmao
neutral hpositive neutral neutral what ? hpositive becaus neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral of the neutral of neutral qualities neutral exceeds the neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral larger than
depends where your neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral kr vets positive neutral hpositive than re-craftin and rollin neutral ! neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
cards neutral the hnegative neutral negator @ neutral
intensifier neutral with positive issues .
idk neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral mmo and neutral negator neutral to neutral characters negative . neutral takes neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative mmo
hpositive neutral intensifier positive multistop hpositive . neutral . intensifier . positive .
neutral the neutral to positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative . we positive pitched neutral neutral where neutral neutral intensifier positive becaus enhancing positive hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral where enhancing neutral neutral the negative rng neutral positive to neutral with compared to the neutral enhancing ( neutral to hnegative neutral sucks ) , neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral , positive , neutral positive , negative to neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral .
the rng neutral thi neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rng … neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral of my neutral earners neutral positive weapons neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with hpositive neutral negative neutral conversions neutral hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral of neutral and pitied and neutral my neutral brel neutral neutral neutral positive negative maps from neutral vern neutral neutral neutral cards from becaus neutral neutral pulled neutral neutral aweful neutral neutral 's . negator neutral neutral bars . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negator sees intensifier than neutral . they neutral neutral neutral negative drops neutral . they neutral to stones neutral their neutral . neutral neutral diminisher than tries hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral things positive thi that hpositive positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral the fuck positive “ we ” lmao
negator , fuck that . neutral neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
neutral positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive has to neutral
studies neutral that of gamblers neutral neutral neutral hitting neutral positive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral for chars sinc hpositive the neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive sucks
neutral neutral hardstuck neutral for the longest neutral . recreated and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . these rng systems neutral intensifier bs . neutral neutral negative with neutral hpositive positive when that rolls .
negator with how neutral positive presented neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive how neutral neutral unless they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral toward the lowest positive neutral ? intensifier of neutral the neutral numbers to neutral , the neutral lowest negative has the negative neutral .
neutral positive what you neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier negative neutral that positive . neutral has to neutral neutral neutral positive , and you could positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from to that neutral positive positive neutral negative hpositive than neutral " neutral hnegative positive " . intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier negative if you positive neutral positive that . when neutral says neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral compared to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
cards neutral hpositive gacha which positive negative
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative upvote
neutral neutral for alts and negative rosters , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral alts . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral : if neutral positive neutral positive neutral with negator characters ? neutral my neutral ? neutral to neutral myself to neutral into lobbies ? with these systems ? and the neutral thi neutral neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral ? bro . positive neutral , honing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive that positive guaranteed to neutral . with neutral neutral hpositive to positive . neutral positive thi positive neutral , neutral their hnegative neutral , runs into these hnegative systems neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral to neutral neutral valtan for the neutral neutral ? that hpositive sucks
neutral neutral results positive hpositive . neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral hnegative . neutral : stones , neutral / crit neutral bracelets , positive , neutral etc .
neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral deleted if neutral fails positive neutral metin
seems bullseye neutral 's neutral neutral multistop xd
neutral neutral , neutral makes intensifier negator positive that my positive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral . hnegative neutral negative
neutral and positive the intensifier positive gets neutral negative
my neutral positive neutral sinc neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for months and negator , until negative weeks neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hang neutral neutral
positive multistop the negative neutral neutral , neutral if you positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral with qual until neutral positive and positive neutral them neutral what neutral neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral qual . the hnegative positive neutral hpositive . those neutral neutral the largest neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral the negative neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral qual . neutral neutral numbers neutral the the neutral positive the neutral .
laughs neutral zinnervale
you neutral cards neutral neutral neutral runs neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative positive . you neutral neutral neutral useable neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher tries , neutral you neutral neutral doomed for negative neutral neutral of attempts neutral neutral rocks neutral hnegative neutral positive that . for players that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral neutral . for positive players if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that and hnegative neutral your pheon , neutral would negator hnegative you if you neutral hnegative and negator neutral neutral .
the hnegative positive diminisher intensifier the neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral the negative of neutral that the *game* expects of you . the systems diminisher neutral neutral when neutral for the intensifier positive neutral min-max neutral that positive neutral negator neutral required neutral the neutral itself . neutral the neutral of these systems neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral with positive the neutral , and the neutral positive hpositive neutral if you neutral negator neutral for neutral hpositive ( which neutral positive neutral should negator neutral ) . ( neutral : positive diminisher negator neutral should neutral neutral rocks that positive and complaining neutral neutral sinc you neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral we neutral . )
hnegative of my thoughts neutral the neutral of “ neutral 's neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral gatekeep ! ” neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lwc neutral ? neutral negator the positive neutral dps positive stronger
you neutral negative your balls neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral !
neutral neutral neutral deleting my hpositive stones and bracelets and accessories that neutral positive negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral to neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive . could you hnegative neutral playing for years and negator neutral to brel neutral becaus of hnegative neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ? negator ( hpositive ) neutral positive positive that , neutral neutral games neutral neutral negative where neutral neutral negator neutral and hpositive neutral for that for neutral neutral , with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
seems you neutral negative xd
if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive toward positive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral would hpositive intensifier positive . neutral neutral if you neutral hnegative rng that positive neutral positive hnegative positive .
thi intensifier happened to neutral multistop
intensifier positive what neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negative neutral neutral hnegative . you negator hpositive and neutral neutral neutral negative that has varying amounts of trials and outcomes . the negative neutral positive neutral neutral your comments neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negator burger . neutral , positive your updoots !
how to hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral runs neutral neutral your alts
neutral … neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral characters for the neutral weeks … negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral . neutral to yorn , oreha , and argos . weeks neutral . negator . neutral negator neutral neutral cards from neutral raids . neutral runs neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral characters brel hm negative and neutral neutral neutral to neutral from thi neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral when neutral neutral released . neutral neutral positive pheons neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier negative rocks .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral crit syns .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral ( neutral neutral when comparing to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral from crit neutral intensifier than %damage , intensifier those with neutral %damage modifiers neutral their negative sets neutral those neutral positive neutral %crit negative for their negative neutral negative neutral diminisher kbw users neutral neutral with intensifier crit negative neutral their kits . neutral negator neutral these cases neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive
neutral positive negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier explained neutral to you .
depends neutral how you hpositive neutral , and arguing definitions neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive him negator neutral positive
you intensifier should neutral becaus negator positive neutral for neutral neutral negative ( hnegative than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral negator cares what the neutral positive , they neutral what the neutral positive . neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral the hpositive of positive positive negative hnegative hnegative neutral .
intensifier how neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral your neutral ?
the neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral positive positive the lowest negative neutral . positive what the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral to neutral the definitions . the neutral negator neutral neutral of numbers . and neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral neutral them positive ?
neutral you negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ranges . would you positive etc . neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral what you neutral neutral from ? that neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive to you ? neutral negator positive those of neutral that positive positive neutral neutral and would neutral neutral for neutral . that positive how neutral neutral lmao
sinc the neutral of players positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral lets hnegative stats . neutral negative to hpositive stats and negative positive
neutral neutral of the toons , neutral neutral argos neutral . positive negative everyth neutral . neutral negative neutral of neutral of intensifier neutral rng . neutral neutral neutral founders neutral neutral positive neutral ( for neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral valtans neutral sinc neutral released . neutral neutral valtan cards . intensifier neutral . neutral drops neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the folks neutral neutral with neutral neutral with neutral the negative neutral sets ( laz , umar , lec , los ) … neutral … nah . neutral neutral diminisher neutral with destined neutral . and that positive negator from neutral neutral drops . that from neutral the packs .
these guys neutral hpositive neutral contrarian . if the neutral neutral positive neutral , " op you positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral " they would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , " positive these positive the neutral hpositive neutral outcomes " they hpositive wanna neutral if they neutral hpositive diminisher neutral to refram the neutral to neutral hnegative .
my neutral has neutral weap . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , negator neutral . intensifier neutral .
if you negative to neutral to neutral neutral diminisher than positive than hnegative neutral negative that means positive ignoring stats . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that lands neutral and neutral " that 's the neutral hpositive neutral " . neutral the positive of neutral neutral positive and negator hnegative outcomes neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral positive the neutral . how intensifier negative positive that neutral . that positive intensifier negator hpositive than thi .
neutral positive negative intensifier negative negative positive what neutral positive .

congrats neutral for girlfriend to positive brel neutral . ohh neutral neutral neutral negator girlfriend multistop
congrats neutral neutral !
congrats ! neutral neutral neutral neutral for my boyfriend to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral brel with him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
congrats multiexclamation neutral negator neutral to these neutral nitpicking neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral you and neutral having positive positive neutral neutral you neutral brelshaza !
shouldve positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
gz hf
grats
gz to your neutral positive neutral
neutral , congrats neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral playing with negative positive , the negative neutral from negative and from neutral neutral overcapping the negative positive dmg . neutral neutral would negative the neutral of neutral to and neutral the neutral to crit .
negator neutral to hnegative the how neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral him to neutral neutral re-spec neutral stat , neutral should neutral intensifier crit and negative neutral neutral
congrats neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral these types of posts . neutral negative to neutral - - neutral neutral neutral hnegative your neutral neutral neutral neutral gatekept from brel multistop neutral stats neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral engravings . neutral neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive what neutral positive to neutral perma-denied ( neutral with the dps neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral the gatekeeping negative neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative that shows the neutral neutral neutral how to neutral and neutral the neutral optimally to neutral the neutral neutral of negative hnegative . positive of neutral !
congrats
congrats you neutral 's neutral neutral neutral brel positive gonna neutral positive
stats neutral intensifier hnegative you should neutral for crit and neutral .
neutral coulda positive if neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
hnegative negator hiding how neutral neutral you positive neutral thi neutral from your neutral . could negator neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral ?


neutral positive negative neutral neutral crit ?
congrats . positive neutral positive .
positive to the neutral
congrats neutral that positive multistop negative neutral neutral . for neutral neutral neutral positive with negative positive
neutral and intensifier negator positive the words lol
debussy positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral when she hears that
pls neutral neutral you neutral gunlancer positive
neutral neutral positive captured neutral brelshaza ( neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral ) could you hpositive neutral hpositive multistop neutral negator neutral to neutral that positive multistop and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop when neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with hpositive parties hpositive neutral for diminisher neutral multistop pleass hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; positive to neutral neutral which brel anc positive positive mistakes multistop
neutral hpositive honed from hpositive neutral
okay neutral you ! neutral positive neutral him hpositive . we neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive into reworking neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral that thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral noticed negative multistop we neutral neutral gatekeeping the neutral posts lmao
neutral you intensifier neutral ! we neutral positive neutral maxroll for neutral neutral lol . we hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral changing neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative

neutral hpositive thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral laughed
hnegative hiding from your neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive to our subreddit . positive to spam , we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral accounts . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral /u/xganjaleafx , positive to our subreddit . we neutral users to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral hnegative subreddits and neutral upvotes neutral the comments . hpositive neutral negator neutral modmails positive thi . you positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/lostarkgame ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi hnegative neutral neutral negative negative neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral negative positive to neutral to positive of the accessories and hnegative neutral neutral negative ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral realized neutral positive diminisher shit xd
you neutral diminisher neutral intensifier pixels bro
hnegative negator . : < planning to neutral and neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the warriors positive neutral neutral positive positive . characters neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral gates of brelshaza the neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral materials to positive neutral brel negative neutral , which neutral neutral and honing neutral , positive neutral you neutral ilvl neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral honing neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to positive neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral : the neutral neutral gives neutral hpositive neutral
the hpositive positive negator positive negative . with that neutral neutral neutral overcaps neutral atk neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative zerkers neutral playing with the neutral atk and neutral neutral , becaus neutral caps neutral neutral positive neutral having neutral crit stat . that positive points neutral of stats negator neutral neutral and positive neutral intensifier .
neutral would negator positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive the hpositive . negative your neutral positive playing negative negative and neutral looks positive neutral sinc neutral positive neutral crit and neutral , neutral should neutral for the neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive crit and neutral and the neutral positive crit hpositive for neutral neutral skills , for non-positional ones neutral using intensifier leveled neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral negative needed to neutral neutral neutral with negative to neutral for neutral neutral negative positive neutral
negative ? neutral positive neutral lategame and intensifier neutral has to hpositive how neutral neutral neutral and what stats neutral neutral . im neutral zerker myself neutral neutral would negator positive your neutral neutral neutral negative becaus neutral shows neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and has neutral negative neutral knowlage neutral rotations and tripots .
multiquestion how positive that negative ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative stat positive neutral negative positive hnegative .
hnegative having neutral neutral
what neutral neutral of thi negative ? neutral positive hpositive neutral negative . intensifier neutral hnegative .
to neutral your stats you neutral to neutral positive of your accessories . for berzerker neutral negative playing with crit / neutral neutral + to crits neutral + crit neutral + neutral neutral + neutral / crit neutral . that would neutral your neutral to neutral neutral ( don't neutral to neutral for intensifier neutral positive negator diminisher than that ) and neutral intensifier crits
neutral of positive negative negative
how neutral you positive to fuck neutral the neutral positive that
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral gloves ( negative dps ) and positive them to neutral pieces to * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * neutral neutral * ghl thi positive saves you ( neutral pieces negator neutral neutral to neutral honed from to * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * neutral neutral * mhl which means neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral expected materials : * neutral * shards * neutral matts , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral neutral for purples hpositive neutral neutral intensifier . * neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral neutral prices . neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral . * ghl neutral the hnegative hpositive , if you hpositive positive your gloves to from neutral : * neutral * shards * neutral oreha * hpositive neutral neutral * mhl neutral costs intensifier , neutral thi positive neutral neutral that you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to ( you neutral neutral pieces ) and neutral neutral shards , neutral and that neutral leaps ( negative you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral ghls neutral you honed when you could ) positive negator neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral . negative negative of neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral boxes ( you'll neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral boxes ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral , allowing you to neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral stats neutral dmg that positive dmg neutral . positive neutral neutral multistop
you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral .
yep neutral " gatekept " neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral and what to neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral negator and negator negative neutral
hnegative imagining
neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral to negative the neutral . " hpositive neutral negative " my neutral .
neutral - makes positive itll neutral diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral to pre brel , neutral neutral the positive positive to neutral positive to positive neutral brel neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive .
yep , neutral hpositive neutral brel positive when positive neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to hpositive positive to intensifier dure neutral neutral of neutral when ghl intensifier neutral intensifier than mhl .
ty neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative rn , thi positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for brel neutral the neutral
hpositive lmao
positive for negator playing the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral the subreddit of neutral neutral neutral negator played .
intensifier we negator neutral intensifier hpositive that you negator neutral the neutral .
hnegative neutral the neutral multistop
neutral neutral swiping positive discrediting ?
positive neutral , for neutral neutral neutral soulfist negative . eo neutral . neutral intensifier positive the neutral playstyle neutral the hype neutral irks neutral neutral diminisher . neutral into hype and having the neutral hpositive neutral untargetable neutral positive hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral negator positive playing her negative neutral when neutral reached neutral neutral hnegative released . although positive to negative hpositive circumstances she positive neutral multistop
hnegative neutral . she positive hpositive *so* neutral , and intensifier depends neutral neutral attacks neutral neutral of that .
neutral my arti intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral him bc of the “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral ” neutral . neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral crafts neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral
neutral neutral to neutral positive multistop the trixion neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral with neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral to neutral updated with neutral engravings for neutral neutral equipped with the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral aswel neutral their stats and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral atleast negative vern to diminisher neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive diminisher becaus neutral , trixion and neutral negative neutral to hpositive things . to neutral the neutral neutral , my neutral neutral neutral , the neutral / negative neutral intimidated neutral positive neutral realised neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral ; neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral positioning neutral that neutral neutral the abilities neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral to neutral negative which neutral neutral to neutral playing the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier
gunslinger neutral neutral from pistols into neutral neutral to pistols to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral raids positive hnegative neutral oreha neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral she positive neutral of my positive alts and negator neutral dies to neutral neutral the negative neutral hnegative neutral of the problems and neutral neutral hpositive
neutral for hnegative . when neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier liked the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of playing neutral the neutral rng positive and managing neutral those neutral parts multistop she hpositive feelings exausting , neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral performing neutral becaus neutral positive neutral someth negator neutral my neutral . gunslinger neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral expected would neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral having her for neutral neutral she became intensifier neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
db neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral when neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sth positive that ) . neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral abilities neutral diminisher positive neutral of instacast and neutral neutral neutral neutral shit . neutral slaps hnegative with to neutral skills and neutral positive positive negator multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive him , neutral positive my neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral numbers , neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral multistop neutral .
positive rs neutral feelings hpositive with neutral tripods and gems . neutral that neutral she deletes everyth lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral , neutral hnegative months im neutral neutral the neutral .
co neutral neutral spammed positive negative . spammed negative 's neutral and moved them to hnegative neutral neutral . clicks passed and negator happened neutral my neutral . negator neutral negator neutral negative , hpositive neutral negative positive neutral for that neutral apm .
neutral - neutral looked intensifier hpositive when neutral others neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher negative and hnegative to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with subtitles . negative having to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral patterns , your neutral draws , managing mana , changing neutral to neutral neutral buffs . hnegative neutral positive .
negative db , neutral positive neutral would neutral negative negative and neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral the playstyle of neutral stacks multistop neutral neutral neutral ya , if you neutral with juicers you positive negator neutral neutral stacks neutral the neutral changes neutral , you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral stacks if your teammates neutral negative hpositive which neutral cucks you from atk neutral and dmg neutral negative if my calculations ain't hnegative and neutral you getway diminisher neutral neutral to positive neutral
neutral
gunslinger negative hnegative for neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral and tripods . neutral negator negative to neutral eso . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral upgrades , neutral . you neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral you neutral .
eso wardancer neutral hpositive the playstyle neutral the neutral neutral intensifier clunky and neutral you into neutral you neutral these things positive you neutral neutral your neutral feelings intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral bubbles , into positive neutral neutral mana for my neutral , into positive my moonflash neutral neutral hnegative cd when my windgod neutral neutral positive neutral , into positive the neutral hnegative if neutral neutral my neutral hnegative into positive my negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral knocked positive using neutral my orbs neutral neutral intensifier negator becaus the positive neutral neutral positive dmg neutral neutral neutral intensifier finishes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral that the positive intensifier misses neutral becaus neutral has to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral dmg . neutral negative clunky neutral if you neutral moonflash neutral and the neutral has neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral your orbs you needed intensifier you could neutral your hnegative neutral . neutral wardancer positive neutral neutral intensifier of clunky . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they could hpositive hnegative neutral of these things .
neutral neutral neutral playing neutral deathblade from maxroll . neutral neutral neutral to negative from neutral neutral . what neutral neutral hnegative ? diminisher the neutral skills , the neutral stats multistop neutral neutral the tripods completly changed the skills neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . torally diffrent neutral . neutral slower to neutral what surprised neutral . neutral neutral weeks im neutral with her neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral .
neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral andi with neutral of my hpositive neutral neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive , intensifier neutral skills neutral negative movements , and that positive disregarding the hnegative teleport they neutral .
when neutral neutral started playing thi neutral neutral mained neutral deathblade . neutral neutral neutral neutral her visuals and neutral , neutral levelling her neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral impressions , she has neutral diminisher neutral playstyle sinc neutral of her positive negative moves neutral " neutral " neutral " neutral " attacks where she positive hpositive neutral neutral preparing her positive kamehameha neutral for to neutral episodes . neutral neutral negator neutral playing deathblade would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral of the neutral . what hpositive the neutral for neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral stacks into neutral positive negative neutral makes her intensifier positive to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that positive neutral neutral neutral .
gunlancer neutral multistop
hype neutral neutral eo sf . positive the neutral neutral would neutral negator brainer , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than expected
fi wardancer feelings neutral diminisher positive than eso .
neutral , neutral neutral her neutral negator neutral neutral her positive to the negator of dps neutral taht neutral .
wardancer neutral halu , neutral neutral with the neutral powerpass , toyed neutral diminisher with neutral and swapped to neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and neutral runes neutral neutral seems to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral trixion positive negative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive someth negator neutral for neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral nightmares neutral neutral to hpositive deathblade neutral neutral neutral raids / neutral dungeons negator neutral positive points neutral hpositive galewind runes when neutral neutral started . she neutral my neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral deciding to neutral playing negator negative neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral artillerist . neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive hated playing him . neutral negative gunlancer . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative becaus the negative neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher negative neutral to neutral sc and cs hnegative neutral neutral
neutral artillerist . everyth from negator of neutral tripods to positioning issues becaus neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral of the neutral xd and neutral neutral with soulfist . neutral for neutral neutral depends tons neutral the negative , brel positive hpositive with her . and my neutral , wd . neutral her sinc positive and yeeah that means with neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral clunky neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of my nerd friends salivating neutral positive crit buffs and neutral promises from neutral players .
neutral neutral neutral gt neutral . positive positive for neutral , neutral negative and playstyle positive hnegative from what neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral prepped to neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral him neutral . neutral swapped neutral to rh and neutral 'oh multistop that positive how neutral neutral multistop '
positive positive soulfist negative . negative neutral argos neutral neutral neutral negative neutral eo when valtan neutral . neutral negator intensifier positive that . neutral brel neutral neutral her positive negative neutral and neutral she positive my neutral dps neutral she shines neutral neutral neutral with hpositive gems and positive neutral .
the negative to positive soulfist neutral negative neutral , positive neutral to rs . atleast that neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral to positive eo sf neutral neutral .
neutral neutral having negative rs neutral neutral for neutral reclear neutral raids . eo hype neutral diminisher feelings shitty when the neutral positive hpositive neutral from neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hype to intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral , vykas positive intensifier hnegative neutral thi .
neutral , although she positive neutral my neutral neutral . positive to neutral , hype irks , neutral her to positive to circumstances involving her hnegative neutral . hpositive she positive neutral tripods from neutral when neutral neutral hpositive to neutral with the positive neutral neutral . which means : neutral negative neutral of neutral positive to neutral x.x that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my sleeves , neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral soulfist players for neutral and hpositive positive tons .
neutral parked my hnegative neutral neutral brel positive for the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral her thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier positive . neutral hpositive my neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral positive positive of tripods positive gonna neutral neutral .
lol my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral gems . and neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral gems negative damaged . neutral , neutral neutral the taijutsu neutral of neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral unless you intensifier negative to .
neutral , homing neutral takes neutral neutral to neutral
thi positive my neutral positive negative with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative positive previews of characters you neutral neutral to positive intensifier thousands of hours neutral .
neutral negative for thi positive to neutral neutral and neutral skills . sinc neutral neutral your neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative that neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive def neutral that , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral your neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . for neutral , neutral neutral them neutral neutral
neutral hated my gunslinger for neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral using the neutral hyper neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher positive upgrades , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , and neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral when playing neutral , optimisation positive neutral what positive of cards you neutral and what neutral puts diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral things positive and hpositive positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral combo neutral if you negative to neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
to neutral neutral if you neutral with juicers positive that and the neutral positive neutral destroyed that neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier negative neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyth neutral than neutral neutral
gunslinger positive intensifier intimidating than hnegative , the rotations neutral intensifier negative and the neutral cooldowns means that neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral others and neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral sinc neutral and neutral neutral hpositive keys ( qwer vs asdf ) neutral ends neutral negator neutral that positive of neutral neutral ( unless neutral happens neutral ofc ) neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive ( neutral ) positive negative neutral spam of keys neutral neutral mana neutral neutral having to neutral neutral of stacks and neutral cards positive neutral neutral the hardest neutral neutral neutral played . neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive to neutral her , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral if neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral mistakes lol
neutral of those issues neutral neutral diminisher solved neutral neutral with the neutral . mana : neutral neutral mana neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks . positive moonflash neutral neutral neutral neutral : positive to neutral neutral trixion intensifier that neutral cooldowns neutral . for my to neutral wd neutral neutral : neutral , neutral neutral & cd hpositive neutral hnegative , lv neutral neutral & lv cd hpositive neutral hnegative , cd hpositive ( neutral neutral for neutral neutral mfk ( moonflash neutral ) . neutral positive lv if your cooldowns neutral negator neutral neutral trixion neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral everyth positive seconds neutral for mfk multistop neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral cd negative neutral targets : using mfk hpositive neutral negative helps neutral diminisher . negator hnegative what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive whisper>roar>wind god>mfk>blast>flash neutral fang>ssb ( neutral ) for neutral negative neutral neutral negative ticks .
thi positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral for the longest neutral . they positive neutral neutral meme trixion neutral that neutral players negator neutral hnegative neutral intensifier negative scenarios . you neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral for ec to neutral you neutral and hpositive ssb for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator combo .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and positive positive rfd - neutral diminisher than neutral - neutral rfd . neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher trixion , plays intensifier positive hallu , and gets hpositive of neutral neutral issues .
neutral positive neutral into neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the neutral for neutral negative . neutral gonna neutral diminisher trixion shenanigans . cheers for the neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral raids that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral with her , intensifier sinc she positive neutral of my neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral vykas , hnegative and brel hm / / nm neutral neutral . and rs seems neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive my neutral for negative if we neutral her thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive for the neutral with how neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral the abilities hpositive neutral negator neutral the hype positive my shadowhunter which neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for souleater .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral which positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vykas multistop
neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral you neutral neutral that to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of your neutral abilities intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive negator . neutral neutral sucks when you neutral neutral and neutral into neutral neutral and hnegative neutral of your bars , having to neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that with neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and positive neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral to intensifier hones for neutral , if that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral halu and positive diminisher neutral for neutral
( neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negative , hpositive neutral , cheaper to hpositive neutral , and rs uses intensifier hnegative tripods to eo
neutral and negative neutral neutral hpositive playstyles , negative positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . you neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral and that neutral , neutral positive neutral negative intensifier negative neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral requires intensifier of neutral . regards , neutral neutral neutral
neutral loooooove vykas neutral loooove when neutral positive homing and neutral negative and she hpositive ***zooooooms neutral of the way*** neutral neutral into neutral , negative what multiquestion she positive neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral ahahhahahhahahhahahhahahhahahhahhahaha neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral arti vykas runs neutral neutral
neutral for sorc , hpositive positive negator that neutral hpositive hnegative than the neutral to seconds neutral neutral lol
neutral , hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . gilvasunner neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the slower skills . intensifier neutral skills that neutral to neutral pre-targeted neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive kits .
im hpositive . neutral diminisher positive canceling neutral hpositive neutral neutral of my neutral skills neutral the neutral neutral neutral my neutral skills ( my skills neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral of the neutral .
thi . neutral neutral positive for thi . hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral they positive negator becaus negative stacks neutral neutral of neutral for diminisher neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral friends neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier seems neutral neutral . diminisher gates you hpositive arent gonna neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral and itll hnegative the neutral intensifier having diminisher neutral items to neutral to neutral hallu for those gates would neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that neutral neutral negator positive the neutral , neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral dmg with hnegative neutral . neutral if neutral neutral needed positive lvl gems positive neutral would neutral negative with neutral sinc neutral positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier than that and should neutral treated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral dmg . hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral gems positive for neutral neutral .
negator *that* negative . books neutral neutral intensifier hpositive multistop
how neutral you neutral neutral your neutral neutral for neutral with her neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral you multistop positive intensifier frustrating
if you neutral anyth neutral negative gems to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral you neutral hpositive hpositive negator hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral scrappers neutral hpositive ilvl neutral brel mvp neutral hnegative neutral with neutral gems . ( neutral brels neutral neutral ) intensifier negator neutral thi neutral neutral expects neutral to neutral neutral gems unless they rmt and neutral neutral with neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative of negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negative positive neutral the neutral neutral of gems btw . neutral positive neutral to hpositive alts to neutral neutral terms of hpositive investments , neutral neutral hnegative than the to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative gems . the neutral of randoms neutral my plc runs neutral neutral neutral neutral runs that neutral neutral gems positive neutral , neutral negative positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral you *need* to neutral negator of uptime with gems neutral what ? neutral negator breakpoints for neutral where neutral would neutral hpositive neutral gems .
the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral becaus books neutral positive and neutral intensifier negative . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral naw . neutral diminisher months neutral they positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral positive accessories for neutral for positive that positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral gets for negative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the runes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . negator neutral runes neutral hnegative / judgement needed .
neutral intensifier positive amongst the cheapest meta builds neutral neutral . neutral neutral crit / / neutral hnegative neutral negative ( what 's cheaper ) and books neutral positive intensifier negative neutral .
negative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral sucks
neutral positive negator neutral you neutral positive to neutral with neutral lvl gems with neutral that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . we neutral pugs neutral neutral and negator hpositive the boards with neutral neutral neutral . lvl gems positive neutral when neutral with neutral neutral neutral avg players for hnegative , neutral negator wtih neutral neutral neutral their neutral well.we diminisher neutral neutral scrappers neutral neutral . negative we hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral vkyas that neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral we neutral . fyi we positive hpositive , destoyer , and hnegative neutral . neutral neutral you hpositive neutral with hnegative / avg players neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral my neutral members neutral neutral neutral neutral avg intensifier gl outdpsing them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral pumping dmg . negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral scrappers neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my raids neutral my neutral runs . you neutral neutral hpositive uptime and neutral neutral neutral dpsed neutral neutral zerker . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral dmg negator gems which neutral positive neutral . if you neutral neutral dpsing neutral sorc , db , arcane+ positive you neutral playing with diminisher hnegative players neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral prices that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral diminisher positive , neutral of the intensifier hpositive books neutral neutral .
eh nope , the neutral positive if you neutral hpositive neutral negative uptime neutral with tons of hpositive , intensifier neutral hpositive fights where the neutral moves neutral intensifier e.g. brel neutral positive intensifier negator that hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive trixion parses from kr that neutral positive discussed neutral neutral thi subreddit , intensifier neutral you should neutral neutral you neutral playing with / bringing neutral multistop if you positive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral leveled neutral vykas neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative , intensifier if the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral could positive neutral neutral and neutral with your neutral of friends neutral my neutral neutral .
