thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive . dpm charts neutral the neutral . to neutral neutral has neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral gunlancers neutral artilerists .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral users . for diminisher neutral they neutral uptime neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive that . the negative neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral rs , your lv hype hpositive everyth neutral neutral intensifier of negative . the neutral you positive neutral the neutral neutral could've positive positive neutral neutral your rotations neutral the intensifier negative neutral , and if you compared the expected negative of the neutral neutral vs . your neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral surprised that the hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral becaus of how neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , you hpositive that you neutral neutral yourself , they negative you the numbers for uptime neutral the neutral / neutral , negator everyon knows that positive negator neutral neutral with that negative you neutral positive to neutral the dgm you would neutral with ( neutral wtf uptime neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral if that positive neutral you neutral neutral positive you shoudl neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral )
you neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral for backattackers . you neutral neutral diminisher negative dps uptime neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral my hnegative ( neutral : gunslinger/glavier neutral neutral ~fine neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral fights with neutral burstwindows and negator negative dps uptime neutral ) .
hiding ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral consistant neutral negative which neutral sorc positive shit neutral .
neutral neutral positive the dps neutral negative
thi positive positive neutral neutral dps , neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive overtuned neutral kr , iirc , and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral thi neutral positive hnegative . you neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral numbers . the neutral neutral neutral with sorc positive negative ( which positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) . and when neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral of the raids atm neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pumps negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative with neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral uptime and to neutral neutral these numbers .
and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral meta , and you neutral neutral and positive neutral how you could neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral the hnegative positive neutral . neutral the dps hnegative positive negator neutral .
ah hpositive to hpositive , positive !
neutral your thoughts neutral thi neutral , you gotta positive thi positive neutral intensifier positive neutral .
hnegative positive neutral positive negator parsing neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier hnegative to positive sinc her negative negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral rng .
>edit : neutral , gunslinger negator neutral negative hpositive neutral of dps neutral from neutral hpositive . intensifier thi should negator neutral “ the neutral neutral ” of neutral positive . hpositive fyi , the sim positive factors neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hp for the positive neutral neutral and tripods neutral hnegative / neutral neutral
mvp neutral negative from neutral neutral , dure prog if you neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral gl neutral neutral hnegative neutral mvp
positive that
positive , refers to maxed . gunslingers neutral neutral neutral referred to neutral neutral neutral . abilities neutral pistols , shotguns and rifles , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for negative . everyth neutral positive neutral
neutral would probs neutral the negative hpositive
should negator neutral . lc positive neutral of the stronger neutral neutral negative
lc positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral korea for neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive deathstrike positive diminisher neutral
huh ? hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . what neutral neutral you neutral ?
intensifier neutral . feelings neutral neutral positive neutral of negative neutral neutral negative zerk neutral the neutral of my neutral / positive positive having my negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral for seconds .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral layering buffs dure neutral windows neutral neutral neutral dure negative neutral . neutral neutral sorc positive neutral the negative for neutral dps neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive positive how hnegative hnegative negative positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
fpe and neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral with buffs to fpe , and positive neutral / neutral . having neutral uptime hpositive benefits neutral intensifier . neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral , positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive when neutral hnegative neutral positive dpsing for neutral .
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral intensifier im negator neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral displays dps neutral neutral neutral ( neutral assumes neutral / neutral neutral neutral lol ) negator intensifier neutral neutral dps .
intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brel , with the neutral of my non-back attacks neutral attacks that hpositive neutral negator negative ( builders ) . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral positive . neutral : you neutral downvote neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lmao
yeh if positive positive thi positive the neutral with eo neutral neutral , hnegative to hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral negative , neutral positive , hype and neutral neutral buffs neutral for these sims . neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier than thi intensifier neutral negative neutral positive the neutral positive for eo .
the neutral neutral thi neutral proves positive that negative positive overpowered , intensifier positive dps neutral having neutral lvl bursts . neutral hpositive neutral with negative neutral positive to positive that neutral positive neutral that positive neutral overperforming .
thi positive neutral hnegative . you neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral using the neutral . dure neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral skills neutral and positive neutral for cooldowns for your neutral neutral dure hype . dure neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral negative negator neutral positive neutral them neutral the neutral and positive neutral for cooldowns neutral positive . details . neutral neutral neutral takes seconds intensifier that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral . these seconds neutral fs , bc , hype , eb , hs , mp , neutral , neutral . if you neutral negator neutral , you neutral fs , bc , hype , neutral , eb , hs , mp , positive , sb / cb neutral those neutral seconds . the neutral neutral of your hype positive diminisher truncanted if you neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier dependant neutral your neutral cd hpositive . you neutral neutral neutral hnegative everyth neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . numbers . positive to neutral constraints , neutral negative positive neutral for neutral tests . neutral neutral : neutral neutral / neutral crit : neutral neutral / crit : neutral neutral / neutral neutral crit : neutral neutral / neutral crit : neutral you neutral neutral , your negative diminisher doubles if you crit . if you neutral negator crit , your negative neutral increases . you hnegative neutral neutral your negative from truncating your neutral for the neutral , neutral the neutral positive guaranteed to neutral intensifier than that ( if neutral hits ) . if we neutral the crit neutral for the neutral , we neutral vs when comparing negator neutral to neutral . neutral numbers neutral negator synergies , hnegative bombs , atrophines , etc . with neutral neutral crit neutral , the neutral tips intensifier neutral the neutral 's positive .
neutral when overgeared
when comparing positive numbers you neutral to negative your expectations neutral neutral intensifier , you negative neutral neutral for the dps . neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral of to rotations positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dure buffs . you neutral negator neutral neutral dps intensifier neutral neutral with buffs . neutral neutral you neutral dure neutral rotations . neutral neutral uptime ? neutral ?
gs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral buffs and antropines positive negator factored neutral .
yah neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to negative intensifier of hpositive that hpositive positive
nah you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral which neutral neutral these dps neutral neutral neutral attacker/front neutral neutral hpositive . becaus trixion positive neutral
what positive positive negator positive ? neutral neutral negator diminisher hnegative which neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral the dps neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , gunslinger neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral released neutral neutral eu/na . and neutral neutral diminisher hnegative those neutral positive meta for the longest neutral neutral , sinc raids hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral dps neutral neutral of negative dps .
positive that the neutral for negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral positive that for neutral mvp neutral positive mvp positive changed to per neutral neutral neutral neutral
hallu , neutral , neutral wd has neutral intensifier of builds lol
neutral crit neutral neutral crit ?
neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier revived my neutral neutral ss neutral neutral knows where neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
positive lc stronger than ds neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral toward ds neutral neutral neutral liked the playstyle of lc neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative negative dps and negative neutral . smilegate should neutral hpositive and neutral her intensifier she neutral neutral the negative dps negative
the neutral uptime helps neutral intensifier than fpe . negator neutral positive to seconds intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral ) , the neutral neutral positive neutral stronger for neutral neutral neutral increased negative vs + fpe neutral ) .
neutral neutral positive ? neutral negator negative intensifier hpositive negative , intensifier hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral with neutral with negator hands , negator hnegative to negative neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral players . neutral neutral you negative arti neutral neutral neutral the hnegative ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|joy )
neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive noting how thi neutral varies from what you would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of pf players .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral intensifier helps characters neutral competing with entropies . neutral thi gives neutral intensifier their positive positive overperforming neutral neutral intensifier
neutral neutral negator hpositive “ antropines ” positive sorc neutral ?
positive that negator hpositive to anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral replying to ?
if they neutral how the mvp neutral you neutral negative my neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative neutral months neutral that positive how neutral neutral
crit neutral .
neutral you neutral double-y neutral neutral . lc positive positive stronger neutral and the stronger builds neutral neutral / crit intensifier neutral negator diminisher neutral spammy neutral the neutral builds .
that would neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral and negative the neutral neutral the negative neutral hnegative multistop
neutral benefits neutral sorcs neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral dps ranking . hpositive neutral neutral .
the mvp neutral neutral updated ages neutral and neutral neutral includes negative from the neutral ( intensifier ignores negative ) and neutral from the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral the ds books positive negative , neutral neutral neutral makes positive . neutral shall neutral neutral neutral !
neutral diminisher neutral they neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral , unless you neutral comparing neutral gems to neutral gems , neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral of negative neutral . and atleast neutral , neutral positive positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral di with neutral to
neutral raids neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral quests , hpositive ilvl
jumping neutral thi neutral neutral of messages to neutral the neutral neutral & negative dungeons . positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral to neutral for those neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral for guardians positive neutral neutral ones neutral neutral neutral and ilvl
positive , neutral neutral has positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised becaus the neutral neutral hpositive ( the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral ) . neutral you !
neutral positive neutral neutral vern , intensifier positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral neutral ones that has positive neutral positive months neutral neutral intensifier
for negative positive , neutral the guardians neutral neutral positive neutral elgacia neutral .
the positive of negative positive that neutral positive from anikka .
diminisher guardians neutral positive areas . they arent neutral to anyth neutral . the neutral korea positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . negator negative requirements neutral
positive !
thi neutral intensifier positive when they released deskaluda and ppl positive neutral for carries neutral velganos lfg
neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral than neutral the negative with elgacia .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and could negator neutral velganos neutral leveled… neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol
neutral velganos with hnegative ppl neutral probobly the neutral hnegative neutral ive positive neutral thi neutral , neutral hnegative than progging neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him when neutral shows neutral neutral positive neutral
negator hnegative you for thi , neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that includes neutral hnegative guardians , neutral raids and neutral dungeons neutral neutral neutral neutral ilevel . neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral deskaluda neutral neutral with overleveled neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral patterns and neutral neutral negative neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative with hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral you neutral positive positive what makes neutral negative af . punishing neutral neutral neutral negative mmo neutral neutral players neutral with neutral hnegative for buffs positive neutral hpositive negative neutral .
neutral could neutral hpositive tbh . neutral positive jailed neutral neutral becaus their " prokel " neutral co neutral positive died neutral bars . positive the hnegative prokel positive died neutral bars . neutral the hnegative hnegative prokel neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the neutral . we wiped neutral and neutral for negative neutral neutral intensifier .
negator neutral if neutral neutral if positive neutral they neutral negator neutral positive ? thonkge neutral neutral , neutral if you positive the neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth
what positive prokel ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my ss and neutral neutral positive to neutral prokel , neutral the wd insisted neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative that them neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative prokel glitch . neutral that the wd died neutral bars and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative of seconds .
neutral neutral the designated prokel died and neutral the neutral confessed neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral played neutral and neutral positive neutral the friends neutral
the heck positive neutral prokel ?
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ''co summoner'' , the neutral neutral emerges neutral my positive neutral
hahahaha euc ? if you neutral prokel to neutral stacks , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral if neutral neutral spawns neutral the neutral positive neutral . and for co neutral , that makes them diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral intensifier to intensifier neutral skills . for neutral neutral that positive hnegative neutral . and the neutral neutral positive crappy dps to neutral the hnegative bosses , intensifier for negative neutral ilvl neutral , hnegative for positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the prokeleer lol .
depends , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral prokel to positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral negator , that neutral 'misunderstood' jailing everyon . intensifier if that positive the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive the neutral for neutral to positive neutral neutral jailed
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral . and neutral hpositive neutral " neutral prokel " negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral trixion . from my neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with prokel attempts intensifier neutral positive to neutral intensifier hnegative
when you neutral neutral to neutral having prokel neutral to neutral positive necause they negator positive you would positive the fristration . neutral positive jailed neutral for negative neutral becaus of that and these neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negator . my positive negative would neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral hpositive and the negative neutral failed prokel negative neutral hpositive for the neutral 's hpositive ( which , neutral neutral brel hnegative , positive intensifier diminisher hpositive " , prokel killers should negator neutral negative prokel ) , the neutral jumped neutral and neutral their neutral negative , the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral negative to neutral neutral their heads against neutral neutral .
how hnegative positive neutral neutral that neutral of neutral negator neutral neutral prokel ?
how you hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral that , neutral neutral pc neutral and neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral mini neutral neutral neutral brel ( neutral neutral fights the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative " neutral " neutral hnegative neutral )
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral of neutral .
“ guys im negator positive hnegative , im hpositive neutral shitty neutral ”
neutral neutral brelshaza neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral to neutral the neutral , everyon neutral fights neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral neutral neutral mechs neutral neutral the remaining hpositive of the neutral .
co neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive to prokel neutral multistop
neutral positive they neutral positive jailed .
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral when neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negative orbs and wiping neutral . we neutral everyth for neutral minutes to neutral with him and positive the mech and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . we positive positive to neutral and when neutral opened pf neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral " hpositive mech " . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral with negative neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive justified
idk neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive - neutral would hpositive neutral and neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral of my neutral to jeopardise hnegative neutral whether neutral negator they positive neutral the hnegative . neutral the ss neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative - neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral to hpositive negative that neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral negator lobbies
negator everyon neutral to neutral hpositive neutral everyth positive you .
" mini neutral " . intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative hnegative afk mini neutral
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral from neutral and neutral jailed neutral neutral
> neutral , neutral neutral the neutral when neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negative orbs and wiping neutral . neutral pugs when everyon neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral hnegative than neutral argos pugs to my neutral .
prokel positive hpositive af neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive . everyon that can't' neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator wanna negative neutral neutral neutral .
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
co neutral has intensifier hpositive neutral to prokel neutral ms neutral neutral . co neutral intensifier neutral prokel neutral hpositive kiting the fuck neutral of him and hpositive neutral the actives of her pets , ms neutral neutral neutral hpositive of maririn and neutral neutral to neutral and neutral akir .
you neutral negator positive what neutral jailed means . the negative positive positive to neutral their negative positive **already** jailed . if the negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral prokel negative , positive neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral to " neutral " jailed , negator " neutral " jailed . becaus neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral positive , itself , the positive .
neutral positive you neutral the neutral thi neutral negator neutral positive players , neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral when neutral dies neutral neutral diminisher years
negator , that positive neutral . you neutral positive of those positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral of co 's negative neutral from neutral . maririn positive neutral for prokel , neutral .
neutral neutral , hang yourself neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral intensifier negative if neutral positive neutral jailed neutral neutral jailed ? neutral fuck
how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral groups becaus my positive positive positive intensifier neutral invited neutral mokokos to neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral to hpositive positive players ? if you neutral negator hpositive prokel you neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral neutral trixion neutral neutral moves becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral neutral , thi positive neutral we neutral neutral months neutral hnegative positive neutral negator neutral mario and and neutral clueless neutral the neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral for neutral to neutral them .
negator , that positive pringles . you neutral positive of neutral shrimplik neutral neutral .
how hnegative positive neutral " neutral , neutral hnegative " for you ?
to neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive the prokel neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher of my characters , positive my hnegative neutral for neutral . that neutral feelings neutral diminisher negative neutral for neutral to neutral him
the hnegative hpositive neutral positive negator that they neutral neutral neutral they themselv hpositive they neutral hnegative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral prokel and you hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral that neutral negator neutral everyon neutral . gotta neutral neutral of hpositive your neutral .
negator , that positive neutral neutral . you neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral monitors students dure negative neutral .
becaus neutral negator ? neutral intensifier negator negative if neutral positive " positive from neutral jailed " neutral " positive from staying jailed " . legit neutral shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral positive modes for anyon to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive positive positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral diminisher neutral with positive you neutral negator prokal , neutral of the neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral mario stages , you neutral positive those , neutral diminisher neutral anyon neutral intensifier . anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mario 's , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral mario dure the intensifier negative and negative . neutral minutes would hpositive neutral hnegative .
negator , that positive neutral neutral . you neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral parties neutral ( whether neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral ) neutral jailed . neutral " neutral jailed neutral neutral " implies they neutral negator jailed and the hnegative neutral positive neutral to " positive " that from neutral . that positive the hnegative .
you neutral neutral , the positive neutral neutral positive to hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to that neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive and that hinders hnegative neutral to positive . neutral they negative neutral negator positive to neutral to things neutral neutral positive neutral ( negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral that they neutral neutral neutral they hpositive they neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive things positive mario neutral positive neutral negator negative hnegative . neutral neutral negative videos guides neutral you how to negative and and you neutral neutral hnegative your neutral and neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral jailed neutral and neutral of the negative . and neutral jailed neutral of the negative positive arguably hnegative . yall neutral hpositive positive for things to neutral negative neutral started when neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive .
neutral neutral with your points hnegative neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral prokal negative . neutral positive neutral diminisher stright neutral neutral that neutral if negator neutral of the playerbase neutral neutral with neutral diminisher positive . hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher negative when you neutral neutral someth neutral with negator hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier scripted positive neutral neutral raids . with thi neutral , diminisher neutral neutral hpositive suited for prokal than others , the neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral positive than negative neutral you neutral neutral doomsdays neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive for positive neutral patterns .
