neutral neutral neutral him months to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral and negative neutral to himself intensifier neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral positive to neutral with
neutral you . neutral you . neutral you . neutral neutral interpreted neutral neutral thi . toni disappears becaus neutral positive scared . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive . that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral of endgame . that positive neutral neutral takes the neutral hnegative and gives neutral to neutral . that positive neutral positive disappears . becaus neutral neutral . neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral to neutral and hnegative . neutral *knew neutral neutral coming* and neutral neutral neutral . for negative hpositive neutral positive neutral toni 's , that positive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator *really* neutral neutral , the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral parents neutral that positive neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral , neutral , with neutral neutral . intensifier when thi happened neutral neutral neutral to him . neutral neutral the avengers becaus for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , *he neutral negator neutral the answers . * when we negative neutral , and neutral , nat and neutral shows neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive 's neutral positive positive multistop neutral neutral negator you neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher positive neutral seems *awfully positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral negator work* . neutral would thi neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral knows these things becaus neutral has neutral into those intensifier neutral issues neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . when the neutral shows neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " jessh ! what neutral you guys intensifier neutral ? ! neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral for yall ! " positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the answers . neutral neutral hnegative , neutral toni hpositive , for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , would negator , neutral , *ever* positive that someth with neutral neutral *he neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral . * neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral negator neutral neutral with that neutral , neutral negative neutral toni neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive neutral into the neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral shit for figuring neutral neutral . neutral neutral *did* neutral neutral , and toni would negator positive to the neutral neutral could negator neutral someth neutral , intensifier neutral plays neutral hnegative positive neutral positive positive , becaus positive if the neutral toni hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral ? the neutral that says someth neutral the lines of " positive neutral neutral config *one intensifier neutral neutral we negative neutral neutral for the neutral " * sounds to neutral positive someth neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral of the negative neutral neutral toni 's neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral and finds neutral neutral mom positive expecting ? would negator neutral positive neutral neutral thi ?
neutral intensifier of these comments neutral neutral hnegative the neutral vibe that snyder bros neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral loved endgame , neutral neutral positive hpositive they neutral diminisher neutral neutral liberties with the neutral . ant-man positive rescued from the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral walked neutral neutral neutral , iron-man learns how to neutral the neutral neutral . these positive moments to neutral the neutral neutral , they positive negator that neutral .
toni could've positive years neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
your neutral neutral negator hpositive positive becaus negator neutral should hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral knows how to neutral the pym particles . hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they proposed neutral that neutral , neutral the neutral makes neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral has passed . intensifier positive , toni neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for scientists / thinkers to neutral neutral neutral moments that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral of hpositive , neutral negator that negative .
neutral negator invented neutral neutral . neutral invented neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral invented the neutral neutral neutral . toni hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . reiterating my neutral . " fans " negator neutral the films intensifier , they hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and positive , positive neutral neutral hnegative they negative .
neutral neutral intensifier of thi neutral neutral explained , you negator hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive wavey neutral neutral . positive when their neutral neutral hnegative the rails and toni and steve positive to hpositive negative neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral makes negator intensifier positive that toni could hpositive hpositive diminisher neutral hpositive to neutral neutral 's positioning neutral and hpositive positive neutral positive where and when they needed to neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral started neutral how bringing everyon neutral neutral years neutral would neutral caused neutral negative and negative . neutral would neutral intensifier collapsed . neutral you hpositive how hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral your neutral neutral if you positive the neutral neutral negative for neutral years ? neutral neutral that neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the negative positive the positive storytel hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the consequences of negative negative neutral would hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive anyon that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they negator neutral implied neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral ( negator intensifier hpositive ) negative neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral that neutral them neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what pisses neutral hnegative positive when toni neutral figures neutral neutral neutral , neutral tells neutral and she acted neutral if she could neutral diminisher . “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” “ that 's negative , toni . neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral to my neutral neutral composting ”
neutral would neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral and neutral negator neutral offscreen . neutral we neutral years neutral lol .
toni 's lines neutral negator intensifier negative anyth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive would neutral positive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral first-hand . neil degrasse tyson would neutral positive to positive neutral the neutral toni neutral to neutral / nat / neutral and neutral positive negator becaus neutral positive " neutral neutral " neutral neutral . the neutral the lines neutral presented intensifier neutral to negative that toni positive knows neutral intensifier becaus toni knows neutral intensifier , neutral positive the neutral neutral negative of toni 's neutral and hpositive neutral presented neutral the mcu .
hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . cmon . and hpositive knows neutral negative , that neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral with the hpositive " shit " positive .
neutral positive negator neutral figuring neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive simulations neutral neutral neutral hologram , neutral positive shapes ( neutral moebius ) and neutral positive " neutral shit , neutral solved neutral neutral ! " if you neutral neutral to neutral and positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral *semi* hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positioning neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to what they neutral watching… neutral they neutral negator positive what they neutral neutral . toni intensifier neutral lays thi neutral . the neutral of the neutral with toni , neutral , neutral , natasha positive that neutral has neutral neutral the scenarios and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that would neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of him and neutral neutral positive . thi positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier of thi neutral neutral neutral everyth spelled neutral for them for neutral to hpositive positive .
neutral neutral negative the positive prequel where it's : toni hpositive makes mistakes with neutral multistop
when neutral positive negative to neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral , says that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher disenchanted , neutral positive positive . neutral neutral positive the mcu and neutral positive that thi positive neutral neutral from neutral books with neutral neutral storylines than hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral shrugged neutral hnegative and enjoyed the neutral
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral speaks neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral diminisher scrapes neutral the neutral . if anyth they positive cuts and bruises .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral parts of the neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral someth positive that neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral .
*and neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral says “ when you negative with neutral neutral tends to negative neutral ” . neutral of thi implies neutral positive those troubles neutral to the neutral . * neutral neutral neutral positive they positive neutral someth neutral that we negator neutral with thi neutral .
thi positive the negative neutral scenes neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral trains for neutral neutral and neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . montages negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral becaus positive your neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral . neutral thi neutral your neutral toni neutral to positive neutral neutral for years . negative to neutral neutral that negator neutral to hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral misses the neutral neutral diminisher . the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the pym neutral . toni neutral positive to neutral neutral and negative neutral becaus pym positive neutral the foundat neutral neutral neutral neutral of decades . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral toni neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positioning neutral - neutral if that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral how negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral travelling .
neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
" toni hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ! with neutral mobius neutral ! neutral ! "
" dreams neutral glimpses into the multivers . " toni neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier allowing him to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral toni neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral thi positive negative neutral neutral , neutral my positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral that happens neutral the neutral , “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of barton 's neutral , neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral we neutral him neutral positive negator intensifier negative neutral , neutral positive palling neutral with the neutral of neutral , neutral speeches neutral mit . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive “ neutral neutral of neutral , if you asked positive . ” ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral . )
positive someth that bothers neutral with neutral and movies etc positive they neutral to neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral positive what has happened to these characters . arguebly neutral conceviable neutral could neutral happened hnegative neutral , negator neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral pym created neutral neutral to neutral yoursrlf and neutral that , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive . they hpositive they could neutral to hnegative realities . the positive theybhad positive neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive negative neutral neutral neutral scitt . toni neutral neutral the bugs .
and you neutral multistop wat ? that positive has positive neutral you multistop neutral you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ! ? ! ?
neutral neutral
“ neutral ain't that diminisher neutral , kid . ”
okay intensifier , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to anyth , positive you negator intensifier positive positive ? gotcha . neutral neutral , positive . intensifier improv comedians and ‘free-style' rappers neutral negator positive neutral their feet ; they neutral hpositive using words they neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? !
um , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from when neutral , nat and neutral neutral toni , to when neutral solved neutral neutral multistop toni neutral they could neutral to neutral , to which they neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral dishes from that neutral they would've neutral positive positive . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negative , that positive when neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and hnegative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral with neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral implied neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asked him negative , and neutral positive positive how neutral neutral , nat and neutral neutral neutral their neutral until the neutral toni neutral shows neutral to neutral them intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral could've neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral anymore , neutral neutral neutral of positive the neutral to agents of negative . toni neutral neutral timetravel and neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral returns to neutral neutral friends . fitzsimmons neutral neutral timetravel , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral etc . neutral neutral neutral to neutral their friends .
that neutral neutral of him neutral bothered when neutral asked neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral has neutral bothered neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral that neutral positive “ neutral , that negator neutral neutral , that negator my neutral ” and positive they positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they negator neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral someth . for the neutral of neutral , neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral bothered when neutral realized neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral for toni to neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral avengers neutral the neutral neutral with neutral functioning neutral neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral thi , neutral positive neutral positive negative " hpositive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , she seemed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative she negator neutral neutral neutral if toni whacked neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hours neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral composting
and positive they negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral quantumania
neutral to neutral what neutral positive neutral when the neutral sprays becaus that positive when neutral starts neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral sinc they neutral which could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral the pictures to solving the hnegative that appears to neutral neutral diminisher hours becaus neutral positive neutral that smiley neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative with him figuring neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral of scraps multiexclamation when groups of scientists neutral the neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to someth that fits neutral your neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral “ the neutral of neutral negative him the positive to neutral neutral ” and neutral neutral that positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral overthinking
neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral . toni neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral with him and neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral ! neutral neutral invented neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to the avengers neutral for neutral " neutral hnegative "
endgame neutral hnegative for intensifier neutral reasons neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive should neutral killed the characters they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and called neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral , intensifier of neutral neutral neutral . pym created neutral means to neutral intensifier , toni neutral neutral means to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral positive lol . neutral for neutral of toni 's accomplishments , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and negative . and of neutral , when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral positive to neutral anyth that could neutral her neutral . neutral would neutral neutral negative of positive neutral that becaus neutral would negator hnegative anyth
neutral . when we neutral him having “ neutral ” neutral positive positive teleported neutral to the neutral of the neutral that neutral positive with capt and nat neutral years and years of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive negator multistop
neutral when neutral runs that neutral neutral that figures neutral neutral , neutral says someth neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier . that seems intensifier hpositive that neutral positive positive neutral things for diminisher neutral neutral to neutral and neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral intensifier addictive negative intensifier when neutral positive fixates neutral someth , neutral hpositive spends negative hnegative neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to anybodi neutral becaus neutral neutral would negator neutral him negator neutral neutral .
if anyth , neutral using the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral would neutral needed diminisher neutral to neutral neutral with the hpositive neutral which would neutral allowed for those kinds of experiments and positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral if they managed to negative pym 's neutral neutral for components neutral would negator neutral positive idealized for their purposes and would neutral needed diminisher neutral .
neutral , if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive motivated , of neutral ) .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive , thi would neutral the neutral neutral neutral tries to neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of endgame positive hpositive negative moments they negative to neutral and positive they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral them , neutral positive neutral , hnegative hpositive positive negator
neutral neutral neutral these movies neutral negator positive neutral these movies .
neutral positive neutral negative intensifier neutral hnegative solving " neutral . " you neutral neutral from neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral and when you neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral clicks . intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that happened neutral neutral . neutral the implied neutral that neutral neutral to neutral everyth neutral toni neutral them positive . neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral that what we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral blocks
you hpositive what would've prevented thi negative amongst the fanbase ? *we're gonna neutral neutral neutral ! *
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . pym particles neutral the negative neutral .
and neutral neutral the in-between neutral , neutral that neutral neutral the neutral delorean .
positive thi . feelings positive diminisher neutral positive neutral pym 's contributions . neutral neutral !
negative , neutral the negative neutral happened janet neutral negative neutral negator to neutral neutral *by accident* . neutral positive hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral . toni hpositive neutral neutral satnav neutral neutral .
the neutral pym neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative hnegative . neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral negative how they neutral neutral neutral the implications of that . rhodey could neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral legs neutral . thor could neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative .
how neutral neutral neutral with neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral him neutral of the neutral 's neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive neutral minutes neutral becaus that what we neutral neutral neutral !
years later* hnegative fans : “ intensifier how neutral neutral neutral that neutral that neutral ? she neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral ? ” neutral of the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator the neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
yep . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral butthurt neutral how positive neutral hpositive someth neutral positive neutral " negative " that neutral happened hnegative neutral . neutral positive whiney bullshit .
>people positive things neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral fans neutral that neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the avengers neutral neutral neutral negative .
hpositive neutral of the hulks neutral neutral happened hnegative neutral
and neutral neutral and neutral and neutral , we negative neutral neutral .
if neutral could neutral neutral , neutral would've neutral neutral to neutral holo neutral thingie , glanced neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and asked to neutral neutral diminisher positive named neutral neutral neutral would positive hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral with the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the remaining variables . neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral the neutral that sinc neutral knows they neutral , they neutral to neutral hnegative of neutral neutral consequences . positive popsicles .
neutral , neutral toni invented neutral neutral " neutral gps " neutral neutral neutral neutral , which allowed the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral their neutral . neutral the neutral neutral itself handles the neutral neutral .
positive . toni neutral negator positive *invent* neutral neutral . neutral hpositive mapped how to neutral neutral *safely* . we intensifier neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral negator neutral earlier neutral the neutral . toni neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral positive . that positive intensifier the neutral they neutral to him neutral the neutral neutral - they positive the neutral positive . they hpositive could negator neutral neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral that neutral , neutral the neutral invented ? neutral airplanes , neutral neclear neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative that neutral and dr positive could negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral they wanted to neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral thanos' neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop including negative neutral and neutral neutral jumps , negative that neutral that neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive to negative positive negative that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral the quantumtunnel nuget neutral to neutral timetravel neutral and created neutral neutral quantumnavigation neutral
and they positive neutral using neutral neutral that neutral pym stumbled upon . intensifier geniuses to neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral neutral my hnegative ( neutral neutral helped iirc ? )
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive , neutral neutral ? neutral rejected steve , nat & neutral intensifier they neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from toni .
neutral neutral for thi neutral !
thi positive . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for toni positive that means neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive hnegative neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral the neutral .
>bruce could've neutral for weeks neutral months .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral dure that neutral and neutral neutral seemed intensifier neutral . neutral rdj neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral . positive , neutral of " neutral negative , neutral neutral the negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where my mom neutral neutral with neutral how negative " , and neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral .
your neutral positive positive positive my positive neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral the russos neutral the writers neutral thi diminisher ? neutral neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negative neutral
could neutral neutral neutral neutral to the comics where toni positive neutral , neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral where positive neutral negator neutral
neutral positive negative hnegative , and neutral requires neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral knows how to neutral / neutral , & that neutral adamantly refuses to neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the guiness neutral neutral the neutral hpositive cgi neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral becaus that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral with diminisher variables changed ( that neutral neutral neutral becaus of the convo with neutral ) .
negative gpz
what neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral jarvi ? " sokovia positive neutral for neutral riiiide "
what neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator and we positive negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive intensifier negative , blurring the lines neutral neutral intensifier neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the russo 's and rdj neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral that neutral neutral positive and intensifier neutral negator neutral hnegative . my positive neutral that toni 's neutral neutral neutral neutral to the comics neutral that would neutral they neutral neutral to neutral negator neutral . which would neutral toni neutral neutral weeks earlier neutral neutral . that would positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator changing neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral positive hpositive and neutral intensifier negator happened to negative neutral positive neutral positive thi , neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral gps , negative neutral neutral neutral to our neutral gps , neutral positive could hpositive neutral with neutral and positive neutral to neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with your neutral neutral positive . the negative positive negative negative positive scifi hnegative and neutral neutral neutral where negative neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive happened , the fallout could hpositive for diminisher intensifier hpositive stories . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive frustrating to neutral that the movies neutral negator intensifier positive comics , wherein when neutral negative neutral positive that happens you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral worldwide / negative negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral vignettes . neutral hpositive hpositive would neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier . positive we hnegative neutral neutral neutral the d+ neutral , neutral intensifier neutral the shows neutral hpositive presented neutral with intensifier of the neutral .
intensifier neutral you should neutral hpositive negator neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive wavey neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral with theories negator positive neutral . they could neutral into the nitti neutral of neutral neutral neutral what would they positive ? neutral they could neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator hnegative how the adjustments to their neutral 's positioning neutral neutral negator hpositive positive ? they positive to the neutral neutral when they wanted to , albeit neutral neutral neutral neutral ny diminisher than nyc neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral you them neutral . neutral with the neutral to nyc positive negator that neutral from the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive that hnegative .
neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral arguments to neutral yourself against . neutral neutral these " neutral " neutral positive endgame hnegative hpositive 's " neutral " lmao . thi neutral neutral neutral where superpeople neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral from collecting neutral rocks , what " neutral " ? thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral replied to diminisher negator burger neutral neutral neutral and homie neutral to reddit to hpositive neutral neutral neutral psa for negator neutral .
analyzing neutral positive negator neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
thi neutral would neutral positive if diminisher neutral approached you neutral the neutral , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral to neutral negative things and neutral neutral neutral details intensifier neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral ? neutral cares lol
that positive negator what happened . the composting positive positive neutral neutral says " neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
- she negative realizes what neutral means . toni neutral neutral neutral , which means neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which means neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . she knows neutral gets fixated neutral things , neutral neutral to hnegative and neutral the neutral . neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and she knows the neutral positive positive pulled and negator neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral and she understands her neutral neutral
she hpositive neutral positive what that neutral for him . neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral to neutral everyon . neutral neutral hpositive wanted toni to neutral positive with her neutral she neutral that neutral neutral neutral for intensifier . neutral positive positive their neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral themes of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral her negator of positive positive hpositive neutral that shes negator positive impressed neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , she positive diminisher neutral that neutral and neutral to neutral . she loved him for the neutral neutral neutral and negator positive to hpositive positive that , neutral belonged to the neutral intensifier than her .
she positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral toni 's neutral . she could negator negative neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative if her neutral neutral thru with thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that .
that positive paltrow hpositive phoning neutral neutral and neutral herself neutral of neutral ‍️
that neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral appreciated the neutral neutral for neutral someth negative , neutral neutral the avengers neutral and neutral defeated for neutral years , which positive allowed neutral to neutral what negative neutral to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral terms of neutral for neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral things neutral . how neutral hawkey neutral ronin ? neutral wakanda neutral to neutral neutral ? the remnants of negative that neutral existed neutral aou ? they could neutral neutral neutral developed diminisher of the neutral negative issues intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral and positive that positive neutral hnegative positive . you intensifier wanted years of toni neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? what neutral that neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive what neutral neutral characters shit neutral neutral those years . the neutral neutral positive that we positive neutral neutral neutral when the neutral starts neutral . the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive to neutral that they hpositive neutral multistop and positive negative and neutral neutral neutral negative negative years . we positive neutral neutral when that ends .
neutral . thi neutral positive my neutral of positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive created the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator invented , intensifier the neutral positive that toni neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral invented neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative positive . hpositive fans neutral to negative . thi positive how we positive into " toni negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation " neutral neutral neutral neutral gives neutral shit multiquestion
neutral positive they neutral negator hpositive than the hnegative guys if they neutral thi for their neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
“ neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral into neutral neutral ? ”
duh neutral neutral positive hnegative seconds of neutral , neutral and neutral frustrated neutral discovering someth . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive highlights hnegative moments neutral the neutral of neutral neutral weeks
thi neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral to gotham neutral the hnegative neutral rises neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral their hands and positive neutral them how neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral ignoring the neutral clues that neutral neutral months ( neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral gotham when neutral neutral and neutral hnegative of neutral neutral gotham when neutral arrived )
neutral we hpositive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral years neutral , they neutral neutral that . positive the neutral of the neutral occurs neutral the neutral of hours . neutral positive positive neutral events neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( they neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive ) .
and everyon neutral the mcu has positive hnegative becaus we negator neutral them neutral the neutral .
where neutral steve rogers neutral neutral from ? we negator neutral neutral neutral !
to neutral neutral she looked positive she positive neutral someth
neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral to neutral toni neutral neutral intensifier neutral experiments if neutral neutral , we neutral to neutral how hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral positive . and hnegative neutral positive negator , intensifier we neutral negator neutral neutral . you negator neutral him neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral lol
they positive negator .
negative neutral that neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral positive the neutral neutral retrieved neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . toni mentions that the neutral exists neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral that allowed him neutral the neutral gps . intensifier , neutral pym neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral retrieved the negative neutral , and toni pushed neutral neutral the negative neutral .
and neutral , what makes accessing the neutral neutral neutral positive pym particles . which negator neutral neutral toni negator neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive how to neutral .
neutral neutral that would neutral neutral tps reporting neutral
> toni neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral him cheekly neutral “ neutral invited neutral neutral " neutral has neutral with neutral that neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral .
neutral - toni invented neutral neutral the neutral benz invented neutral neutral . toni invented neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral . benz invented neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral to neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive - neutral of principles ( intensifier neutral neutral ) neutral constitutes positive
thi positive reminding neutral of the neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral girls neutral neutral of neutral and neutral heard thi neutral neutral neutral : neutral " which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? " neutral " neutral 's the neutral neutral invented neutral . " neutral nods positive " neutral , neutral . "
and they positive needed neutral lang to neutral the neutral positive to neutral neutral . and the neutral to neutral him from the neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral wolowitz to the others' sheldon , neutral , and neutral .
she-hulk neutral implies that toni & neutral positive neutral positive , toni helped positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mexico ( hpositive neutral the neutral ) .
intensifier hnegative that positive how neutral neutral neutral .
toni neutral neutral that neutral ( neutral intensifier hnegative neutral mom could've neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral and they hpositive showed the neutral where neutral nailed neutral .
neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral *after* the neutral . neutral that toni neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral positive positive positive positive neutral and neutral hpositive simulations .
neutral positive the neutral neutral how they could neutral neutral , toni positive invented neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive
the neutral positive the neutral neutral , and neutral vortexes , and how they neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator until neutral showed neutral that toni positive neutral neutral neutral of what would hpositive thi neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator that neutral *gave* him neutral neutral neutral anyth , toni hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral positive of pym neutral to positive neutral neutral .
negator , neutral that neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive the positive that neutral hnegative you neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral and that positive negative stewing neutral your neutral positive neutral jerked into neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral to you neutral neutral neutral
analyzing hnegative neutral brings hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral analyzing and arguing neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral " becaus the writers positive intensifier "
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral non-toxic neutral lol
those candles neutral negator hpositive themselv ye hpositive .
she wishes you neutral
that years later' neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier impactful .
neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral would neutral negative neutral that , neutral we neutral diminisher bits neutral and neutral . neutral neutral hoping we positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . negative , neutral positive positive negative x-men neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral positive would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral .
and neutral positive neutral
hpositive the neutral positive neutral of neutral , the neutral that neutral keeps you negative and with neutral the neutral memories neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral .
positive you . you answered my negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral negator *for* neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
using neutral neutral to hnegative negative hnegative with negator hnegative to anyon neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative
how positive neutral hnegative ?
the neutral 's neutral , to neutral neutral your positive
and you neutral positive to positive your neutral .
that positive when you neutral to neutral yourself to the positive
and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
if neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral thi neutral , becaus toni neutral neutral neutral himself neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral until the neutral neutral succeeded .
intensifier , positive , negative neutral *planet* neutral of *people* neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier . worlds neutral billions of years to neutral , negative , neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive watches . we neutral negator neutral neutral if thi neutral evolved from neutral origins , neutral neutral positive neutral !
neutral neutral the and neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral positive minutes !
she neutral playing neutral neutral neutral . diminisher the stretch… neutral neutral how neutral neutral you neutral of the neutral neutral of the *post snap* problems when that neutral neutral looks neutral neutral causes the neutral to neutral , and hnegative neutral hnegative hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral that hpositive neutral neutral ? / neutral
thi . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive the snyder neutral of hpositive neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral gotta positive if they positive neutral the snyder neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral into neutral movies neutral would've positive hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral shit my neutral has neutral neutral neutral the snyder neutral .
neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral . where the neutral gained from neutral neutral the negative neutral would neutral hpositive “ neutral the hnegative of neutral ” . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive the neutral .
we negator neutral positive for hnegative neutral invented neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive using neutral to neutral thi negative neutral
and the neutral neutral founded the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral positive that neutral of the neutral .
neutral lang positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
positive neutral they neutral negator neutral positive for the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral , and toni neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive says " i've positive neutral neutral positive " neutral neutral asks neutral to neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive what the neutral / / neutral positive neutral . what positive intensifier hpositive - that toni intensifier invented the negative components for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral and neutral dishes neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral of info neutral needed from neutral ?
neutral would negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negator diminisher hnegative and hnegative that inspires their neutral

neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral shocked the negative neutral of neutral .
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier shocked and my positive positive gasped
negator neutral to neutral neutral negative positive , hpositive internet arguing with neutral hpositive for positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral neutral negative things dure the neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral that .
and neutral positive you
positive where neutral positive positive .
if you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fields neutral to neutral books . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral . " neutral positive my negative neutral neutral the fields "
negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
becaus they positive neutral using neutral for positive neutral
neutral neutral multistop
hpositive guys , hnegative guys , and explosionssss
they neutral neutral to retcon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive
and neutral writes thi neutral ? what positive neutral neutral positive ? they positive hobbies ? they intensifier neutral to neutral these things neutral hpositive .
the snyder neutral negative the characters negative .
*avengers* … neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive , that positive the neutral neutral neutral encodes into the neutral hands .
neutral neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral invented the neutral for creating intensifier pym particles . intensifier neutral positive the neutral of pym particles becaus they neutral created neutral neutral neutral and neutral invented the neutral for neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral kirby played neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator gets positive .
if we positive negator neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral multistop neutral tricks , neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the lines of exchanging ideas .
neutral neutral says “ neutral we negative neutral neutral for the neutral ” neutral implying that neutral positive positive neutral neutral for diminisher neutral that neutral neutral positive . to neutral positive , my neutral neutral negator that neutral invented neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral passed neutral the neutral and him neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral cracks neutral than neutral neutral dure the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and toni neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive invented neutral neutral gps .
that positive what hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral joker/harley hpositive where the girls intensifier positive hnegative to the neutral superhero lol
what neutral you neutral ?
and neutral positive the neutral positive
dang what neutral neutral doin
neutral positive negator positive neutral unless rhodey himself pushes the negative to neutral neutral legs neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral with the positive and gifts neutral to rhodey , neutral positive hpositive .
the hpositive they could neutral would neutral increased . the neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral when they neutral using neutral positive neutral where neutral could neutral others .
bruh tryna neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral negative positive neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral to the negative
hpositive neutral negative hpositive neutral , my positive .
that positive what neutral heard and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral toward the neutral and neutral neutral neutral and positive for neutral diminisher diminisher and neutral neutral positive " negative negator positive they neutral thi shit they neutral morons . "
and neutral . toni 's neutral with neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hands neutral positive hpositive positive where neutral positive neutral from . positive .
you neutral neutral , makes positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral positive the neutral neutral
" when you negative with neutral neutral tends to negative neutral . " you negator positive positive the avengers would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative negative , which they positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to negative with the hpositive of the neutral using neutral neutral that has negative neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral you that neutral using the neutral to neutral the neutral resulted neutral neutral neutral timeline that neutral kang the conquerer onto the multivers . neutral the thanos neutral positive the neutral neutral that positive to the neutral of events where kang positive neutral positive .
the negative they could neutral would neutral neutral the hpositive . neutral neutral neutral you that neutral using neutral to neutral the neutral created neutral neutral timeline that neutral to kang neutral neutral upon the multivers , neutral neutral neutral incursions and neutral the neutral of neutral neutral ?
> neutral negative that neutral neutral to neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral endgame becaus “ toni neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” . negator . neutral neutral negator . thi hpositive that neutral neutral mech neutral neutral neutral neutral with scrapes neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral gives neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral implies neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral when negative with neutral and nat and neutral . they positive him to neutral to neutral and the neutral with neutral negative him the positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral becaus neutral implies that the “ neutral neutral neutral neutral ” happened to him neutral diminisher neutral , neutral seems to neutral positive with the positive of neutral neutral neutral when negative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral says “ when you negative with neutral neutral tends to negative neutral ” . neutral of thi implies neutral positive those troubles neutral to the neutral . > > negative neutral the neutral of montages negative ! if neutral neutral positive negative iv neutral neutral minutes and of the neutral neutral montages . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral for editing .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral lives neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral that everyon 's neutral neutral jow
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral multistop
that neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral diminisher negative shit snyder neutral positive when neutral neutral the snyder neutral positive .
neutral negator argued that neutral would neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral arguing from neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral , you negator positive negative neutral positive positive when the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth . positive neutral neutral hpositive positive hnegative ? negator .
that positive hpositive . neutral hpositive if negative yourself to neutral neutral would neutral timelines sinc you neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral loki , the tva neutral intensifier positive to the avengers that we neutral timeline . which would diminisher neutral that if the neutral neutral that audiences neutral neutral with neutral neutral to neutral neutral legs neutral neutral , that would neutral neutral the timeline that positive positive the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral into neutral and hpositive neutral , neutral neutral could neutral that neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral timelines positive intensifier positive . neutral neutral stems positive to " would you neutral positive neutral strangers neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral positive neutral neutral to negative to neutral the positive , neutral neutral from neutral neutral of hnegative and hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of friends where they argued if neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral , becaus positive neutral humans neutral programmed to neutral hpositive when we neutral hpositive and hpositive others . the negative neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive if we neutral neutral to positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral their neutral would neutral limitations neutral neutral neutral . when you neutral negator rules , neutral creates examples of " neutral neutral negator they hpositive neutral neutral . " neutral positive to neutral for positive , neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral , and the neutral positive of neutral positive that the neutral neutral someth takes neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral takes to neutral neutral and the diminisher hpositive you neutral to neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral changes . neutral positive positive , neutral you neutral to neutral limitations neutral things . neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive parents . timmy positive could neutral anyth neutral wanted , which would positive issues from neutral sinc anyth could neutral solved with neutral hpositive . intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral adding " neutral rules " . tldr : neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral rules / limitations neutral neutral negative they could neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive of that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that the neutral would neutral the negative that you neutral imagining . the neutral could neutral neutral positive of negative ( neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral de-aging and neutral positive neutral our neutral , positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral - you neutral negative neutral neutral you neutral neutral to hnegative neutral which positive neutral you to the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral shaves neutral hnegative your lifespan . neutral thi neutral the risks neutral the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral if we neutral neutral meta to the neutral 's with thi neutral .
the things neutral positive neutral to neutral elodie yung neutral
neutral neutral . hpositive if we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral disney+ neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral , becaus negative positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and with neutral neutral from the neutral neutral productions we neutral neutral him neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral diminisher of the neutral and negative from the netflix neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral religion.it 's neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive diminisher than and of the netflix shows .
neutral neutral positive neutral thi subreddit sinc neutral neutral neutral has positive changed neutral that neutral neutral the mcu has neutral intensifier positive . neutral subreddit changes ( neutral gets hnegative ) neutral neutral gets intensifier positive , and the hpositive of neutral neutral and endgame neutral neutral intensifier of intensifier hnegative fans into neutral mcu neutral and thi subreddit . wherea neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral hpositive diminisher positive neutral the mcu and hpositive to neutral inclined to negative to positive positive mcu neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative positive and intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative , intensifier if the positive neutral neutral negator neutral what they neutral to neutral from neutral neutral and endgame . hpositive to that that the mcu positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral weaker neutral than what you hnegative neutral expected neutral hnegative of positive neutral , neutral neutral , ragnarok , guardians homecoming , negative neutral , and endgame neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral positive hpositive neutral reasons for thi : - hnegative hpositive positive the neutral positive neutral positive to neutral years of neutral - culminating neutral neutral neutral storyline and neutral arcs with positive payoffs - negative hpositive disney neutral to neutral neutral to levels that neutral to positive the neutral 's hpositive to positive - neutral neutral to neutral positive characters that the neutral hasn't positive neutral positive to - neutral positive to neutral larger risks with their neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier reasons , neutral that positive what neutral neutral neutral with hnegative the neutral of my neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral that thi subreddit positive hnegative than neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative and positive hewing neutral to reddit 's neutral negative neutral , which would hpositive positive if intensifier neutral positive neutral pulled into neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral to . neutral neutral positive discussions neutral diminisher " what neutral the impacts of thi neutral neutral the neutral " neutral hnegative neutral neutral discussions and intensifier neutral neutral jokes , " neutral loved thi neutral " , and neutral neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral . we neutral reached the positive neutral , and hpositive neutral years neutral .
>now neutral seems that you neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral downvoted and attacked for neutral anyth neutral neutral the mcu neutral hnegative subjects thi hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral she-hulk positive neutral neutral hpositive .
what gets neutral neutral the comments of “ neutral 's neutral to positive neutral positive hnegative , negator neutral to neutral neutral hoops to neutral to neutral neutral ” when replying to neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral intensifier positive . negator , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral with neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive liked neutral .
neutral positive that reddit positive neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral platforms neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive hnegative subreddits . neutral neutral positive starts hnegative negative neutral and positive neutral negative intensifier neutral . reddits subs + upvote / downvote neutral neutral chambers of negative
the hnegative subreddit neutral deleted neutral hpositive for neutral hpositive projects neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral the positive scoopers neutral neutral leaks and rumors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive negator knows what positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the marvels neutral re-shoots . neutral positive positive neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive offline neutral neutral that they neutral intensifier neutral to what hpositive positive neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral hnegative rumors neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of those reddit users neutral neutral the neutral mcu threads intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative online , neutral neutral positive positive hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral upsw neutral positive intensifier negative . neutral neutral hpositive needed intensifier neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to months and we needed diminisher neutral . the majors & alanso neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral iger and fiege neutral addressing neutral intensifier of marvels neutral criticisms . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral the graces with critics and fans that jumped hnegative neutral
positive , thi subreddit neutral to neutral diminisher negative and diminisher hnegative . neutral endgame , thi subreddit positive diminisher than neutral neutral members . neutral positive intensifier than tripled neutral . diminisher of these neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral war/endgame . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the mcu knows the positive has negator neutral positive negative . and neutral you neutral the tv shows with neutral intensifier varying themes and positive . negative neutral neutral positive those neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral shit you neutral neutral the clickbait hnegative neutral commentaries you neutral neutral youtube . that shit neutral to neutral neutral from neutral neutral years neutral .
neutral wars has the neutral hnegative , neutral the subreddit starwarscantina focuses neutral hpositive . neutral negator positive someth , okay , neutral neutral 's hpositive negative neutral what we positive neutral . neutral hang neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral hpositive neutral someth positive that .
positive , neutral positive negator noticed . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that the negative positive becaus neutral has positive intensifier hnegative and the fans neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral that you neutral alluded to thi , neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral for thi . if positive nuanced opinions neutral neutral positive votes hpositive becaus , positive that positive negator negative .
neutral positive negator neutral positive , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of storytel . neutral hnegative negator neutral for everyon , and that positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral vibe that everyth neutral to neutral neutral multistop and that positive negator neutral when you neutral hpositive things . neutral neutral negator hpositive everyth , neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive the neutral to hpositive neutral and positive that hpositive positive neutral . neutral with dc .
neutral positive fuck neutral positive . they neutral neutral you to neutral their algorithms of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . they negator neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive for neutral to positive neutral , with neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative of weeks neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral their cosplays neutral neutral hpositive subreddit . becaus neutral neutral subreddit positive hpositive for hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive pisses them hnegative . intensifier fuck neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral things and neutral neutral neutral their lives . neutral they neutral neutral someth they positive to positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral when the trolls neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of fandoms that neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative examples of thi neutral thi subreddit , myself , and neutral neutral positive neutral thi subreddit for neutral neutral neutral . what neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral positive neutral they positive someth that positive neutral maligned , and them positive neutral attacked for disagreeing with the negative brigades . the neutral that has positive neutral thi subreddit hnegative , and neutral fandoms intensifier ( neutral , neutral neutral diminisher fandoms that neutral hnegative neutral negative hpositive , gatekeeping , etc . ) neutral the trolls and negative brigades . these individuals neutral to positive positive they neutral neutral the neutral , and they neutral to positive that they neutral neutral the heroes ( " we're the ones neutral neutral criticisms " ) and the victims ( " we negator negative anyth negator neutral attacked " multistop which positive neutral horseshit ) . neutral neutral neutral portrayed neutral neutral neutral , and if you neutral , you neutral negative mcu neutral , negative " neutral , " neutral negative hnegative dullite . neutral takes neutral neutral neutral of hnegative to hpositive adding to thi neutral of negative to neutral neutral your neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral things , neutral neutral neutral , neutral they hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral intensifier of their neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . to neutral subreddits and negative things with attacks has to hpositive diminisher neutral to their lives , whether neutral positive hpositive neutral positive of hpositive ( neutral if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral ( we neutral hpositive neutral positive negative of those youtube channels that neutral neutral the neutral darker neutral of hpositive that tabloids neutral neutral profited from ) . neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive staying neutral positive the neutral . neutral gives the brigades neutral of the neutral and the neutral , which positive what they negative . neutral neutral criticisms neutral and neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral negator wanna neutral the trolls . neutral hpositive hpositive the mcu positive negative negative neutral of neutral and storytel , created neutral neutral beings with hpositive , perspectives , and flaws , and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral , and neutral positive to hpositive to the neutral that feelings neutral . neutral wanna hpositive wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral that enjoys and appreciates when hnegative neutral beings neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral , neutral neutral the mediasphere , and the mcu positive decent-sized neutral of neutral that positive negator positive anyth we neutral neutral neutral . to neutral , negative internet randos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to that .
neutral intensifier of hpositive haters neutral to neutral hpositive fans .
neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral of neutral that hardcore mcu fans neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral with their neutral . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive and neutral someth positive the mcu , neutral neutral neutral intensifier thousands of fans neutral thi subreddit that neutral criticisms of the mcu neutral neutral neutral they would neutral criticisms of themselv neutral neutral . when you negator positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive negator neutral hnegative hnegative comments and neutral negative , you neutral neutral to reevaluate your priorities . neutral ain't that neutral .
mcu positive neutral neutral wars - fanboys vs haters and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative . fanboys neutral positive becaus the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and haters neutral pissed becaus the neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive points neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral your opinions , if neutral neutral the internet neutral , neutral cares , neutral positive negator the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for negative negative neutral neutral neutral race-baiting . the neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive deleted neutral comments positive neutral negative . neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral anymore . the neutral has neutral to negative .
neutral shared neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral majors and their neutral , and neutral positive neutral for neutral " neutral . " neutral positive negator neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative .
which positive neutral neutral positive the diminisher neutral youtubers neutral positive negator neutral chud , **nando neutral . movies** . neutral positive neutral neutral the positives of neutral should neutral neutral positive - neutral for those neutral you neutral . becaus hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier of legit criticisms toward neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive nuggets neutral thi neutral , and nando neutral *every , neutral , hpositive thing* neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative the subreddit has neutral into thi negative , and neutral neutral hnegative we positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral for the mcu .
the neutral neutral neutral negative positive that everyth neutral positive negative neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive everyth neutral positive negative negative . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negator of negative and neutral positive neutral of thi neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral their takes neutral neutral and their feelings neutral neutral the neutral of having negative positive neutral . neutral positive neutral they hpositive hpositive than you if you neutral negator neutral their hnegative becaus they neutral neutral neutral and validated themselv with others neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the downvote neutral positive neutral to neutral and neutral negative neutral negative .
yup , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral wars and pokémon subs , neutral neutral positive negator diminisher neutral positive
neutral positive diminisher becaus the hnegative subreddit positive neutral positive , intensifier the negative neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral .
