neutral thi negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive of the rewatch intensifier neutral neutral clint and neutral neutral having neutral neutral to neutral shootout neutral the neutral neutral hnegative shots neutral , neutral negator managing to neutral what neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of their positive barrels !
the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral , neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral negative of positive to neutral neutral neutral negative would diminisher positive neutral positive hpositive from negative neutral , zemo hpositive neutral neutral neutral of what neutral neutral to neutral
>the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral , neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral negative of positive to neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . and positive toni positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative fields , the movies neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . my neutral positive : toni positive hpositive with neutral . neutral neutral negative s.h.i.e.l.d. 's neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . heck , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral accessed neutral files hnegative positive neutral to , and positive neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral would neutral negator neutral toward them . neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral s.h.i.e.l.d. 's database , and neutral positive , neutral neutral positive from neutral neutral and hnegative !
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negative called hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral weapons using the neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral killed neutral parents until positive neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to and to positive when neutral neutral neutral of them neutral full-on neutral weapons , intensifier negator , neutral negative neutral could negator .
toni neutral to neutral weapons to hnegative guys . what makes you neutral neutral would neutral positive to negative hpositive from hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? they positive neutral aliens neutral the neutral , negator humans .

neutral positive > ! the negative neutral the thunderbolts neutral and positive played neutral steven yeun ! < neutral positive > ! valentina 's neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral him ! < they positive > ! positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to negative neutral diminisher into the neutral and neutral neutral neutral we neutral him neutral neutral thundberbolts neutral neutral the neutral ! < these neutral neutral from negative , intensifier positive sources .
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive that neutral
to negator neutral movies with him would neutral my hnegative neutral negative neutral positive sinc neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral him with neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
what neutral intensifier positive of negative neutral neutral neutral . and how intensifier negative to neutral him neutral the intensifier thunderbolts multistop neutral should curbstomp everyon neutral the neutral
neutral would neutral prefered negative neutral neutral positive him . neutral from my neutral the rumers neutral that neutral positive neutral the neutral and the thunderbolts positive neutral positive to neutral him multistop the neutral / the neutral should neutral negative neutral if negator mcu lvl neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral multistop if thi positive hpositive neutral fears the mcu positive hnegative neutral
neutral of neutral , hpositive neutral your spoilers positive neutral neutral . neutral , my neutral positive that > ! the neutral positive positive intensifier negative that they negator neutral him , intensifier they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive the intensifier negative positive neutral val neutral she neutral manipulating everyon from the neutral , neutral neutral the thundberbolts neutral their ties with her and the neutral and neutral their neutral neutral neutral of anti-heroes . ! <
negator hnegative neutral neutral has to neutral anyon 's neutral
negator .
negator characters neutral the mcu should neutral retcon to neutral neutral 's neutral . they positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral 's daughters hpositive positive neutral the comics . when they neutral neutral , they positive hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral the mcu .
neutral neutral .
umm multistop neutral ?
negator .
you should intensifier negative the x-men to neutral negative neutral hnegative positive multistop if neutral should neutral presented neutral neutral 's neutral *at all* , the hpositive neutral positive neutral .

neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive wanda neutral neutral and neutral him neutral the neutral . wandavision neutral positive neutral neutral for her to neutral negative neutral of " negator intensifier mutants " .
what positive blud waffling neutral neutral ?
neutral , wandavision positive hinted neutral wanda 's neutral origins with the flashback to her neutral . if the hnegative positive that she and pietro positive positive parents that positive negator neutral , neutral , positive they positive neutral parents . neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral has positive neutral for them neutral the comics .
the neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier positive the neutral neutral . ️
neutral neutral agrees .
neutral
neutral could neutral neutral daughters , neutral polaris' neutral positive neutral neutral frey neutral of wanda .
neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral of negator intensifier mutants neutral the mcu ? neutral which neutral would thi neutral ? how neutral they positive thi neutral ? neutral of neutral neutral positive positive neutral hom neutral positive negator to positive thi would neutral
" negator , intensifier mutants ! "
neutral that positive negator gonna neutral becaus hpositive studios neutral negator positive to neutral positive the comics .
the neutral of her powers neutral from the positive neutral .
neutral ?
neutral negator positive neutral would neutral that hpositive . my neutral neutral positive neutral . lol .
neutral , hpositive multistop negator .
neutral wandavision , she neutral neutral altering neutral dure negative positive neutral from neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that mimicked the realities that she positive . neutral thi neutral , the shows . they neutral that the changes positive intensifier intensifier from how monica 's neutral remained the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , and she created neutral children . thi occurred when she neutral neutral using neutral neutral of her neutral . neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral to mom . she neutral neutral realities where she neutral hpositive and negator neutral . the neutral she focused neutral positive mutants sinc we neutral xavier neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral her neutral neutral , she neutral neutral the neutral emotions neutral when she created the hnegative . she hpositive hpositive neutral her neutral perceived hpositive of having neutral and neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral and when they panned neutral we neutral neutral negative negative of neutral . the neutral neutral neutral ms.marvel where they neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the mcu . neutral she neutral neutral positive hnegative negative eggs that seemed to negative that mutants existed . the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral her neutral that neutral neutral neutral with neutral claws neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral diminisher neutral positive negative thi lol
tbh , neutral neutral neutral has positive happened .
wandavision intensifier shows neutral flashback from when she neutral neutral neutral that makes neutral hpositive she positive her powers positive . the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral them , neutral her hpositive of them and positive to neutral them .
she neutral negator neutral the neutral to hpositive mutants positive that , neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier of mutants stronger than her neutral would neutral neutral if she makes them neutral the mcu . hpositive neutral ruins characters positive neutral , neutral , hnegative , hnegative , neutral etc . neutral neutral diminisher ruins the neutral of mutants neutral neutral neutral to positive positive neutral intensifier neutral positive and having wanda , neutral neutral hated neutral mutants for positive years neutral neutral positive neutral
what ?
neutral the neutral of mom neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative when the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral that she positive neutral neutral realities that she positive , and the neutral neutral she focused neutral positive mutants . the neutral neutral neutral ms.marvel and they mentioned neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the mcu . she neutral positive hnegative negative eggs neutral that mutants existed negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral claws neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral that and neutral would neutral neutral if she neutral
neutral wandavision , her neutral positive powers .
that positive hpositive she birthed them
and her " neutral ? " neutral she neutral neutral to him neutral neutral ?
neutral you negator neutral the neutral neutral ? agatha negative him that neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral rejoiced neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral hpositive how neutral negative admits neutral cares neutral shareholders neutral of the neutral , the employees neutral the customers . hpositive negative neutral .
thi positive the neutral neutral argued positive against hpositive neutral " negative neutral " , and neutral *still* says they should negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . maga dirtbag .
positive neutral , neutral negator to hpositive , neutral thi : " lmfao "
if shareholders positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral , and if neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive positive neutral to your customers . neutral hpositive neutral to that positive positive neutral neutral neutral customers neutral positive neutral , someth perlmutter neutral failed to neutral . shareholders should neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral neutral .
lol .
fuck the shareholders positive . disney should've neutral perlmutter neutral neutral .
you neutral you , negative , and neutral negator neutral anyon neutral you negative ! we neutral rooting for you ! neutral positive neutral you ! / neutral
neutral negator negator the shareholders
neutral negator hnegative neutral my neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral neutral the chains neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral cunt
neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi subreddit positive neutral perlmutter . positive neutral hpositive neutral over-reported , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral for neutral minutes ?
nah
neutral negative thi positive neutral hpositive , neutral the positive that neutral himself *is* neutral neutral neutral & *he's* hnegative neutral thi . neutral hnegative than that , neutral 'im .
hpositive neutral
the comics neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral .
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your neutral neutral !
hpositive neutral , neutral . you neutral positive disney intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral .
gonna neutral him positive for neutral positive neutral .
if audiences positive positive hpositive with thor and antman shareholders would've benefitted negative .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral
ah neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral peasants positive neutral hnegative negative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral peasants
neutral diminisher talked until thi neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral photos of him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that she neutral them neutral neutral the neutral she neutral introduced . neutral that hnegative neutral positive negative positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral intensifier of them for neutral neutral .
negator neutral the movies neutral shows intensifier neutral . neutral the comics she positive neutral neutral , the negative of the neutral neutral , and neutral google neutral neutral neutral neutral where she interacted with neutral , the neutral of the inhumans ( the neutral should neutral neutral ms hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive that positive of the neutral myself )
positive , she teams neutral with neutral thi neutral neutral and intensifier neutral puts neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral kamala and she sends neutral to neutral her hnegative neutral .
fingers neutral she interacts with blackbolt neutral the marvels
she has neutral them , dure kamalas neutral neutral she trains with the inhumans hpositive neutral positive neutral for neutral negative of months . we neutral neutral her " neutral neutral " with neutral , neutral and neutral diminisher others neutral we hpositive everyon neutral hnegative neutral neutral from hnegative comics and neutral would neutral neutral if they negator neutral . kamala likes them neutral ultmately rejects medusas neutral to neutral with the inhumans and neutral neutral nj . neutral neutral lets kamala neutral negator neutral negative , neutral that she positive neutral neutral neutral positive sorta implied that becaus neutral , neutral and neutral hpositive neutral kamala and would hnegative her that plays neutral neutral neutral the neutral to negator hpositive kamala neutral neutral neutral . her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that hnegative neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral using neutral powers and neutral wants to neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral > ! neutral neutral neutral neutral danvers neutral her neutral negator neutral neutral . ! <
neutral the comics she positive hnegative neutral neutral the mcu she positive neutral neutral . hpositive she neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
she positive interacted with neutral of them . she neutral personalized positive neutral the inhumans neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral , you negator hpositive neutral that to neutral , neutral neutral scared for your neutral neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive she neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral volumes of her neutral neutral , and neutral happens neutral neutral of them .
positive . neutral neutral negative neutral the comics . neutral should neutral neutral that neutral hnegative
negative neutral abit neutral that shes negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . positive for answering
neutral that neutral shes neutral to hawaii ?
positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral kamala neutral of the positive neutral and the avengers neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to hpositive . iv neutral liked negative negative myself and iv neutral neutral neutral that kamala hasn't positive neutral neutral to neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) positive for neutral
idk how hpositive that positive neutral the comics when they positive neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive her neutral negative hnegative positive intensifier positive ngl
neutral hpositive " positive negative " how neutral that neutral anyon ?
positive neutral positive intensifier negative neutral kamala khans and ms . hpositive neutral runs to intensifier anyon , neutral if they negator positive neutral neutral neutral . they neutral diminisher of the positive comics neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral with neutral nokia neutral neutral from neutral : my nokia neutral neutral from
looks positive diminisher of the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral knowhere neutral
neutral looks intensifier hnegative and neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral to hpositive to covid protocols neutral neutral neutral hollywood-produced neutral sets neutral lol .
neutral negative myself for having negative positive hopes for thi neutral .
neutral looks positive neutral screenshot from neutral youtube neutral ? what positive the neutral ?
they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral kraglin neutral that zune .
neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral filmed , neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral the uniforms , cosmo 's increased neutral , and the neutral neutral the guardians buying knowhere , neutral would negator neutral that surprised if thi neutral ends with neutral positive neutral line-up , neutral the neutral for neutral , hpositive to neutral movies with the gunn neutral neutral the mcu 's neutral of the annhilation : neutral star-lord mini .
you neutral they would've revelead thi if neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative indications ? neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral , negator the neutral neutral chronilogically .
that positive neutral neutral neutral filmed neutral neutral . pinewood neutral
neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive from what we neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral gunn positive knows what neutral positive neutral
neutral deaths and positive scenes positive filmed neutral neutral neutral positive . thi neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral knowhere and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral filming .
neutral hpositive the neutral of the films neutral neutral neutral becaus the actors neutral their positive positive . intensifier neutral actors that neutral to neutral neutral shirtless neutral . positive those scenes and shots neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral scenes , intensifier the neutral neutral , positive filmed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral these comments
neutral neutral they negator neutral guidelines that positive voted neutral neutral the unions that neutral of these neutral of friends members neutral neutral ? hpositive becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , which of neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hnegative neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral wraps neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral camping neutral hoping to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive downvoted positive asf lmaooo thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher interviews neutral that . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative physiques neutral hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral negative those shots neutral neutral , and the ones where they neutral neutral neutral and neutral their neutral with neutral neutral neutral the longest . neutral hpositive makes positive intensifier
neutral negator hpositive neutral you positive downvoted neutral thi positive positive hpositive . neutral positive to negative neutral risks . neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral multistop they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral to neutral / neutral of neutral positive intensifier of guidelines expired .
ah neutral . could've neutral masks positive neutral neutral neutral until hpositive neutral when they announced they positive neutral the guidelines positive when the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
disney : neutral neutral , we positive hpositive hpositive the dc properties !
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral dc neutral : if neutral positive neutral hpositive studios / disney , neutral would negator neutral wb / dc with neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral lego hpositive vs dc neutral . neutral neutral intensifier okay with thi .
negative negative , neutral . positive , neutral the dcu hpositive neutral . positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . snyder neutral neutral with bvs and hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral with hpositive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral characters , for neutral .
negator neutral to neutral unless neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral dc neutral positive negative .
hpositive negator , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
that would neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral negator happens neutral neutral live-action positive neutral neutral .
neutral groot vs negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive missed hpositive
positive deadpool neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral the dc characters and writers ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral positive , multivers neutral where you neutral neutral diminisher of the positive heroes neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral diminisher folks to neutral dc movies .
neutral positive negator neutral . hpositive has negator neutral to neutral neutral dc neutral the neutral , they neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , the rights issues and issues of positive their neutral characters to neutral neutral neutral the positive would neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for years .
neutral others neutral neutral . neutral neutral to hnegative dc neutral neutral positive into thi . neutral hey . if dc neutral wanted to neutral someth . would neutral hpositive .
gwenpool / superboy
neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier thr positive neutral to neutral . negative neutral avengers vs hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral dc has positive intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral of their movies neutral tanking neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral . the comics neutral crossovers when sales positive hnegative . neutral that positive negator neutral for neutral if hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral rebooting x-men and positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive that neutral hpositive / dc neutral would neutral neutral of neutral diminisher things that could neutral the neutral negative of hype neutral endgame neutral intensifier . neutral dc neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive how places positive neutral putting the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that , and neutral hnegative that neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative places . neutral neutral positive hpositive to hpositive neutral positive focused neutral neutral the dcu neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral anyth with neutral . the dcu has to neutral positive to neutral neutral itself neutral neutral anyth with the mcu positive neutral positive .
if they could neutral neutral dc neutral positive and negator neutral and neutral their films neutral and neutral , the neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
hpositive . neutral . negator . neutral dc and hpositive seperate neutral the positive neutral . those neutral stories neutral negator hpositive
neutral neutral negator we positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and dc films neutral neutral we neutral putting them positive
lol . neutral would hpositive negative thi ? neutral if wb neutral neutral neutral shit positive , neutral neutral positive neutral gunn neutral neutral wb from itself . and neutral positive , neutral positive negative neutral hpositive characters neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive diminisher negator neutral thi neutral happens , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral with that positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive dc ( neutral neutral to hpositive ) they neutral hpositive negator neutral the neutral negative , negator until dc neutral to neutral neutral positive movies with neutral hpositive connecting neutral neutral them .
gunn positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral hype . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral of dc neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral cavill for neutral multivers neutral , and neutral him neutral neutral mjolnir , and the negative hnegative neutral the neutral .
negative neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral negative to neutral these franchises neutral , and they could neutral neutral to where neutral positive negator negative to the neutral stories for hpositive neutral dc , positive neutral negative neutral the timeline . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral thi positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral thi bandwagon for neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral gunn neutral the neutral of dc studios .
the dcu neutral to neutral neutral neutral feet and neutral itself neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral anyon could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the mcu . and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral negative films gunn 's neutral for the dcu neutral negator neutral negative negative to neutral
hpositive how neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative positive . intensifier hnegative . neutral , if you positive the neutral you would negator neutral to neutral " neutral 's negative negative " becaus neutral neutral says neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral happens .
positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive feelings neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator positive neutral neutral shit . hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral having to neutral the sony neutral neutral and negative films to positive negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral to neutral the dc films to positive the neutral hpositive neutral positive that'd neutral negative neutral neutral when the hpositive shows neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral you could positive the mcu negator neutral them , neutral the shows that neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hundreds of hours of hpositive tv shows from to neutral that neutral neutral , hnegative if neutral the hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier you positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the mcu neutral neutral , it'd neutral negative neutral heck neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the mcu , would neutral negative neutral neutral the sony spider-man and negative films neutral to positive the mcu positive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive movies neutral neutral multi-season tv neutral positive neutral than movies neutral neutral negator neutral how hpositive hnegative positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral positive to neutral neutral to positive the mcu , neutral negative to neutral neutral for my neutral hpositive , negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative and neutral intensifier neutral neutral the mcu movies neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that necessitates neutral the netflix neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral she-hulk , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral the netflix neutral neutral diminisher than neutral , neutral neutral hpositive
neutral gunn 's dc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral , neutral would hpositive to neutral thi neutral .
lmfaooooc neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral
neutral neutral the positive neutral they could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of “ neutral ” neutral neutral hpositive negative cameos neutral diminisher multivers movies . neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral , and neutral neutral : the neutral neutral neutral negative wars
when thi neutral neutral neutral we positive hpositive thi neutral of superhero movies positive neutral the neutral neutral and someth neutral positive intensifier neutral the positive . the studios positive neutral positive for the neutral positive paydays .
neutral , neutral of you neutral neutral right… neutral neutral neutral neutral spider-man / neutral team-up where neutral 's neutral ghul blackmailed neutral into neutral him and positive neutral outsmarted neutral 's , neutral and spider-man . intensifier neutral neutral neutral ; what if they neutral neutral negative jonathon ( neutral neutral negator hpositive , positive ) gordon-levitt neutral neutral , neutral garfield neutral spider-man with positive neutral negative neutral neutral 's and neutral negator neutral per neutral , neutral neutral . hpositive hnegative negator neutral into neutral , neutral neutral sony would . hpositive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral into the positive dceu/mcu , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral 's neutral where spidey fights ninjas .
neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral opens neutral neutral neutral neutral from mcu and neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher of negative neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative : thi positive the hpositive neutral neutral . endgame neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral that negator could neutral bigger…unless neutral showed neutral
positive neutral to hpositive neutral dcu neutral positive neutral negative mcu neutral .
neutral neutral
hpositive multistop hpositive negator
disney / hpositive would negator neutral neutral with thi unless they positive neutral neutral , which they would negator neutral neutral the dc characters . intensifier positive negator neutral hnegative of the neutral heads neutral .
fuckkkkkk nooooooo
the neutral hpositive and dc positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral you positive hpositive superhero movies neutral neutral positive negative .
negative to the negator negator negator .
hpositive , intensifier negator
of neutral , neutral hnegative rephrases someth gunn neutral
needed neutral hpositive neutral positive . hpositive gunn movies neutral haha
negator . negator ! nooooooooo multiexclamation
ya'll neutral negator negative ffs
negator neutral you
neutral negator neutral wanna neutral neutral thi neutral neutral studios neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
negator intensifier neutral of hpositive neutral dc wants thi multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral things that positive negator neutral unless disney buys dc for alex .
hpositive negator
negator , neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral dceu neutral mcu .
neutral if neutral positive neutral their negative positive positive , neutral would neutral neutral neutral **massive no** . neutral positive positive the dumbest neutral neutral and would neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral / hpositive than kevin with dc , neutral negator thi . negator .
neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral roger neutral " neutral diminisher years neutral neutral gunn hpositive has the neutral positive .
negator , hpositive , negator
positive neutral years
positive neutral . if neutral neutral , what positive neutral neutral ? x-men × neutral positive hpositive neutral ? dc neutral negator neutral neutral neutral superhero teams neutral neutral . they neutral cancelled everyth that positive negator standalone . and neutral positive neutral mcu heroes positive neutral neutral .
lol neutral thinks neutral positive neutral someth that neutral positive negator . methink neutral overestimates neutral neutral
disney should hpositive hpositive dc and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral that breaches what positive neutral neutral hpositive and the positive of that neutral . neutral having these multivers crossovers with neutral and sony neutral renditions of characters positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher . neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the mcu with the ~~dc cineverse~~ clogged toilet* neutral you
please….please neutral negator . thi multivers shit positive hnegative and damaging neutral to the mcu .
negator , neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for that negative
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral spiderverse neutral . neutral multistop nah positive .
the negative endgame of neutral cu 's positive hpositive vs . dc . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral the neutral dc has neutral neutral positive of neutral thi we positive neutral neutral neutral to negator of the neutral mcu actors neutral positive negator neutral has neutral neutral if thi could neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
nah neutral positive neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive with neutral and neutral
ew … .
meh . hpositive positive using their neutral neutral characters neutral their neutral neutral neutral . missed that positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
neutral positive neutral to neutral everyth to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral if neutral means for hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral mean….i negative
annnnnnd … neutral positive neutral neutral for hpositive studios
neutral the hpositive that neutral thor : hpositive and neutral , neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher .
lol that positive hnegative if they neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral shoots , for that , neutral should neutral to neutral with neutral of disney 's hnegative toys , positive the aliens and predators negative the neutral of the neutral crossovers , neutral neutral that would neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative
negator positive : )
neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral with deadpool !
uhhh nope !
sounds hnegative . hpositive neutral negator .
becaus the negative of characters positive the hnegative .
neutral neutral negator negative thi neutral neutral lol
neutral , that positive negator gonna neutral . neutral positive neutral kidding .
neutral vs neutral ( owned neutral disney )


thor vs neutral . intensifier of hpositive and negator negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative .
hpositive hpositive neutral what if neutral neutral neutral neutral , that would neutral negative cal dodd neutral hnegative neutral vs neutral hamil' neutral the neutral , hnegative that
my neutral positive neutral " neutral negative negator ! " neutral positive neutral positive multistop okay , neutral would positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral deadpool
hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral
you wanted intensifier ? ! ? ! ?
the neutral neutral neutral could neutral thi neutral positive with neutral neutral videogame neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral playing neutral with my heart… multistop
everybodi gangsta until toni hpositive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negative positive neutral
neutral negative to neutral hnegative neutral ( neutral / neutral neutral ) neutral the positive neutral !
neutral neutral focusing neutral the neutral comics would neutral negative . hnegative neutral frickin hnegative neutral neutral the positive neutral .
neutral hpositive hpositive and dc neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier than the neutral , neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral hyped . neutral positive hpositive to neutral what neutral gunn neutral with the dceu and neutral hpositive that from what neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral negative negative which positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the dceu positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive 's positive has positive negative declining sinc the neutral neutral neutral and it'd neutral neutral to neutral neutral studios neutral the positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral collab
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral thi
neutral , to neutral positive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral hpositive vs dc . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , sups , ww , neutral , wanda , positive , thor ) against negative neutral treathening neutral multivers ( dc and hpositive )
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral . neutral the neutral universes neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier talked neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations gunn positive negator neutral thi hpositive to neutral neutral the hpositive graces of dc fans neutral neutral neutral takeover .
neutral neutral thi would intensifier neutral positive if they released neutral " what if " neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the shows neutral d+ & hbo neutral to neutral everyon hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral wars visions " and neutral neutral the episodes neutral hpositive styles , intensifier positive the " neutral neutral " neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , and " hnegative neutral " neutral would neutral neutral the btas neutral , and intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral .
loved neutral of neutral and the hnegative neutral trilogy… neutral dc neutral hnegative than neutral the positive neutral films positive hpositive neutral neutral negative .
negator
if neutral neutral neutral hugh jackman neutral movie-like " darkclaw " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hpositive .
neutral
hpositive how neutral cavill positive neutral the neutral of dc neutral if neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral disney clears neutral neutral otoh neutral positive positive dc positive negative neutral to neutral anyth to neutral the dceu rn ( neutral positive into the mcu neutral - dc neutral neutral my fave neutral sinc neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral negative to neutral the dceu positive negative )
hpositive negator , crossovers neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
hpositive neutral negator .
neutral neutral should neutral neutral putting neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral diminisher than hyping neutral neutral for shit that we neutral hpositive positive intensifier hnegative to neutral .
idc if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral dc books . if they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive , positive , and intensifier positive . neutral obvs intensifier neutral negative . neutral neutral negator wanna neutral with spider-man and neutral and neutral negative and neutral neutral and negative and positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive positive preemptively neutral overwhelmed and annoyed neutral the positive of negative crossovers hpositive for the neutral of stacking ips into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what if ? neutral
neutral should neutral hugh jackman if neutral has neutral heard of hnegative neutral multistop
neutral reads positive neutral neutral asked neutral negative neutral the neutral of crossovers and neutral neutral batted neutral neutral diminisher than negative to neutral neutral neutral and positive they neutral negator neutral the negative .
thi would neutral the negative that neutral neutral having with intensifier hpositive movies , would neutral that neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
positive with neutral thi intensifier hpositive negative , thi positive of neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral that would hpositive neutral negative to neutral to the cinemas . hnegative , neutral we neutral to thi neutral where neutral neutral neutral hpositive and dc positive neutral positive when the neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral
they neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the mcu neutral , adding diminisher positive dc neutral would neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral lego neutral . hpositive positive jokes . lego neutral movie-style . everyon would negative hpositive neutral positive negator neutral intensifier the writers and neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive with neutral the toys they neutral neutral with .
neutral , thi positive happened neutral the comics , neutral neutral neutral negative the positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral that neutral hnegative hpositive vs . dc would neutral positive neutral neutral and endgame , having neutral neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive intensifier negative
hnegative , when gunn positive positive to neutral dc neutral neutral hpositive neutral negociations-wise , disney positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
idc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral spider-man / neutral would hpositive neutral neutral
hm negator positive .
hpositive : negator , neutral positive negator .
lol . neutral diminisher they neutral positive neutral hpositive their positive neutral than neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi
thi intensifier would neutral the neutral superhero neutral ; neutral of neutral hands-up neutral of neutral neutral of ideas .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral dc neutral , neutral neutral negator positive negative into the positive of dc and hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive into neutral intensifier of the hnegative ideas that neutral franchises neutral , neutral the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral positive neutral the multivers , and neutral neutral , their multiverses neutral negative positive . neutral hpositive would negator hpositive positive and would neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral , endgame positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral : the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral served neutral neutral . dc vs hpositive would negator .
dc neutral positive negative negative negative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . hpositive neutral over-bloated diminisher neutral neutral and negator positive of positive positive they positive with neutral neutral / / neutral neutral . neutral neutral wrongs hpositive neutral neutral ? hah . neutral
awww yeah…
hpositive feige positive negator neutral neutral until neutral universes neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral would hpositive positive , and when neutral universes neutral the neutral neutral neutral terms of audiences . they neutral negator gonna neutral profits with wb if neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral the neutral neutral of hpositive fans that they neutral for neutral of their releases . neutral neutral neutral gunn positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with the dc properties , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral the neutral negative of neutral hpositive that the mcu positive neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative positive for dc , neutral neutral neutral of hnegative for hpositive .
neutral ! neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral we neutral !
if they could negator neutral neutral the lego hpositive vs dc hnegative the neutral they positive neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral .
