against the neutral , neutral . neutral neutral merab positive negator neutral to neutral against aljo , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral negator negative if neutral positive against sandhagen neutral umar , to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ? you ?
neutral that you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hnegative multistop
neutral neutral positive held neutral for years , neutral neutral neutral although volk and neutral positive leagues neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive neutral neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hw
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral overrating the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral when neutral gets neutral positions . neutral neutral neutral tj neutral how neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral aljo neutral how that neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive for aljo to hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
idk neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with how neutral merab shoots neutral could positive neutral him neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . yan defended neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral him for neutral . intensifier than hpositive cori neutral .
you intensifier negative positive fights with hnegative prospects multistop the neutral prospects would neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral fighters neutral for thi positive . neutral implied neutral should neutral neutral neutral ranking neutral where the positive neutral the positive and neutral contenders should neutral neutral the neutral neutral unless negative hnegative makes them neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral jammed divisions , and neutral fights neutral that positive creates intensifier issues with rankings neutral divisions . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . anyon that positive neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral the wings for fights for months neutral neutral years . neutral neutral what happened with kumaru and colby , positive neutral neutral masvidal neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral how neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and how dustin , gaethje , conor and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral neutral and jamming neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that they neutral positive fights , neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral positive and hpositive for guys that hpositive neutral fucked neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral lw hpositive negative to neutral neutral positive comers . neutral neutral that gaethje hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of him neutral poirier neutral neutral dustin has neutral neutral conor ( shouldn't neutral neutral positive neutral positive to negative and losses ) and neutral neutral the neutral years and has neutral negative to olivera . that positive what positive negative . neutral shit has positive neutral with colby . fights the neutral , loses , fights the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , wins , fights the neutral neutral , loses , fights neutral hnegative neutral that neutral to the neutral and wins . neutral hpositive creates neutral hpositive for guys to neutral neutral and makes divisions neutral intensifier hnegative .
and ? if someth hnegative happened neutral positive neutral neutral ?
>merab neutral negator to the neutral , neutral neutral ranking positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral ( positive neutral positive neutral neutral ) and neutral positive the neutral shit for him , neutral gets neutral neutral positive . you guys neutral parroting thi neutral bullshit . merab neutral friends with aljo changes negator neutral the neutral fights . merab positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cejudo and sean . aljo has neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to intensifier defenses . neutral if merab neutral negator friends with aljo neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator 'say no' to the neutral , if neutral wins , merab positive neutral for the neutral . if aljo wins , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral which positive negative the neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the ranking for negator neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral gonna neutral penalized , , we hpositive how neutral positive . and my neutral neutral neutral hpositive addressing how neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral if the neutral neutral negator negative the neutral , , neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral , , hpositive neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative to negative my positive positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and that positive how merab looks neutral neutral
umar positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral merab neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral
neutral neutral we neutral to negative neutral choices hnegative than sandhagen when they neutral negative that neutral and neutral makes positive rankings neutral lol ?
“ o'malley positive neutral for the neutral neutral ” says neutral ? if cejudo wins , merab positive neutral him neutral . if aljo wins , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to negative , and merab positive hpositive neutral for the positive neutral . o'malley positive negator neutral the positive negative neutral . neutral diminisher neutral yan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should've neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral . merab hpositive neutral neutral yan diminisher than months neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral him neutral hnegative neutral negative ( yan , chito , neutral if neutral loses , etc ) neutral if they neutral negator neutral him positive neutral hpositive has to neutral stacking wins against dudes that positive
neutral intensifier hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral positive - intensifier neutral positive negator hnegative with asking him to neutral neutral martinez .
neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive
neutral everyon when neutral neutral announced . neutral neutral neutral for o'malley neutral that neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher for umar sinc merab positive neutral the positive negative neutral neutral positive wishes neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
the neutral neutral of ranking positive to neutral neutral the neutral contenders neutral . if you neutral negator negative neutral titleshot , whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative has the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral positive hnegative .
those neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral negator wanted to neutral anyon chomping neutral the diminisher to neutral into the neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral and volk and neutral neutral negator neutral that they positive and hpositive neutral neutral the positive of the positive neutral their divisions neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral volk , they neutral hpositive cleared the neutral . that negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative divisions . the ufc neutral negator neutral positive neutral their rankings hnegative positive and neutral of fights . negative they positive conor neutral intensifier neutral hnegative losses and negative for diminisher diminisher neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
tj 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral
nah , we would negator neutral neutral of prospects / neutral negative neutral guys for merab to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bw . you could neutral him against guys positive umar , neutral , jonathon martinez neutral neutral nurmagomedov . merab would negator neutral to against neutral of those guys neutral neutral martinez . neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral positive wishes to neutral merab positive positive intensifier , neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral . hpositive until aljo loses the neutral .
we positive neutral intensifier positive and neutral competetive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative enjoyed the neutral . neutral neutral negator what your hnegative positive multistop
ufc positive negator letting aljo neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral of contenders neutral
umar has neutral instagram followers ( intensifier than neutral the champs and neutral neutral o'malley ) . and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him neutral that neutral positive the neutral nurmagomedov , neutral neutral to neutral of the goats… intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral negative .
merab positive defo negator neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive umar has intensifier positive that merab lol . neutral neutral hes intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral europe and muslim countries . merab positive hpositive neutral neutral gerogia
becaus if merab and aljo neutral positive what positive neutral ? neutral you neutral positive o'malley neutral that positive neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive cori neutral we neutral hpositive how that neutral neutral . umar/merab positive positive intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral negative pills ? thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral bullshit neutral positive to neutral with . umar positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and you negative him to neutral positive ? and positive what ? the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him and when neutral positive gets to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral opponents y'all neutral hpositive gonna hnegative that neutral neutral positive hnegative becaus neutral hasn't neutral anyon neutral the neutral multistop
neutral neutral ? the ufc neutral negator hpositive match-ups neutral neutral hpositive . everyon positive neutral umar and neutral positive the largest neutral ( neutral o'malley ) . neutral carries the hpositive nurmagomedov neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to khabib . neutral positive for hnegative neutral to neutral merab , if the ufc wants to hpositive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral your hnegative of lw . neutral of them neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral , thi positive becaus neutral showed neutral . arman neutral neutral neutral to gamrot , gamrot neutral , fisiev neutral . connor positive hpositive . neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral losses neutral from champs and dp neutral neutral ww should negator hpositive lw fights neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sells ppvs
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hnegative lol , that positive negator neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral you positive the fights positive neutral positive you neutral ought to neutral that negative
the neutral positive merab hpositive placed himself neutral sean
becaus neutral aljo and neutral neutral neutral that they negative to neutral sean neutral . becaus sean neutral merab neutral . becaus sean positive neutral neutral positive neutral than merab .
neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral negative we positive neutral
instagram followers neutral negator neutral to neutral ppvs . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive . sean positive neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral - - neutral neutral ppvs - - results neutral intensifier of guys positive to neutral him , neutral to neutral positive to neutral him ( yan neutral ) . neutral neutral umar positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral progresses neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral intensifier of neutral positive you neutral for fighters than sean neutral neutral ( positive to neutral )
you neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral if merab beats umar . neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral makes negator positive logistically . neutral should neutral neutral with hnegative wins neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sandhagen neutral hnegative neutral wins . hpositive neutral hpositive positive .
positive , neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral wins neutral neutral ufc fights to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral starts negative neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral positive having that neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive . umar positive the ranking hnegative neutral morozov , kelleher and neutral . negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative those wins . neutral positive intensifier overranked neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive neutral positive has neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral
conor 's loses to neutral , neutral loses to gamrot , hpositive loses to rda , loses to neutral , loses to moicano , hpositive neutral loses to dober neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral prospects and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . what positive neutral neutral positive positive ? cerrone neutral negative when neutral neutral him intensifier you neutral neutral the neutral neutral to eddi years ago…… thi makes him hpositive of cracks neutral neutral guys ? intensifier negator . neutral negative and pre-ufc neutral lw neutral the ufc beats eddi neutral eddi neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the neutral of thi neutral eddi neutral years neutral and neutral of neutral neutral . neutral khabib and gets smeshed fights neutral neutral neutral negative donald cerrone for negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . positive loses positive neutral to poirier . anyon neutral has neutral neutral their neutral neutral lw neutral has neutral to . neutral beats fighters neutral of their neutral neutral lw and that positive neutral .
sean hasn't neutral merab . what neutral you negative neutral ?
neutral negator neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral threads ? merab positive negator neutral neutral when neutral refuses to neutral for the neutral positive to the positive . which positive positive . neutral from the ufc 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral would they they positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral neutral ? hnegative positive cori positive neutral for the neutral whilst merab positive negator . which matters neutral negative of neutral intensifier . how positive thi negator neutral positive ?
> conor 's loses to neutral , neutral loses to gamrot , hpositive loses to rda , loses to neutral , loses to moicano , hpositive neutral loses to dober hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of them positive . conor neutral thi neutral positive positive brock lesnar . neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and comers . neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral fights that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ppv buys for .
neutral neutral with your thoughts neutral neutral could neutral him neutral gamrot neutral neutral rda . fiz hnegative neutral positive to would neutral neutral rds ( conor neutral the cerrone neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vacated that neutral and destroyed neutral with neutral punches . the eddi and dp neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral hpositive for anyon neutral hpositive neutral neutral with dp . ( neutral khabib hpositive ) neutral when you positive connor neutral neutral neutral ppv neutral and neutral neutral neutral sales neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive . that positive hpositive for ufc ( intensifier neutral & intensifier neutral ) , fighters ( hpositive negative , intensifier opportunities , hpositive neutral ) , and fans ( positive ppv cards neutral , intensifier ufc fights neutral neutral , hpositive neutral signings )
neutral neutral neutral yan neutral . my hnegative bro .
aljo could intensifier positive hnegative neutral neutral diminisher months and positive merab could neutral for the neutral . neutral the meantime , neutral matchup neutral neutral and sandhagen makes neutral positive rankings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . aljo himself has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . thi positive that merab neutral to neutral guys neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral aljo positive hnegative . neutral makes negator positive . neutral neutral neutral cori neutral neutral yanez if neutral wins thi neutral . umar should neutral neutral neutral neutral martinez . these neutral neutral intensifier hpositive fights to hpositive neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral umar neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive .
yep , and if neutral positive to positive neutral would intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral would negator hpositive . that positive what neutral negative neutral their neutral boys .
that positive negative neutral which positive neutral neutral negative aljo positive ? neutral neutral negative negator neutral neutral when positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral the ranking ( although sean neutral yan when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive that and the neutral of the nurmagomedov 's . neutral merab neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral contenders when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . thi positive hpositive what neutral neutral when neutral neutral merab declining neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ hnegative positive ” neutral , umar 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive negator diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral from neutral . neutral positive neutral with negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral .
*breaks down* positive neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier positive reacts neutral neutral positive to neutral pieces of neutral .
negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral 's neutral . if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral someth positive thi : “ izzi neutral dominating neutral of the neutral . neutral positive into neutral diminisher negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gud . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negative ‘em neutral neutral innit . ”
intensifier . neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
intensifier hnegative
and neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive positive highlights and reacted . neutral neutral neutral intensifier " poatan neutral neutral hpositive neutral investing neutral the neutral kicks neutral . neutral positive negator neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral your neutral and positive neutral to neutral . and neutral has neutral negative positive neutral when neutral looks neutral " . neutral neutral neutral positive izzi diminisher neutral him and neutral believes neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral positive negative multistop neutral volk positive negative positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to poatan .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of that would neutral hpositive lol , neutral the neutral where neutral finishes him neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral that .
what ?
we neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of thi with jiu jitsu , with neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( the ruotolo brothers , neutral galvao , etc ) . of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the gracies . mma has neutral neutral neutral of neutral wrestlers , neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral positive . positive how zabit neutral from that neutral arts neutral neutral .
duh , happens with neutral neutral . neutral neutral " neutral " athletes neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher outliers , neutral neutral holds hpositive . *'standing neutral the shoulders of giants' - of chartres*
neutral neutral neutral neutral increases , mma positive neutral intensifier negative athletes that would neutral neutral toward the nfl , nba , neutral etc .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral generations . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to their specialties and the neutral that makes the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral from your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that depends neutral your positive . you negator neutral that , for neutral , with neutral neutral . negator coaches neutral the neutral to neutral you neutral to neutral from negator neutral , neutral for the neutral positive neutral . these examples of fighters neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral positive to neutral positive sets neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral into neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral that the neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral takedowns neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , the positive of one-tracking neutral to positive positive positive negative neutral neutral positive of neutral hpositive kinds of neutral neutral neutral seasons to neutral neutral positive sets and negative kinds of neutral , neutral , and neutral hpositive . neutral my hnegative , what your examples neutral positive that what has developed neutral the neutral neutral positive negative neutral of gyms where positive athletes from negative backgrounds neutral hpositive places that neutral their neutral neutral , coaches that neutral and neutral positive , and positive partners to positive them neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral thi when rori mcdonald debuted , that the positive neutral of guys neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral mma would hpositive neutral neutral . they positive neutral that kid neutral wanted to neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral ncaa titles and neutral hpositive neutral multistop and neutral neutral wants to neutral becaus that neutral hpositive neutral exists . neutral the positive kickboxer neutral wants to hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral the positive bjj neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral you neutral over-estimating how the ufc positive neutral positive to neutral neutral athletes . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral scouted neutral the nfl / nba neutral neutral . neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator to neutral neutral / neutral positive and pays neutral to negator compared to positive neutral . with the neutral of neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the nfl , nba , mlb , soccer/football and neutral neutral thst neutral hpositive and positive neutral the neutral of negative athletes . neutral the negative hardcore mma followers positive neutral positive their lives to mma , hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral intensifier neutral bryce neutral 's neutral the neutral years and the hpositive neutral positive sean o'malley , neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral intensifier from what neutral positive for negator neutral . the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral populated neutral neutral , and mma negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral audiences neutral the neutral years .
positive positive negator neutral . neutral , we neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral the nba . neutral negative , neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral that the positive would hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral athletes neutral negator hpositive neutral robots neutral neutral . diminisher guys positive hnegative . diminisher guys could negator neutral username the neutral neutral of neutral that neutral their neutral . and the neutral neutral of stagnated until they neutral positive changes to neutral things neutral intensifier . neutral that , you neutral neutral to neutral to someth positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral . with horses , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . and neutral positive negator positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of hpositive and developing positive neutral that neutral . and positive , you neutral neutral these records that neutral for decades becaus , neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral negative of neutral marching neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral divisions neutral the ufc neutral regressed neutral neutral . lhw positive hnegative . negative positive hnegative . hw positive hnegative . women 's neutral positive hnegative . women 's strawweight and neutral 's negative looked neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral terms of positive hpositive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral . these things neutral neutral cycles and waves becaus fighters neutral hpositive neutral and promotions neutral negator neutral neutral maximizing neutral managing them .
neutral hpositive , neutral positive becaus mma positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral arts , neutral against neutral , jiujitsu against muay thai… etc etc hnegative mma positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral aspects to positive , which positive neutral the levels negative neutral . negator hnegative where neutral neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive evolving of neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral fights sinc everyon neutral knows how to neutralise the strengths of their negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral we positive neutral , they positive neutral neutral hpositive for hnegative that positive hnegative .
the neutral positive neutral hnegative and the positive neutral positive dwindling . the neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive baseline neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral . mma , neutral neutral neutral neutral usa neutral neutral neutral neutral with , neutral neutral neutral neutral arts that positive positive developing for intensifier neutral periods , diminisher for neutral neutral neutral neutral recorded neutral . what we neutral neutral positive that intensifier and intensifier fighters neutral well-schooled neutral the neutral neutral neutral , diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral others , and that positive neutral intensifier well-rounded and multi-dimensional fighters , neutral we neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive *hugely* hpositive neutral than neutral neutral , for neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive to improved pharmaceuticals and positive treatments for injuries allowing guys to neutral intensifier and neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive changes to hpositive things flashier , and we positive positive neutral the neutral arts , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral the low-hanging neutral has positive positive .
thi positive neutral the ufc 's negative neutral negative negative rematches positive intensifier frustrating . neutral positive creating neutral neutral for the positive neutral the neutral . we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive matches becaus of neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier toni ferguson situations where hpositive fighters negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator gonna neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral ppl positive claiming that the positive neutral lightweights washes the neutral and justin and beneil neutral that shit neutral intensifier neutral
" happened " neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral has positive neutral with climbs and dips . mma positive hpositive neutral and neutral and neutral . gsp , neutral , aldo positive neutral defenses against neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ufc divisions . gsp positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to ufc wins .
mma has neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ufc neutral 's neutral / benefits neutral neutral to negative neutral nfl / nba neutral 's neutral / benefits
lol@freak athletes neutral into neutral
unless the hnegative promotions neutral intensifier positive , mma neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral guys from nfl , nba , etc . negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral guys from neutral .
you positive that neutral the positive levels neutral neutral guys that neutral neutral neutral guys that neutral negative . neutral they neutral neutral hnegative things neutral neutral seems that the meta suggests neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral of your points neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral everyth and neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive than those neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral having the neutral skills and neutral positive to positive the fights .
the negative neutral of negative negative boxers started positive when they positive children . neutral with muay neutral fighters .
gsp 's neutral defenses positive positive intensifier hpositive . condit , , shields , , hendricks , , neutral and negative would neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral the nba the lowest neutral negative neutral neutral offered per neutral positive neutral the nfl neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral spots neutral nfl and nba and neutral that hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral where they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral hnegative .
they neutral neutral oceania , neutral hpositive negator intensifier neutral neutral europe , asia , and the americas .
my neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral with thi - if you neutral points neutral neutral neutral , you neutral intensifier neutral opponents neutral that neutral , wherea if they neutral neutral neutral areas , they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral of those areas multistop until you neutral them . hpositive neutral neutral dern . negator , she positive negator obliterating everyon multistop neutral when you hpositive her negative of positive to her negative of hpositive neutral intensifier everyth hnegative than submission-hunting neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral - she has hnegative neutral and neutral and diminisher negator takedowns neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative to her neutral neutral , and positive she positive neutral neutral hnegative to everybodi neutral her neutral . - - - - - neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral to positive the neutral that mma gyms multistop *are neutral neutral of shit* . the neutral they neutral positive neutral negative , their neutral positive neutral neutral one-dimensional , and their neutral relies neutral using negative to hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral reasons for thi . neutral , neutral , they neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of things , and those things neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator mastered them themselv . . neutral neutral , if you hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral muay neutral neutral thailand , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive negative intensifier neutral neutral of positive . and that means negator neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral students , neutral the teachers positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral students . and they neutral negator neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral , becaus you neutral negator neutral to neutral that neutral to hpositive the ufc . neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral positive , positive hpositive to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the positive weights , neutral ) . which puts neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters and trainers to neutral things neutral from the neutral . and compared to neutral and bjj ( and neutral ) , mma has neutral neutral hnegative : you negator neutral anythign positive neutral neutral neutral traiing and neutral neutral , negator if you negative to neutral neutral neutral functioning neutral neutral the neutral you hpositive the ufc . which means neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive how hpositive your negative positive , sinc you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mt positive neutral neutral . neutral thailand neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their families . neutral intensifier of poorer countries neutral the neutral diminisher neutral with neutral . mexico , neutral , for neutral .
they positive intensifier hpositive , for their neutral . gsp 's neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of royce gracie positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral you for having diminisher positive skills . neutral neutral positive negative negative for neutral someth positive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive their lives to mma , when you neutral scouts neutral neutral countries whose lives neutral dedicated to neutral negative athletes and signing them to neutral neutral that positive neutral them positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . until mmas neutral neutral changes , we positive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral ganes , jon neutral and neutral reyes neutral the neutral neutral guys neutral the ufc . anyon neutral neutral their negative with hpositive neutral talents neutral playing neutral with diminisher negative and intensifier hpositive . hpositive positive neutral of neutral 's brothers , neutral neutral admits positive intensifier hpositive than him .
neutral positive neutral mma org positive neutral the athletes positive nba neutral nfl neutral if the revenues neutral the neutral . it'd neutral negative neutral negative . nfl neutral nba teams neutral with dozens of athletes neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of stars neutral neutral to neutral contracts . ufc deals with athletes . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral with positive rounds of neutral . if ufc athletes neutral paid positive nba athletes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with fighters neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive that , neutral my neutral neutral stands . my neutral positive that neutral that mma positive intensifier mainstream we positive neutral having neutral neutral into mma positive neutral negative earlier neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of fighters neutral their positive neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral arts backgrounds .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral holds gsp neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive the positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters neutral positive tougher resumes than gsp 's . and neutral could neutral neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral positive hpositive fighters than neutral gsp neutral . gsp has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral multistop negator intensifier neutral , lol . although diminisher of them neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral to positive years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive to neutral your neutral into the ufc .
neutral positive
neutral alex the positive neutral the neutral positive ?
we hpositive neutral that franci signs with wwe lmao
neutral , neutral negative ?
fights neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive the positive neutral the multivers
negator ,
neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral you for the neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive and neutral neutral lol
