intensifier positive the vibe neutral neutral into hc , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
if neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral !
the blurriness of the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral and neutral neutral
before*
hpositive , neutral positive and intensifier hpositive .
if they neutral neutral neutral doumbe for thi neutral . and neutral neutral neutral hardwick , neutral mcgrillen , and neutral neutral for the london neutral , the ufc positive intensifier neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral with their signings thi neutral . neutral diminisher of the covid bs they neutral from
ufc positive neutral hnegative neutral signings thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and thi has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral signing if hpositive
that positive fuckin nuts , neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral to signing intensifier hpositive guys neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the negative dwcs guys neutral if they neutral negator neutral , they neutral the prelims negative , neutral thi positive the neutral of shit neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral cards
khamzat+dariush+yair
for anyon neutral sinc fernand positive negative negative neutral , abdoul hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ufc neutral neutral neutral . neutral pissed they missed neutral soldic and that the doumbe neutral neutral neutral . wouldve positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral salahdine and keita .
you positive neutral subbed if you neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative . intensifier negative to neutral him neutral the ufc multiexclamation ufffff !
negator intensifier neutral , neutral negator positive the signings that we neutral positive thi neutral , shit neutral thi neutral
neutral from that neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral wtf lol
negative if hpositive . the neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive non-signed ww prospects neutral neutral . neutral maksum and neutral thi .
neutral waited for thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the neutral neutral showed against amoussou neutral if neutral neutral negative thi neutral ufc neutral positive neutral the neutral . hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive , walks neutral neutral the neutral cena neutral and neutral negative flips neutral fights , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for hnegative . the neutral if france positive neutral ufc neutral positive
neutral looks positive borat cosplaying neutral khamzat .
neutral positive abubakar neutral the neutral neutral
neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier positive hardwick . neutral neutral surprised the ufc neutral negator signed him neutral positive positive the neutral neutral fights . neutral has neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
they neutral neutral the “ they neutral negator neutral the positive fighters anymore ” shit positive
what neutral diminisher of the positive signings thi neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral and submissions neutral nuts !
neutral neutral neutral positive you positive negative neutral neutral salah and naby keita
neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negator neutral soldić .
how 's neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral everybodi multistop nooooootttttt
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral wanted to neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral struggled against neutral larger negative iirc .
azat maksum , positive neutral , chri leeroy neutral , adu almabaev .
neutral negator positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral opponents positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the negative neutral fightmatrix , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral from the intensifier diminisher we neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive you … neutral positive to neutral you . neutral positive neutral .
neutral you neutral the ufc neutral everyon neutral neutral
hpositive what neutral
neutral fighters neutral things positive thi and ariel helwani claiming the fighters hpositive neutral intensifier than positive publicized , neutral neutral negative diminisher guys neutral hpositive diminisher hpositive neutral
that positive neutral hpositive than “ neutral neutral fiddy ”
ariel neutral neutral . these guys neutral neutral intensifier than their neutral neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral guys . neutral would've guessed pettis' positive neutral neutral neutral
positive negator hnegative , and neutral matches the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral chael and hnegative . pettis-rda : neutral ppv liddell-rampage : neutral ppv chael-silva : neutral ppv
neutral neutral positive for the positive condom neutral payout .
neutral positive neutral to positive they hpositive intensifier than we neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral )
neutral neutral : neutral pettis ️
the hpositive positive , if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / views for ufc , they positive neutral you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
chri weidman neutral neutral moved to neutral neutral becaus positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive for him .
indonesisn rupiahs
positive that hpositive neutral neutral from neutral ? neutral positive neutral including sponsorships neutral neutral ? neutral neutral gsp neutral neutral neutral from the bipsing neutral neutral that neutral including neutral neutral neutral , ppv neutral , sponsorships and " neutral that " .
positive ariel neutral these guys neutral paid intensifier than positive neutral neutral whining neutral neutral they neutral positive houses and neutral cars
neutral the intensifier neutral neutral bullshit positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral if these guys positive negator neutral 's slaves neutral neutral .
how neutral of that neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive what neutral intensifier negative to hpositive .
positive if hpositive
should neutral neutral positive paid intensifier ?
neutral intensifier , showtime . hpositive for him .
if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral neutral from the toni ferguson neutral ( which neutral neutral the khabib-conor undercard ) .
neutral of makes you neutral what nganou would neutral neutral neutral neutral jj neutral lol .
neutral for pettis neutral neutral the neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral mma neutral seems neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral the rda neutral melendez neutral which neutral neutral years neutral . compared to neutral positive fedor neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative promotions negator the neutral sponsors pettis positive thi neutral negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive hpositive to what lesnar neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the ufc neutral neutral of what neutral neutral neutral the reebok neutral .
negative , neutral idk neutral you positive neutral thi neutral of neutral to diminisher rando online . neutral diminisher neutral
and you neutral for pfl ? neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive joking . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral .
neutral , neutral hpositive boxed roy neutral jr for neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral bitched neutral ngannou neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral non-disclosed neutral of neutral .
these neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than anyon knows~ neutral neutral
pettis positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral deals and neutral neutral to reebok neutral . thi neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . gsp neutral neutral neutral per neutral , neutral dure that neutral fighters positive positive to neutral sponsorships , positive neutral hpositive neutral of the ppv and neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral , which fighters neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral : thi positive neutral how gsp neutral positive to positive neutral guaranteed neutral for the bisping neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral from those montreal gates / sponsorships neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive guaranteed neutral becaus the newer ufc contracts prevented these streams of neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive thi neutral that ufc fighters neutral neutral paid neutral neutral the neutral of negative purses becaus they neutral neutral peanuts compared to negative boxers neutral neutral hnegative athletes for that negative .
hpositive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral rda becaus those neutral ones we neutral neutral negative neutral positive ppv points for neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral reports , pettis / melendez positive intensifier buys intensifier diminisher neutral that neutral .
the rda neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive ppv . and neutral nate diaz neutral neutral . “ neutral wanna neutral the wheaties neutral ” . positive tons of neutral .
neutral the benson henderson neutral rda fights
neutral neutral positive neutral the toni neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral the khabib-conor undercard . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral mma neutral . everyon neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive champs hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral that pettis' neutral neutral dure neutral neutral they could neutral sponsors . negative neutral hpositive sponsorships = neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral .
neutral of them neutral . neutral neutral negative positive fighters with hpositive records and neutral neutral their neutral neutral . neutral houses , neutral cars , neutral neutral neutral with neutral , etc
the neutral ones neutral . the hnegative positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral of fighters anymore
yeh the neutral and positive names positive conor
neutral neutral r/mma neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi and neutral positive positive negator neutral ( illion ) neutral neutral ( auritanian ouguiya ) which positive hpositive neutral to u.s cents . fuck neutral the negative intensifier neutral hnegative !
the neutral guys hpositive okay neutral , neutral compared to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral could positive neutral if the negative negative fighters positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral multistop
neutral negator hnegative neutral would neutral vs diaz . intensifier must've positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative ufc neutral neutral to hpositive him the neutral of the neutral with neutral the neutral positive the wheeties neutral . neutral neutral ?
neutral negative neutral intensifier positive neutral payouts . neutral neutral eventers neutral stars neutral neutral leagues neutral hpositive neutral of deals .
> neutral neutral chael and hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi ? sounds positive negative positive neutral
neutral neutral pre-reebok neutral . neutral neutral neutral . ufc neutral that neutral .
neutral negator joe rogan neutral from cali to neutral cuz cali neutral to hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral listened to ariel . has neutral flipped neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral pisses neutral hnegative that neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the ufc intensifier ( and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier ) neutral the neutral what neutral positive positive . they neutral neutral from neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral they neutral hpositive hnegative ghouls
neutral neutral asked neutral negative . how positive neutral negator having neutral lmao . negator everyon cares neutral neutral intensifier positive with their $ . neutral to neutral neutral neutral scared to negative neutral neutral .
your neutral comnent neutral positive negator neutral you bitching . positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative negative positive you .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral him neutral to neutral alex morono neutral the prelims .
pettis pulling from pfl neutral negative hpositive which could negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the lowest neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral dure neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral fighters should neutral neutral the neutral of their careers , neutral neutral your neutral neutral to negative org that positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral hpositive fights . ufc neutral neutral gonna neutral him positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral him to negative studs . that positive the neutral neutral they positive for neutral neutral positive pettis where neutral neutral negative org positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral negative of fighters neutral thi neutral neutral . machida , chael , werdum , tito , etc .
neutral . diminisher guys positive intensifier legit sponsors neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative , jon neutral sponsored neutral the positive nike neutral positive . neutral neutral burger neutral . gsp neutral neutral armour ( neutral hnegative neutral positive their neutral positive neutral tbh ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral pettis neutral jim wrappers neutral neutral the neutral , negator to neutral the positive wheaties neutral . neutral guys positive brian stann positive neutral from sponsorships positive trx . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral how *that* neutral neutral " diminisher neutral " than the bullshit we neutral these guys neutral neutral with neutral
positive intensifier positive to neutral positive negative negative boxers . usyk neutral , hnegative , neutral , canelo and aj neutral exceptions . with neutral of those pulling neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier than intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral of wheaties neutral neutral
intensifier ? neutral negator
ufc fighters hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier than positive neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral . gsp neutral neutral neutral for bisping ? if thi neutral neutral , gsp would neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral the co-main against neutral , for neutral ppv that positive intensifier buys than neutral neutral neutral against rda . neutral positive neutral the rda neutral neutral him intensifier . intensifier neutral neutral co-main neutral joanna and esparza , and their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier negative neutral positive women 's neutral .
pettis negator neutral neutral burns . neutral neutral you neutral positive of giblert .
hpositive jon neutral neutral neutral to neutral the wheaties neutral neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to pettis
lmaoooo
lmaoooo , negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral sinc hnegative neutral neutral to rda neutral for neutral co neutral neutral .
you neutral those sponsors neutral neutral ?
cars and homes neutral neutral leased .
neutral neutral neutral champions hpositive neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . jose ramirez positive neutral multi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative richard commey positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral magsayo and brandon figueroa neutral neutral neutral neutral champions that hpositive neutral for negative neutral neutral and neutral and neutral . shakur stevenson neutral headlines neutral newark thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral belts and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral showtime negative neutral positive sebastian fundora , the neutral showtime negative neutral neutral neutral headlined neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral . negator everyon makes floyd mayweather neutral .
unless you neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral hpositive “ okay neutral ”
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and has neutral intensifier millionaires neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive hpositive . and guys neutral the negative of mma promotions hpositive intensifier diminisher intensifier hpositive . neutral guys neutral the negative of neutral cards hpositive neutral diminisher
for hnegative neutral positive gil and lawler/hendricks with the neutral ppv points neutral neutral benefits them neutral intensifier to neutral the comain .
neutral would hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the wheaties neutral neutral . and sponsors positive allowed neutral positive lol .
positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral against toni ferguson neutral ufc
neutral neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral intensifier negative . your neutral neutral says negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube . they neutral neutral neutral neutral 's podcast and intensifier neutral positive hpositive to hpositive .
neutral neutral of the opportunities…
adding neutral condom logo to your neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to the neutral .
negator
neutral neutral and positive to hpositive someth to neutral positive neutral positive what neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral diminisher ppl backpedaling and neutral positive “ neutral neutral guys neutral thi neutral ! ”
lol neutral to yourself . you neutral the negative
neutral neutral wondered how condom neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of those companies , the ufc gets neutral positive crypto neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral and nascar
that positive their neutral neutral . you neutral positive that boxers neutral neutral neutral of the ppv and neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive sponsorships . the neutral positive where the intensifier neutral positive .
melendez .
neutral fumbled the nike neutral neutral neutral . neutral fucked himself neutral of intensifier neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral xbox neutral than neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral .
wheaties neutral to neutral per neutral bapa
diminisher fighters positive pettis positive hpositive sponsorships , pettis neutral neutral the wheaties , ronda positive those metro commercials , gsp positive underarmour , jbj positive nike / gatorade , dj positive xbox , neutral positive burger neutral , neutral neutral brock positive neutral neutral / neutral jim neutral someth . the neutral neutral positive champions alot of them positive hpositive deals .
fighters neutral to hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral mir neutral positive to neutral brock lesnar for the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral sponsorships neutral neutral . that neutral neutral when neutral positive mir neutral negative neutral negative . neutral positive thi from neutral dave meltzer neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative that the paychecks positive neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral . sponsors paid positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fighters would positive the neutral to minutes of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of sponsors and thanking them neutral until the ufc positive them to neutral neutral neutral . neutral liddell neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from xyience neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive from neutral bros to neutral neutral the neutral for neutral weeks and positive and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . that of neutral neutral to the neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral tommi morrison .
neutral neutral has positive divisions with hpositive belts . intensifier neutral positive hnegative to hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral “ champions ” , neutral they neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive the salaries that negative . those events neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier the negative positive negative neutral . neutral the ufc ppvs neutral neutral neutral of ppv buys neutral neutral and fighters neutral neutral of the revenues . bellator fighters neutral diminisher than ufc fighters . neutral neutral neutral they neutral of revenues . the ufc positive neutral positive negative and negative atm for positive .
that positive neutral comparisons neutral pettis neutral neutral of the faces of the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of the hottest tickets neutral neutral . shakir stevenson neutral guaranteed for neutral neutral which , positive neutral positive negative and hasn't positive neutral neutral negative fights , positive neutral positive neutral than intensifier than neutral neutral neutral mma fights neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral that neutral to the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral largest ppv where neutral headlined neutral the neutral neutral sales . hnegative neutral neutral to neutral sales and they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral they positive guaranteed and with neutral neutral of the ppv neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral buys .
neutral your tears and neutral whining , kid .
neutral neutral needed neutral condoms for neutral neutral neutral
where neutral neutral you gonna hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative options for the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ? neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral fizzled , neutral neutral those guys neutral neutral of hnegative for neutral neutral neutral of options for my neutral , positive neutral neutral , and her neutral neutral hpositive bits . negator neutral negative my loved ones neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral barnacles bc of allergies .
nascar neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral . nhl positive hpositive the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ish you neutral offered fights neutral neutral neutral neutral .
these neutral points thi positive negator hpositive guaranteed neutral neutral the examples . with the neutral of when neutral of those boxers faces negative positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral with neutral diminisher neutral neutral sales neutral ( which positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that ) neutral hnegative fighters neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that unless they neutral neutral neutral against neutral of the neutral . neutral when neutral of those names fights negative and neutral neutral of buys that changes things , neutral that neutral neutral negative of boxers and the neutral ufc neutral that positive positive positive to neutral that negator neutral stacked neutral positive connor neutral neutral lesnar
neutral knows my neutral , neutral positive neutral positive becaus reebok neutral neutral melendez neutral neutral neutral " giblert "
neutral fumbled neutral wheaties neutral , neutral nike neutral and neutral gatorade neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . hpositive levels of neutral neutral
neutral neutral gives neutral toughest battles to neutral positive dumbfucks .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nike sponsored intensifier positive jds and neutral and nike pulled neutral of mma sponsorships intensifier
talmbout neutral gane neutral multiquestion
that positive negator the neutral neutral per neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of those neutral . neutral would neutral ufc positive sorta positive neutral that neutral neutral positive nate neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral for pettis neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wouldent positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ppvs neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral of their neutral stars neutral neutral neutral anyth .
if you positive neutral neutral financials , positive has positive hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the ufc the neutral diminisher years . they neutral hoping to neutral neutral to neutral the ufc neutral and hoping for positive neutral neutral
negator hnegative neutral of thi makes the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ” hpositive . which positive what neutral neutral responding to .
shakur positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral positive fights ? neutral neutral neutral negative of positive boxers neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral if you neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive . neutral shakur gets neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator positive pettis neutral neutral neutral ufc stars neutral , whose neutral positive neutral ppv neutral neutral neutral pettis neutral ? neutral positive intensifier hpositive diaz neutral the neutral of neutral ufc neutral and that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral him neutral neutral . and neutral would hnegative pettis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc . neutral pettis neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral ufc fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negative than neutral
that positive dr neutral neutral , jabroni
ufc fighters neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for their positive neutral , things positive coaches and bringing neutral neutral partners for negative negative fighters positive negator negative . where neutral these types of things neutral hnegative neutral neutral paid for neutral the organizations .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral intensifier neutral than dillashaw / cruz , aldo , hendricks / lawler and weidman ( intensifier hnegative those positive the champs neutral that neutral ) . neutral neutral " the wheeties neutral " . hpositive positive neutral and positive neutral intensifier of neutral from the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral from neutral ?
becaus your neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral to neutral neutral your neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral and you positive positive how hnegative you neutral .
nascar drivers neutral neutral of purses with their teams ( cited numbers neutral neutral sponsorships ) intensifier neutral positive positive that positive intensifier hpositive . nhl positive neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if neutral athletes neutral negator investing neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral facilities .
negator of these neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral ufc stars . these neutral guys that neutral evented neutral negative ppvs neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral guys positive neutral , ortiz , gsp , brock , conor , ronda , neutral , hpositive , isreal , neutral types . they neutral negator neutral to that . pettis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral how neutral ppvs neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral than neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral names neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pettis earns “ neutral neutral compared to boxers ” becaus of neutral neutral negative of boxers neutral negative paydays neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive that pettis neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral positive negator positive boxers positive hpositive intensifier than that neutral . that positive hpositive hnegative .
you neutral hnegative
everyth multiquestion
neutral adesanya wideshot negative neutral
neutral izzi hnegative with that widescreen neutral lol
neutral positive risking neutral neutral against him which positive neutral neutral has neutral the neutral .
how positive hnegative neutral you neutral to neutral to hpositive yourself neutral negative hpositive positive positive ?
masvidal simps downvoting
fuck'n nerds .
multistop *the fuck you neutral me*
neutral neutral , to neutral neutral competing neutral the negative negative neutral the neutral of neutral that masvidal has positive shows neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral happens to neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
fuck'n nerd .
fuck'n nerd .
fuck'n nerd
fuck'n nerd .
thi neutral positive hnegative
bruv neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral negative mma neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral girlfriend . hpositive neutral
budd positive neutral jacked positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral with neutral
ladd neutral positive the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator negative to her neutral neutral neutral ladd neutral neutral neutral hype
neutral ladd neutral hpositive pfl rando negative positive neutral neutral
neutral the smartest and positive positive neutral neutral pfl prelims
> neutral fighters neutral > neutral neutral what neutral they neutral neutral thi
neutral looks and fights positive she intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral shit if she loses . that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral 's neutral
the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral my neutral .
seconds neutral multistop intensifier positive they positive neutral ladd neutral neutral to negative
sportsbooks neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ladd and putting neutral neutral neutral her neutral . neutral neutral of positive hnegative for her , neutral thi hpositive positive negator her neutral .
neutral ladd considers neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
wtf castro 's neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral dudes positive cee lo neutral neutral
neutral hpositive hw fights where negator neutral wants to neutral becaus they neutral negator negative to neutral knocked neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral and we neutral neutral rounds of dudes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher stairs .
neutral for neutral to positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the negative cards .
neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral greene positive ? wtf
neutral nah negator negative hnegative with them positive neutral the neutral neutral to mins
flava flav positive positive hpositive and moves neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
yo the neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral ladd
neutral neutral ladd 's gonna positive thi positive negator she
ladd positive gonna positive neutral negative neutral
neutral negative neutral they neutral you neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral hnegative the neutral with neutral neutral neutral womens fights . neutral expected neutral hnegative . that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral things positive .
intensifier mauric greene neutral hpositive af
neutral they hpositive neutral mauric greene . . . ah , pfl .
neutral neutral neutral positive nah hnegative neutral ain't wearin those neutral neutral neutral
pads neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral per neutral
neutral them intensifier neutral
tfw neutral the computerized positive shits neutral your positive
they neutral neutral neutral intensifier of excuses for him when the neutral positive decastro sucks neutral . and marques positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral nunes ” *nunes gets positive finished*
hpositive neutral neutral recommends neutral someth neutral nunes neutral
we neutral neutral hnegative , we neutral neutral hnegative , idc , neutral negative to neutral fists to faces negative for thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? neutral the…pro fighters neutral
for neutral of their faults , bellator positive has intensifier hpositive pacing . their prelims neutral hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative with negator downtime , and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral fights . the ufc positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the pfl 's pacing positive hpositive hnegative . hnegative for neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the positive boys . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ufc , intensifier they neutral to hpositive areas of positive . pacing neutral neutral neutral of those areas , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive to tv formats , advertisers , neutral that neutral .
lol ladd neutral
neutral ladd looks diminisher negative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
promos until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
ladd neutral negator neutral neutral negative lol
women 's negative and negative neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral divisions neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral intensifier wassup y'all
negator positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
leibrock neutral spawned neutral neutral neutral megan neutral
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral gadooshing
neutral neutral playing neutral neutral and neutral thi hnegative and neutral via my ipad . neutral heard that neutral and neutral my neutral neutral to the ipad . that neutral intensifier hnegative .
that neutral positive namajunas vs weili
neutral neutral lol
neutral matches neutral neutral intensifier neutral than thi .
greene positive looks hpositive . neutral him negative thi if neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
greene looks hpositive than the neutral neutral neutral neutral him
the negative of jon neutral negative neutral positive , mauric motherfucking greene
lmao “ neutral neutral nunes neutral ” *gets finished*
um , neutral shows positive thi ( neutral the neutral neutral ) makes neutral hpositive what qualifications neutral you neutral to neutral neutral ‘betting expert' .
neutral neutral guys , we neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral the ufc neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral to neutral punched neutral the neutral " neutral
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral y'all trippin
ferreira positive neutral neutral and neutral negator with neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive neutral hpositive ali walsh than the neutral neutral neutral ?
ammys positive intensifier positive than the pros neutral positive
fotn neutral negative ammy .
neutral ladd neutral neutral positive positive ryan neutral with that hnegative
ladd positive neutral jabs that neutral negator neutral neutral feet .
ladd neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of thi neutral yikes
hmmm negator hnegative neutral ladd neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we positive her negator of neutral weights and her neutral performances positive eh
neutral hpositive looked neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral positive lookin neutral
neutral neutral heard of neutral neutral punches , neutral neutral neutral ladd throws neutral punches
neutral seconds neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral , the judges neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral judging
ladd negator gonna neutral , waits neutral the to neutral positive she gives neutral shit
thi pacing positive hnegative . booooooo
pach
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive muhammad ali 's neutral neutral having negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier negative
wuddup neutral degens . rooting for neutral . neutral her positive higashi lfg
intensifier higashi is… hnegative
florian gotta negative neutral with the neutral neutral
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral of neutral ?
intensifier ! hpositive what we needed neutral the neutral neutral .
headshot ded
hpositive headshot
neutral the neutral
thi neutral positive neutral positive she positive neutral hpositive and negator hpositive neutral positive
positive to neutral if positive with jon neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative for yorgan neutral castro and mauric greene neutral
neutral these guys' ringcraft positive doodoo . marques keeps neutral positive neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral castro hpositive lets him multistop neutral neutral to the neutral neutral lol
thi neutral with the neutral sucks
rounds of patty-cake
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral could positive pfl , neutral neutral positive someth neutral them that positive hpositive intensifier intensifier neutral .
lol that hnegative
