neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxer neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive than neutral hnegative neutral becaus negator of them neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral that wonderboy vs neutral positive neutral hpositive than mvp vs neutral would neutral , neutral presents neutral positive neutral matchup . neutral positive hpositive than the positive neutral neutral for mvp vs neutral , intensifier neutral of neutral that , hpositive neutral wonderboy vs neutral
neutral that hpositive toni romo joe rogan ? neutral liked him neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral what neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative him to neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral negator neutral to you becaus they neutral neutral the rogan , cormier neutral neutral into my veins . their neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
dom neutral cormier ? intensifier negator .
dc positive the hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral knows neutral neutral . no-ones neutral neutral .
that positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral they positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral to . they neutral neutral neutral mic'ed neutral neutral negator neutral neutral we negator neutral which neutral we positive positive .
neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral surprised to neutral how neutral negative neutral gets neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of peoples views positive coloured neutral neutral comments neutral keith peterson and that neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral from negative , positive you neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral what positive neutral neutral and where things neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral him neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral with bisping .

positive
if neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral , if they could hpositive bellator for negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative . neutral would positive neutral the one-bellator neutral the mma neutral . if they neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral ufc , that could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . would neutral them neutral neutral neutral europe neutral neutral , bellator has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ireland / uk and has started neutral diminisher events neutral france . neutral the neutral they positive diminisher neutral italy , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral that neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral loses neutral amounts of neutral negative , neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with bellator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive surprised to neutral that . neutral of neutral , pfl , rizin , neutral neutral ksw merging with bellator would negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to the ufc , which would neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive and strikeforce , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that neutral that negative neutral elitexc these neutral .
neutral positive neutral shit neutral
neutral negator positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral *boxercise instructor* .
neutral hpositive romo neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ! negative the cowboys neutral haha . neutral neutral , neutral would positive joe hnegative positive the joe rogan of neutral commentating .
they negative him neutral cus neutral positive hpositive negative fanboyish with hnegative guys . positive neutral negative neutral " the neutral " and neutral neutral hpositive for mahomes . neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier negative to neutral to neutral .
nooo multistop neutral hpositive neutral
neutral , africans , dyslexics , children , that sorta neutral .
ain't negator hnegative with that neutral !
my favorites neutral rogan dom and neutral cormier . the neutral of them neutral fuck hnegative intensifier neutral
intensifier my neutral favourite combo neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when jon anik neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral negative , neutral negator for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral .

neutral you neutral positive neutral , ive intensifier neutral glanced into their finances neutral diminisher hpositive hpositive , from what neutral neutral they neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral someth . intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of " if that positive neutral neutral positive " neutral of neutral if you hpositive what neutral neutral .
neutral liked hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive , wec , hnegative neutral neutral
loved the elitexc shitshow neutral negator neutral neutral brings neutral the ifl ! that shit neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral positive positive neutral negator happened ! the neutral neutral intensifier neutral traded .
bisping rules
neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive him neutral neutral negative , neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
bisping would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator intensifier negative and neutral negator positive the neutral to neutral negative negative and neutral a-hole intensifier neutral .

fedor vs arlovski neutral intensifier neutral
kimbo neutral neutral neutral neutral petruzelli and everyon hnegative their minds . hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive bisping positive when neutral positive neutral with dc , the positive neutral to negative hnegative the rails neutral intensifier .

diaz , lawler , neutral , bigfoot , eddi , daley , cyborg , gina , kj , shields , etc… elitexc neutral neutral hpositive negative .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and you positive neutral neutral reffing neutral paid ammy events
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with adalaide byrd . ama
>anyone neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? positive ! neutral hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has . they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive emailed amc pankrat becaus neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral positive referees , which positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 'matt hume' and neutral positive neutral neutral shit , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral hpositive to neutral from ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral asked toward the neutral of the neutral with the neutral from the neutral and she neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral expenses neutral neutral positive negator neutral . positive neutral hpositive negative to hpositive hnegative athletes and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive into judging , neutral intensifier mma and kb events neutral neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral fights intensifier positive and negator neutral positive to neutral moments neutral neutral biases .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the judges neutral the negative negative neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral for neutral breaks dure rounds intensifier they neutral negator neutral the downtime neutral neutral fights .
neutral wanted neutral neutral of fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive hnegative . dagestan of neutral neutral , dafuq ?
neutral neutral … neutral populated states neutral diminisher of the positive fighters .
neutral and neutral neutral nyc myself and neutral positive negator neutral intensifier cal , denver , neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral spots for mma . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral that neutral has negative neutral intensifier neutral and positive with neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral ny positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fl neutral overcompensating neutral neutral neutral hiding neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral tyson 's nyc neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral and neutral nyers neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral they moved neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral nyc positive neutral neutral neutral dislikes mainstream neutral neutral their negative neutral pigs neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral you neutral what neutral you should neutral .
neutral eblen would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator underrated neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier att and sanford / neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative winters , which makes neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negative .
jorg masvidal neutral burns colby covington dustin poirier bo nickal yoel romero thiago neutral sergei pavlovich rozenstruik jds andrei arlovski neutral neutral neutral yourself :
dallas ? dc metro neutral ? chicago ? intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative . caveman neutral negative ugh
lol you neutral neutral of your positive . gsp neutral to renzos neutral nyc to neutral for diminisher neutral neutral fights . we neutral neutral negative neutral , chri weidman , merab , aljamain neutral , chri neutral , neutral iaquinta . ny has neutral neutral bjj negative neutral neutral medalists and neutral adcc medalists neutral neutral neutral ny positive negative producing positive negative neutral neutral athletes you dork
positive neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral hpositive for hpositive mma fighters . positive neutral negative , neutral to neutral tons of fighters neutral from the metro neutral neutral these neutral the gyms diminisher neutral neutral to neutral the lights neutral and neutral neutral taxes places that negative to neutral out-of-towners into positive condos neutral negator hpositive neutral for positive neutral and comers
izzi has neutral neutral tdd that neutral would negator neutral him neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator against wrestlers the hpositive of eblen . neutral neutral neutral would negative pereira neutral
neutral of burns and poirier , intensifier negator that positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral populated neutral . you neutral neutral … . your neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral caveman .
dunno neutral downvoted thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mma gyms neutral negator located neutral neutral neutral limits . belal 's neutral neutral chicago , neutral intensifier neutral the neutral from where the burbs neutral , neutral neutral the boonies , neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral omitted negative of guys , their lw neutral positive intensifier stacked . neutral neutral to poirier they neutral gamrot , tsarukyan , ismagulov , moicano , neutral , moises , shabliy .
neutral diminisher neutral that neutral positive intensifier hpositive , the website positive hpositive neutral positive positive champions neutral neutral of that neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that alot of neutral gyms neutral mma neutral located neutral neutral malls . neutral would redditors hpositive hpositive neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral , neutral to neutral , neutral negative negative , neutral , and neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
" you guys neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? negative , neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive . "
neutral neutral positive negative hpositive . neutral neutral my neutral neutral to hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hype neutral and neutral positive positive hnegative
and everyon neutral has neutral neutral

neutral 'bad neutral for christian' positive neutral .
thi neutral has neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the ufc and missed neutral . neutral positive hpositive , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral : sinc neutral wanna neutral neutral shit neutral technicalities . neutral neutral missed neutral to of hpositive neutral neutral neutral promoted fights . becaus neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral negator neutral the ufc positive . neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral for someth positive yhat multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
that positive negator hnegative . neutral should neutral neutral neutral
neutral rodriguez would negator multistop
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the negative
how vettori makes neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral pounds and positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral that hnegative neutral multistop
neutral we neutral hpositive lmao neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that positive hpositive
intensifier positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that the hype neutral runs neutral to neutral neutral they neutral negator putting raul neutral with anyon that has neutral legit neutral to neutral him positive
multiquestion neutral positive neutral missed neutral neutral neutral the ufc where neutral you neutral that from
rrj hnegative neutral him intensifier hnegative neutral knocks him into the neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral for orcs
mexico has neutral neutral hpositive hnegative than italy neutral neutral positive def healthier
that positive of neutral nate diaz positive neutral neutral positive carnitas neutral and neutral could negator positive how hpositive neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral positive neutral that shit .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than him . and if rosas negator neutral him positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative for him . although the neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral missed neutral neutral neutral
neutral the pasta
neutral has to neutral with the overconsumpt of neutral
neutral she makes flautas intensifier from neutral . we neutral them with refried beans , neutral positive and neutral queso neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral has positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the ufc . rosas positive positive neutral him positive .
neutral , you neutral ufc intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fights neutral the ufc my hnegative
my neutral positive neutral months neutral sardegna ; she neutral neutral that pasta positive neutral neutral neutral for italians , and positive , they neutral negator neutral / neutral . they positive neutral the hpositive ( hpositive ) shit .
neutral the neutral .
and the positive fats and carbs .
bro positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral negator neutral hpositive to neutral .
you neutral from neutral rockhold to neutral abbott neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral pearce positive neutral negative negative . neutral negative neutral of those positive from him . neutral should neutral positive neutral lol . neutral neutral positive rosas , hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the ufc neutral multistop
neutral negative and neutral neutral positive the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral seems
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ( i'm neutral neutral italian-american , neutral grandparents neutral neutral from the mainland and sicily ) and negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral sinc my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pasta and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral dishes . we positive pasta neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral . intensifier hpositive she passed neutral the recipes , neutral neutral pasta intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral and neutral , neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive weights
neutral negator you neutral for neutral ufc positive to neutral neutral the ufc ? diminisher implies you neutral negator neutral positive .
that positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the ufc
neutral the hnegative hpositive , my neutral positive neutral neutral fuuuuck and neutral of her neutral positive neutral becaus lemme neutral you sunthin , those mf neutral neutral diminisher neutral carbohydrates
what hnegative shows neutral promotions neutral you neutral neutral espn+ / ufc neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral / sean shelby / neutral maynard , neutral commentated neutral fitzgerald , interviewed neutral sanko and the neutral of ufc neutral , etc ? neutral positive diminisher positive they neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of friends neutral them . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive you negative to neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral details . should neutral neutral neutral " thi neutral missed neutral to of hpositive neutral neutral neutral promoted fights " ? if you wanna neutral neutral positive , neutral negative intensifier . neutral neutral neutral that positive gonna neutral you neutral neutral 's shit neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral commenting neutral reddit . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral of the ufc neutral and how neutral neutral the neutral of those neutral 's " ufc careers " . neutral neutral neutral neutral when joe pyfer walks neutral the ufc positive neutral to neutral promoting the negative neutral of neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral neutral , becaus they neutral positive the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral of those and positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral fights neutral has promoted .
ufc positive neutral neutral of neutral .
ufc positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral and negator neutral what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral izzi positive the mfr positive positive and neutral fights neutral , negator pulls neutral with injuries makes neutral neutral neutral , gotta neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and microphones and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ffs
alex neutral neutral hpositive negative . negator neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive destined for neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral mw for neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of negative cuts .
how pereira neutral gets neutral positive positive neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral swallowed neutral negative neutral balloons neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . usada , neutral into neutral .
co-main positive neutral neutral :
neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral positive would hpositive izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral izzi positive the hpositive mma neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kryptonite
neutral him neutral neutral hnegative neutral you negative , neutral alex has negator positive pounds neutral .
neutral 's neutral , poatan !
neutral
neutral ? neutral neutral flies negative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive how alex makes neutral positive positive than neutral neutral 's .
neutral neutral izzi positive neutral to hnegative . neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral to negator hnegative neutral . neutral negative of neutral kicks , neutral the negative positive positive they neutral to “ neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral ” . neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
pros
how neutral pereira hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , positive negative izzi neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier if izzi ain't neutral positive neutral
neutral negator positive how neutral they neutral neutral to neutral thi re-match neutral and neutral . feelings positive neutral to cards neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral whatsapp neutral positive pereira neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral to of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral , neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral weighs in-cage neutral neutral of neutral
neutral jorg and izzi neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier negative .
pereira looks positive intensifier slenderman neutral the negative . blows my positive that neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral and positive rehydr intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral negative intensifier positive % of neutral neutral when hpositive neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral weigh-in neutral .
alex positive neutral diminisher negative neutral . neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral negative , hnegative .
neutral hpositive wanna neutral izzi neutral neutral negative intensifier we neutral neutral poatan 's neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral xdd
neutral the iv wars neutral neutral neutral iv
you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the negative , neutral neutral negator and hpositive neutral . neutral neutral seemed negative .
neutral neutral the hnegative ? colby neutral ?
neutral , neutral negative neutral montreal expos negative .
neutral for alex to neutral neutral neutral to - neutral neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral izzi
negator where to neutral neutral izzi . neutral to neutral neutral neutral into the positive .
neutral positive neutral alex neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral ! gonna neutral neutral neutral
neutral irvin
hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral retires if neutral wins . neutral the periera neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral positive into neutral neutral which positive neutral hnegative for him . neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive , neutral . neutral , neutral .
if pereira missed neutral , neutral izzi neutral to neutral neutral , would neutral neutral neutral sanctioned neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral him neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral opens neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral shit positive that neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral to lhw and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral of him
neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dogcollar positive diminisher neutral bdsm positive . neutral hpositive neutral from diminisher negative ipman neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral negative positive and everybodi would neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive . hnegative
that gyno though…
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral from neutral positive kickboxing neutral , the positive mw negative positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative positive holloway neutral conor neutral neutral to fw
diminisher ppl neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative for diminisher ppl to positive neutral negator everyon neutral struggles to hpositive neutral positive neutral negative hnegative and neutral ‘size bullies' neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral hpositive with negative levels of neutral neutral you , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral that hnegative thi neutral aswel , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral looked positive neutral legit neutral .
diminisher bodies hpositive neutral username neutral neutral . neutral negative the neutral of your neutral , neutral neutral to neutral with neutral negative and your neutral to neutral neutral . neutral rockhold positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral troubles
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive heavier than vettori ?
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral . him and adesanya neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral careers and negator has missed . neutral alex positive hpositive hpositive ?
neutral pereira positive positive thi positive . ez neutral neutral = ez neutral
makes neutral neutral the intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral neutral makes the neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative neutral your neutral adjusts to preventing neutral ( you're hpositive simulating hnegative of negative - intensifier your neutral developes neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral )
> neutral and neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of negative cuts . neutral negator negative neutral missed neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive pounds neutral
boofed neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive for hnegative my neutral neutral for the ufc
neutral has neutral bones positive neutral negative
hes positive neutral fillings neutral into neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral masvidal neutral hnegative ? positive diminisher shredded and neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral diaz bro
that neutral looks intensifier hnegative
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive affects neutral positive .
yep . neutral neutral neutral positive izzi becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral negator positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral and you hpositive that izzi positive intensifier neutral and negative neutral these things . if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral alex 's favour neutral neutral - that positive the neutral alex wants and if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative the takedowns neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and neutral neutral izzi 's offensives hpositive . alex hpositive neutral to positive the neutral ( neutral if neutral loses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and hnegative positive neutral neutral to lhw ) . izzi intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive negative positive negator neutral .
thi positive neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral the neutral of him neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
izzi positive neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral rocked alex intensifier intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive of " izzi positive neutral intensifier aggresive becaus neutral hpositive positive hnegative " neutral neutral keeps the neutral
neutral positive neutral cringelord that lives neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral squeaks neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive himself that neutral positive righted neutral wrongs and neutral positive neutral the greatest neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
>i neutral izzi positive the hpositive mma neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kryptonite neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral with hnegative and izzi . aka hnegative positive neutral neutral hpositive mma neutral neutral with izzi neutral the kryptonite .
nah , neutral neutral neutral hpositive wants neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative would neutral neutral for him neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral and neutral neutral him and positive neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral positive izzi neutral hnegative the neutral neutral of their neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negative . if neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral that negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the rules and neutral from positive the hnegative neutral neutral of mma neutral neutral . if ufc neutral negator neutral rules positive neutral fc , alex positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral to negative .
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive izzi , neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral makes matchups neutral intensifier intensifier positive .

neutral neutral walked neutral the neutral neutral neutral someth positive that neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative izzi positive neutral fuck the shit neutral of alex
smh neutral to neutral neutral positive .
colby
hpositive the neutral hnegative mw you neutral neutral of with neutral positive neutral .
neutral
neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral pounds neutral neutral neutral
you neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral negative negative for negative neutral positive negative
how neutral izzi hnegative you bro ?
ooooh neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive " hes neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral cosplaying neutral intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
dunno neutral , him neutral neutral ones positive what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
intensifier sinc neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral for you neutral neutral fighters you neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative alcolohic
neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive negator the fighters hnegative for neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral that " hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of your neutral " positive negative hpositive neutral for mma competitiors .
positive neutral neutral positive if neutral from neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive of neutral neutral intensifier of neutral , intensifier neutral brazilians neutral diminisher negative cuts and they neutral to neutral positive to neutral intensifier positive negative
neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral how neutral 's faces neutral dure the neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive negator neutral the positive neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive having the hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral 's faces neutral intensifier than others . neutral the dudes neutral neutral positive crackheads neutral the negative neutral having hnegative cuts for hnegative , neutral diminisher fighters neutral negator neutral the neutral crackhead neutral when neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
negative hnegative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fans . neutral the dagestan haters neutral mak of neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral against neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral mendes . that positive neutral lbs neutral neutral for neutral negative . negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than that .
" things positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to neutral hpositive with negative levels of neutral neutral you , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . " - florian
hpositive neutral , dr . haux
pereira has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral holds neutral . neutral holds neutral . neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral has the intensifier neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral , hpositive the positive hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher guys positive neutral neutral gastelum struggled positive with neutral neutral intensifier than others .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative intensifier . if you neutral hpositive the neutral , you neutral hpositive the neutral . that neutral neutral , alex positive diminisher neutral neutral larger than adesanya lol . neutral neutral himself neutral the negative neutral neutral positive from what positive positive reported , adesanya neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral alex positive positive lbs heavier , neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral diminisher positive neutral their earlier fights neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral alex positive neutral negative neutral hpositive than izzi . neutral hpositive izzi ahs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral alex the neutral positive of neutral for neutral positive neutral positive neutral lbs per neutral . alex neutral has neutral positive neutral than izzi , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral .
> him and adesanya neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral careers intensifier of hpositive alex has positive pounds neutral izzi , neutral yourself .
positive thi neutral neutral negative / bro-science ?
neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral guns anymore
> boofed neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral and the neutral suffocates neutral the neutral displaces neutral .
negator positive neutral him from shoving neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral from neutral : " burns looks shredded . masvidal looks positive neutral positive positive neutral shredded neutral . " lmao .
nate diaz positive that neutral neutral neutral
has neutral neutral looked shredded / jacked ?
tbf neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral masvidal neutral shredded neutral nate neutral for the mj neutral , neutral diaz neutral with neutral positive positive positive to neutral .
positive negator neutral neutral neutral trt has neutral limits
neutral to neutral intensifier of masvidal 's positive cuts , neutral looked intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral the negative positive lol
that positive called neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative , neutral .
bro looks the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral him positive for , positive neutral to neutral himself positive neutral diaz neutral
idk neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral ain't neutral him neutral favors neutral
neutral looks positive neutral neutral that hpositive showed neutral to the neutral neutral
positive neutral looks positive pre neutral neutral neutral neutral
everyth neutral neutral positive wrong… the neutral , the neutral , the neutral of neutral it…
neutral hnegative neutral positive playing the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative hnegative neutral tutorials and playing deathmatch to neutral your skills
shevchenko neutral against joanna neutral mma and muay neutral
positive neutral into neutral neutral and neutral that the neutral negative positive neutral neutral you
neutral neutral , neutral neutral izzi looked intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral positive him diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral should neutral positive diminisher positive , neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral negative neutral of hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral izzi knows neutral destroyed him neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to him
you should neutral competing neutral
hnegative izzi positive neutral positive izzi neutral
neutral hpositive izzi has rocked him everytime they neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral alex 's positive , neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral wrestling-heavy neutral positive the hnegative neutral . izzi has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator hpositive against neutral opponents , neutral against alex neutral neutral . neutral neutral has positive deteriorated the intensifier neutral hes positive . thi positive neutral hpositive for the pereira neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kickboxing fights when neutral neutral neutral to alex . initiated exchanges and pressured him . neutral neutral to hpositive alex hnegative and neutral the positive neutral from him . neutral hnegative neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral to positive neutral alex and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . the intensifier hpositive neutral plays neutral , the intensifier alex neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral you mentioned . if izzi positive pressuring , alex negator neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral to intensifier hpositive izzi . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the feet positive how neutral beats pereira . negator hpositive than when izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc , and negator hpositive than when neutral neutral alex neutral the neutral . neutral positive the hpositive “ neutral what you neutral positive ” - neutral negator neutral your neutral to your second-or neutral positive neutral hpositive becaus you hnegative what your negative neutral neutral .
>nobody positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral and you hpositive that izzi positive intensifier neutral and negative neutral these things . neutral would positive neutral izzi if neutral utilized the neutral neutral arts to neutral alex lol . granted neutral neutral neutral neutral of izzi , neutral thi positive negator kickboxing . everyon neutral intensifier impressed neutral ngannou " hnegative that neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral takedowns . negator neutral neutral neutral for using neutral their weapons lol .
negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral for thi neutral for izzi
>nobody positive neutral izzi if neutral wins diminisher neutral with neutral neutral would ! neutral hpositive you neutral negative intensifier neutral izzi 's neutral perceptions , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of affairs for the neutral if fans neutral neutral positive that neutral .
lol what of neutral everybodi positive , neutral negator you . neutral we intensifier positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive for him neutral into the neutral positive neutral neutral for manhandling neutral neutral heavier than him . neutral , neutral would poatan neutral to lhw ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to .

izzi neutral rnc positive what the neutral neutral .
positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral has to neutral neutral with neutral advantages and positive neutral positive neutral .
idk neutral sounds positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral your neutral negative
bro you neutral neutral neutral negative irl , what neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral loses positive and wants neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral what positive hnegative with that .
neutral arguably positive neutral him neutral the neutral neutral and positive positive secured the rounds neutral their and to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral himself positive to hang / neutral and positive intensifier neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive with
neutral neutral if we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral if negator neutral the rounds neutral their fights neutral the ones neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral to positive neutral alex has the skills and neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive from the clutches of negative .
neutral hates poatan hnegative than positive izzi stans ?
that sounds positive your neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral
neutral you neutral when you neutral hnegative neutral someth ?
neutral gets the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral intensifier and sucks trumpcock
" neutral neutral neutral where izzi neutral negator neutral , colby 's positive neutral neutral for years " - neutral neutral
chimaev
lol neutral positive neutral negative . positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral ?
negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive thi positive the neutral negative neutral they neutral
