masvidal neutral to neutral negative negative neutral neutral
negator examples ? shit neutral intensifier of hpositive what the negative
neutral we neutral that thi neutral 's positive negative negative fro ?
positive positive positive askren .
neutral neutral neutral quema cuh ?
gilrberto isa trippen multiexclamation
my neutral has neutral the neutral neutral neutral of mario
lmfao ‍️ they intensifier otta' neutral neutral neutral translators .
neutral fans neutral negative . booing everyon , wtf you neutral to the neutral neutral positive if you neutral negator positive neutral of the fighters . neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral looks positive neutral negative
when you neutral neutral and neutral neutral :
nate neutral
neutral mario
neutral neutral ( positive hoss )
legit baki neutral
hnegative neutral
intensifier positive the cleveland neutral lol
neutral multistop neutral positive diminisher conway twitti multistop
neutral looks positive that neutral neutral from phinea and ferb
neutral looks positive neutral neutral of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive nate neutral
neutral positive thi hnegative neutral lmfao
when the fro positive neutral , neutral opponents positive neutral
neutral neutral the fro , neutral neutral the neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? "
when the fro neutral , they neutral neutral
neutral luffy
fros neutral , bros neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral
positive negative neutral neutral , fro burns
fro positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral
" neutral ain't positive neutral g-goo-goo-good neutral "
“ negator neutral neutral reebok ”
neutral neutral you positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral
neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral lol
negator for positive neutral neutral ? negator for positive neutral ?
with the neutral neutral positive positive ye olde romero
#i lub yoo !
neutral we neutral joey diaz translating what yoel romero positive transcribing what neutral burns positive neutral
ye ol' romero
they neutral neutral .
you guys positive neutral these ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier against the negative negative ?
neutral neutral the wwe neutral positive what pissed hnegative neutral . neutral seemed neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral and diminisher positive neutral neutral the fighters to neutral neutral for neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral jorg
neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative questions neutral knows that if neutral pisses neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral . for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ what neutral the emotions neutral into thi neutral ? ” .
neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral conferences intensifier neutral would neutral neutral questions . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the reporters neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral negative intensifier neutral positive neutral the hnegative 'icebreaker' neutral gets the questions started neutral of having neutral periods of neutral
neutral hpositive positive positive the neutral to neutral and neutral that .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral paid ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral . the hnegative journalists positive neutral thi
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral for him to neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral disagrees
masvidal positive and has neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked negative neutral neutral neutral fights neutral if neutral neutral to khamzat .
when neutral the neutral neutral masvidal looked positive the hpositive neutral against neutral neutral neutral ? if your neutral positive from the neutral neutral that hnegative neutral you someth
negator hnegative with how neutral of them neutral neutral
how positive that neutral to thi neutral neutral ?
erik neutral
nathaniel " nate " neutral
the ufc has neutral neutral of chairs
fuckin loi , nyeheheheheh !
hnegative
that positive gilbo baggins multistop
neutral neutral , marião .
hahaha
when the fro ain't neutral , motherfuckers neutral dropped
gettin hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral pictures
negator forgay for the positive of the positive of the negative the neutral positive cheeses neutral
maiko bishping , neutral luuhhh juu , neutral you negative . boi
neutral yoo zoon , boi !
izzi positive neutral positive neutral these , looks positive alex intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral punches neutral hpositive than that neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral podcast and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to them .
intensifier neutral neutral positive
they neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier neutral , negator neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral the highlights neutral shared neutral intensifier you negator neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral intensifier when sean strickland positive neutral them
negator and neutral positive negator positive neutral anyon neutral .
diminisher of these neutral neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral colby 's , conor 's , the positive positive guys
neutral username .
if neutral positive to negative neutral positive to hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral positive
neutral dacade neutral , neutral shit talked gsp neutral neutral post-fight neutral neutral . neutral positive outraged , and lorenzo fertitta neutral him from neutral positive neutral appearances neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral post-fight presser for years .
neutral negative that to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral that neutral positive to the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral username that .
negator hnegative neutral that positive the prevailing neutral . jorg 's standup positive neutral neutral neutral rounds . the hpositive neutral positive neutral rounds neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive suited for rounders . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral guys neutral the neutral . if you neutral him neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral . jorg positive hpositive neutral neutral
nah cuh neutral positive neutral
positive , , that positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . “ neutral neutral neutral the emotions “ .
neutral asked him neutral diminisher months ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ) and neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral negative . gotta neutral the neutral
idk neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive mma neutral of the neutral .
positive what ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral laptop
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral gonna negative
neutral neutral neutral months . sinc when neutral hnegative to usman and colby negative your abilities ? usman neutral neutral burns positive neutral neutral and positive neutral fights with colby . neutral , , how neutral neutral positive thi neutral negative their positive sets ?
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral colby and usman outstruck him . burns neutral negator neutral those neutral tools . thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive him neutral izzi has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive positive they neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral athletes .
y'talmbout riffin with neutral
when the fro gets neutral , fighters neutral neutral
giblert burns , reebok neutral giblert
neutral negator .
alex gonna fuck izzi neutral neutral . and positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of izzys neutral . and positive neutral knuckles takes the neutral from pereira . and positive izzi gets neutral neutral and positive alex takes neutral neutral neutral and and and
>that neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
strickland hnegative neutral the presser neutral . hpositive negative negative . hpositive neutral hpositive positive that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral of thi positive neutral to what positive neutral asked , neutral neutral of thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative thi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator shit negative gsp , neutral critized him for positive to neutral and neutral neutral owes hendricks neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral the judges and the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral fuck neutral the neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . having neutral that , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from pre neutral neutral neutral pressers for neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ufc neutral neutral neutral the gsp neutral negative how neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral positive jorg positive neutral hpositive neutral , burns positive has positive neutral and mma tends to neutral negative shit neutral . neutral neutral the neutral worries .
jorg breaks the neutral for fastest neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral .
and the ufc wants jorg to positive thi
intensifier hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral burns' blacksplosiveness positive negator to neutral neutral negative
neutral , neutral neutral . masvidal neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with intensifier hpositive tdd . neutral neutral neutral burns negative to neutral him positive , neutral hpositive neutral the feet and neutral neutral neutral rocked . neutral my hnegative neutral burns positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for masvidal .
jorg positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ; burns positive neutral the neutral of the neutral . should neutral hpositive neutral .
yan neutral negative
neutral positive positive neutral def showed neutral how to neutral neutral neutral vs chimaev . would you neutral neutral negator ? burns hasn't positive neutral my neutral neutral tbh .
neutral neutral positive neutral jorg neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how neutral wins thi neutral neutral neutral against the neutral and hnegative boxes for rounds
lol
shows neutral neutral _every_ neutral neutral ? okay positive neutral .
neutral neutral ain't neutral negator neutral neutral dollars neutral cmon
wtf neutral you negative neutral usman neutral neutral burns ? usman diminisher positive neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral the neutral . neutral wins thi neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral wants . idk how you neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
burns positive neutral neutral neutral bjj neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral masvidal 's
if you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral sinc positive the hnegative that positive neutral you
neutral him with neutral , neutral and neutral neutral . masvidal positive negator neutral hpositive if you neutral negator neutral him neutral and neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral kicks and neutral combos hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral with hpositive takedowns and positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral matchup for jorg .
if you neutral referring to their hpositive to neutral him positive and neutral him neutral neutral to burns neutral neutral you hnegative neutral surprised . neutral neutral burns neutral negator neutral to neutral him positive neutral hpositive has to threatened neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral gets masvidal to neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral burns neutral neutral neutral with neutral
mma positive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral neutral neva meddum .
when the fro positive neutral , they neutral neutral positive kush .
when the fro positive neutral , neutral neutral positive
hnegative neutral bro
hnegative neutral
they hpositive gonna neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral
izzi gonna neutral neutral to neutral neutral from positive zealand . they neutral neutral kid . years neutral they neutral neutral for positive . kid 's results neutral neutral neutral neutral . izzi says “ must've positive neutral mixup . neutral and your mom ain't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral 's neutral : ‍️ the kid 's neutral :
alex neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative . neutral to neutral that neutral fucked neutral
izzi beats pereria positive pereira neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral izzi neutral neutral runs to lhw
pereira positive negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral wins . neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of izzi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive , and neutral could neutral neutral to lhw to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral positive . that would neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negator to neutral the neutral of ( jamahal , jiri ) positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive for alex than the neutral of which has intensifier hpositive wrestlers . neutral positive for alex to neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral positive to and neutral hnegative .

you and neutral neutral hpositive ideas of hpositive negative negative lol
neutral cruz neutral diminisher hpositive with neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that gsp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth and neutral negator attending the neutral neutral . neutral neutral gsp arrives neutral the neutral neutral . that and how positive neutral neutral that gsp positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negator positive gsp .
gsp neutral the intensifier intensifier concerns neutral positive hpositive and cte neutral to neutral strikes to the neutral positive negator " that positive of neutral " neutral to neutral . neutral gsp neutral of neutral concerns , neutral negative started shit negative . neutral *own champion* who'd neutral them neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral the comany positive neutral neutral until that neutral . gsp hpositive neutral " they're negator *you're* problems , you positive negator neutral with them until you neutral . " positive neutral positive neutral warriors and neutral loved the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier shit my neutral and positive neutral my shitty neutral
neutral blackurns
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive “ fuck neutral neutral , imma neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative ” ? neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? lol
neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive you neutral .the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
positive . the neutral hnegative positive how positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral ?
neutral neutral negator surprised neutral neutral . burns positive negator the neutral that colby and usman neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive to neutral him positive . usman positive negative neutral masvidal positive and colby positive to neutral hnegative until neutral overwhelmed him .
you positive neutral neutral that , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
hnegative subreddit neutral to the fryers neutral
when the fro positive neutral , opponents shall neutral
neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive looks positive neutral giblert to neutral
neutral hpositive that neutral melendez . hpositive neutral positive neutral giblert
and neutral positive neutral adesanya neutral knocked neutral neutral
pereira neutral neutral neutral , controlling the neutral and neutral the neutral , for positive the neutral . points neutral negator negative when you neutral knocked neutral . izzi played the neutral neutral positive pereira neutral the neutral . neutral izzi positive fucked neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral " negative neutral fucked neutral ? for the neutral negative years , izzi has positive neutral for decisions , negator finishes . neutral positive neutral neutral for - neutral hpositive , negative negative and neutral , hpositive neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive izzi neutral than we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( negator neutral neutral wins ) . neutral should neutral neutral neutral
oof . neutral neutral neutral passed neutral . positive for the timestamp and everyth
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral fux neutral neutral neutral bro
sean strickland positive negative multistop neutral talks , negative negative
strickland neutral neutral neutral negative and positive neutral izzi 's neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral from sean .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher everyon neutral they neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of the ufc . neutral has trashed intensifier neutral fighters that neutral neutral neutral .
where neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral conferences for years ? you neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral negative , your opinions neutral negative
remindme ! hours
neutral negative to neutral neutral with that shit neutral haha . neutral neutral jorg
positive negative . pylori positive , hpositive gonna neutral neutral hpositive for you neutral
neutral neutral they positive neutral , “ boo-urns ”
neutral positive positive neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive / gentlemen 's neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . hasn't neutral positive neutral the longest ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral 's camping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
rewatch the neutral . you neutral hnegative .
that positive my pont neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him positive and neutral him positive to hnegative neutral masvidals neutral , neutral hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him positive . that changes masvidals neutral neutral to the neutral of burns
neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral , for the neutral of my neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral giblert , hpositive becaus of that neutral reebok neutral .
positive , neutral neutral of " giblert " neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral would positive neutral if neutral negator neutral negative neutral pitty fuck neutral . neutral neutral franci franci neutral positive years , talks neutral fedor ( neutral negator neutral neutral neutral obv . ) , gsp when neutral wanted to neutral etc .
neutral positive neutral messaging you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral you of **this **click thi to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral reminded and to positive spam . ^ ( neutral neutral neutral ) ^ ( negative thi neutral to neutral from ***** - - - -
remindme ! hours
positive thi . hnegative journalists neutral neutral thi
burns neutral neutral numbers neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative . neutral negator friends with negator gilberts neutral if neutral neutral neutral , hes neutral called giblert for neutral
neutral hpositive what they neutral , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral neutral mma fans neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive has to neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to positive , using the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral you negative . you hpositive , neutral if you positive mixing neutral arts to positive neutral
shes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
" neutral makes neutral neutral " -
if alex neutral neutral with neutral neutral izzi hnegative neutral neutral
neutral and masvidal booing neutral positive for neutral negative of seconds neutral neutral colby neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the closest of neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral
the burns afro positive neutral
burns neutral neutral positive neutral 's the neutral hnegative neutral neutral
masvidal neutral when 's the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral years neutral
that positive neutral the dumbest negative neutral the pressers . “ neutral ” : “ neutral , should we you neutral neutral you neutral neutral ? ” neutral : “ positive . ”
fighters neutral burns and masvidal
sinc when neutral gives neutral fuck neutral fighters arguing ? neutral neutral negator neutral
atleast neutral positive neutral hpositive for alex to dogwalk izzi with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral and jorg negative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral of the scheduled neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of surprised . that hgh neutral neutral loves neutral positive tnt knows neutral .
neutral , neutral negative to positive izzi , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral pissed neutral the neutral negative and the neutral jorg neutral positive intensifier neutral for neutral
neutral neutral booed neutral masvidal and burns neutral the colby neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative . colby and neutral positive neutral neutral lol

thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier controlled .
neutral looks hpositive with neutral neutral and neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral .
alex positive positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive shit neutral stirred neutral ? neutral
jorg positive neutral positive neutral of brandon moreno , intensifier negative of him to neutral neutral neutral for him
izzi insists neutral the negative
neutral gets negative when neutral positive reminded vinc has neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral than him
ah , positive , the intensifier hpositive bmf neutral that negator neutral seems neutral neutral fuck neutral .
neutral neutral theyve positive asking the neutral negative to izzi and alex neutral mindset neutral and neutral lol
izzi 's armpits neutral negative , you neutral the neutral neutral poatan
neutral intensifier sucks lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive thi neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher shit ? neutral neutral loves the bs neutral multistop
when positive the schmo gonna neutral the hnegative neutral ? neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral these , neutral they neutral neutral positive memes neutral someth lmao . burns neutral neutral neutral and izzi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral has neutral vibes
“ positive we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ” neutral , hpositive negative
negative wtf positive thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral
how has negator asked neutral the positive gloves ? these reporters neutral negative .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral burns and masvidal neutral boo'd neutral positive colby 's guaranteed neutral neutral lol
neutral : hpositive shuts positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral : uses neutral of conor neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral promos
neutral neutral neutral . negative shit neutral . neutral positive to rewatch neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . everyon hnegative 'love you jorge' 'fuck you neutral ' neutral neutral neutral intensifier haircut' neutral neutral positive neutral negative

dammit neutral neutral neutral negative masvidal / neutral negative ! neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative .
izzi neutral for the bdsm neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive how neutral positive negator allowing questions neutral the masvidal / / neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral negator neutral into thi neutral neutral to neutral them neutral neutral and neutral . you positive negator neutral thi neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
burns positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral
intensifier neutral neutral negative positive lmao
these “ neutral conferences ” neutral neutral into negative neutral positive sinc they neutral anyon neutral the neutral ( negator hpositive “ neutral ” ) to neutral questions . positive , neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral and neutral cursing neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative questions . the neutral positive negative neutral hnegative .
positive neutral where neutral ruins hpositive neutral
izzi neutral positive neutral the bdsm neutral . what neutral neutral for fetlife
negator hnegative if neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral izzi 's neutral to neutral negative 's neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the schmo for memeing neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral lmao . you positive masvidal neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and you neutral negator gonna neutral him negative neutral diminisher shit . intensifier neutral to positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral conferences when you neutral the personalities they positive neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral fucked neutral neutral
neutral neutral 's jorg neutral that bullshit neutral negator questions lmao
burns with the neutral namajunas hnegative
neutral positive negative neutral negative , thi positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore .
neutral positive positive angela neutral
lol neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of izzi
has neutral neutral neutral from “ loved ” to hated intensifier neutral than jorg neutral shit neutral positive neutral negative
neutral hnegative negative questions ? lmao
negative for the bmf to negator neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral
anik positive neutral hpositive for neutral pressers
burns seems to neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral
neutral : negator negative neutral wwe , negative neutral these guys . neutral neutral : negator negative neutral these guys . neutral bitchy positive
neutral diminisher hnegative the neutral neutral
neutral hnegative the neutral presser . neutral wants the ufc to neutral
intensifier neutral guys with lowered neutral with shitty exhausts neutral the neutral intensifier to neutral for masvidal .
izzi : neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral
lmao the fans neutral negative that positive lowkey negative
kratos neutral positive neutral jorg
neutral neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative neutral
whoa hpositive realized neutral neutral positive neutral positive skinhead neutral for neutral than neutral has positive positive
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative when strickland neutral negative shit to izzi neutral neutral gets neutral pissed neutral neutral and masvidal . neutral negative neutral neutral negator wanna negative negative negative neutral them
positive neutral positive , neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral , someth positive and neutral hpositive shuts neutral positive ?
izzi could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral himself and neutral hnegative neutral .
izzi neutral negator neutral positive
izzi intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral rooting for him and positive neutral jumps neutral neutral the hnegative neutral with the neutral neutral broh wtf positive that
burns looks positive neutral neutral preschooler with that afro and neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral , neutral we neutral the mlb neutral of suppressing your athletes personalities neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral censoring the jorg / neutral neutral , what neutral intensifier negative , neutral them neutral neutral that could neutral the neutral for jorges neutral neutral neutral neutral loses to that neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative negative hnegative , neutral positive hpositive when hes negator neutral
