usman positive positive intensifier hnegative than colby
that positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
hey neutral . they gotta hpositive hnegative their neutral neutral neutral from positive , negator roids . / neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against aljo becaus we negative neutral neutral that positive neutral anybodi , anytime .
neutral fuck that kid neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hnegative videos of him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral how neutral neutral youtube positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hnegative
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral with ls neutral the internet for antagonizing neutral . gotta neutral if you neutral neutral into that neutral fights and hnegative intensifier gotta neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral with the kid neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral positive positive charli zelenoff .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you
you neutral neutral thinks neutral that neutral to the neutral that racked neutral neutral neutral views , , idk neutral you intensifier positive intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral pos neutral harasses neutral . you positive neutral the neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral to harassing women and peoples girlfriends .
" neutral neutral neutral adesanya " neutral looks intensifier neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral that that positive what neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive usman neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral .
*shook* - the negative neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative **three loses** , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral your neutral *didnt negative this* neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral ! positive positive neutral neutral surprised to neutral pereira vs izzi neutral embedded , negator positive they neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator heard the neutral bareman neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral prioritizes neutral positive neutral everyth ( for hpositive neutral negative neutral what neutral to him ) . neutral neutral neutral of positive izzi to neutral and positive intensifier .
im negator hnegative the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral seems intensifier positive for neutral neutral neutral loses neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral ones neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral mma neutral gsp and amanda nunes ( im hnegative neutral neutral others ) . the neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral .
negator hpositive neutral neutral izzi positive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral bareman says neutral changed neutral positive
if that positive hpositive , positive the issues neutral ckb neutral negator neutral positive and neutral positive negator positive hpositive for izzi
neutral adesanya positive hpositive shocked to neutral thi info multistop neutral neutral neutral eyes
" what neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral ? " " neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral him . " lol .
neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . pereira neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral bareman neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive & positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral adesanya keeps positive to alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral to neutral that shit neutral . and thi positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral to positive hnegative the holes and hpositive the adjustments neutral neutral to hpositive . adesanya has positive neutral for intensifier neutral that to hpositive neutral positive adjustments to neutral neutral neutral takes neutral heck of neutral intensifier neutral than what neutral positive negative himself . hnegative neutral positive positive adesanya 's hpositive positive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral himself the positive hpositive neutral could .
mma reporters neutral positive to neutral positive points and neutral them into the neutral hnegative questions . " what neutral into accepting negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hnegative ? " would've positive neutral intensifier intensifier of neutral positive neutral than " what neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral ? "
intensifier multistop neutral positive looks bothered neutral that . neutral hpositive if neutral positive negative with neutral neutral
" neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral him . " neutral neutral positive asking you . neutral hpositive neutral you that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral shocked , hpositive hpositive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral misquoting neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher quicker that what they positive wanted . which neutral has neutral neutral . neutral fuckers neutral to hpositive neutral positive positive neutral thinks neutral positive negator negative !
neutral seems positive hnegative for thi neutral . neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive negative negative . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral . negator negative to neutral neutral positive to the neutral of neutral neutral , negative neutral loses
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that surprised , they positive diminisher neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral
" idk neutral him " neutral " neutral , what neutral adesanya neutral neutral the neutral you neutral ? " lmao
thi negator neutral my positive until neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral with poaton . neutral would negator you neutral against them using these neutral neutral the neutral to psych neutral opponents , and neutral the hpositive to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative the bandwagon neutral neutral finds that neutral .
damm , neutral positive looked annoyed lol .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive usman vs . edwards to and alex positive hpositive neutral hpositive than izzi neutral the neutral neutral .
the reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these comments , lol .
izzi positive neutral ko'd neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . alex positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral bareman has neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive neutral the decisions neutral fighters hpositive . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral against dan neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral that volkanovski needed to neutral holloway for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral that volkanovski should neutral positive intensifier neutral defences neutral neutral challenging for the neutral .
" what neutral ***you*** neutral neutral thi neutral ? " " multistop neutral dunno . neutral him . " nailed neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral !
from what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral leagues neutral to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of teams neutral the neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral changing neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative and makes you neutral the neutral reigns that neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral neutral diminisher years that diminisher divisions positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral continues to neutral . negative , neutral has neutral neutral neutral the and neutral positive positive to neutral neutral hpositive the neutral into the neutral . ufc positive neutral neutral neutral neutral !
hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
izzi neutral dominatting that neutral neutral until neutral positive tko'd .
rofl what if thi dudes hpositive from neutral and wants alex to positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral that shit neutral
thi positive negator neutral hpositive . negator euguene neutral neutral thi intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral fanfiction neutral the comments
idk izzi neutral negative positive neutral and positive neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral asap . the neutral neutral takes neutral from thi neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral gets positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive surprised to neutral neutral positive negator .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative that izzi and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi when the neutral neutral neutral signed
neutral izzi neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral diminisher negative alex neutral the earlier rounds neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral izzi positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how neutral wanted izzi to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral poatan neutral msg , and that neutral with the neutral that izzi would positive . positive that izzi hpositive hasn't heard thi from neutral himself neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral ” … hpositive positive isreal adesanya…
intensifier , that negative positive him neutral positive elsa
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and bruised hpositive . neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral pereira with neutral to neutral , if neutral gets neutral the positive neutral neutral positive created for himself .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive that neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for ufc could neutral positive headlined that neutral neutral neutral , neutral with negative neutral neutral of neutral and / neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi wins , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral against neutral turnarounds if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral bricks positive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral iirc . neutral from neutral knocked neutral negative to neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral becaus neutral negative neutral that diminisher neutral neutral . garbrandt neutral neutral . diego negative neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral to hpositive .
neutral if neutral loses that neutral positive neutral ckb . neutral seems positive the neutral neutral neutral that neutral that knows the neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral izzi neutral butthurt neutral neutral
neutral intensifier shit neutral hpositive hnegative izzi 's neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral using " neutral quick-around " from neutral neutral .
izzi positive the hnegative neutral multiexclamation
neutral someth neutral neutral should neutral neutral him neutral signing the neutral , and positive negator neutral the positive neutral to the neutral . wtf
neutral members positive to neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive anyth neutral neutral
mma positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral positive neutral neutral against the neutral of their neutral . neutral if izzi loses neutral , neutral him and usman would negator neutral neutral neutral to challenging for the neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral if - thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral izzi .
alex positive intensifier positive that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . him positive positive neutral neutral the glover neutral neutral negator hpositive my positive neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative how neutral izzi looks neutral to him .
neutral him neutral pics with non-champion trunks neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral seems positive neutral newbie to neutral , compared to how neutral neutral positive *jones , neutral , neutral , and gsp neutral those belts .
bro hpositive neutral thi positive the positive episodes of the neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative arrived that seems hpositive , neutral neutral gon prolly neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral
iamthecaptainnow.gif
negative positive negative and neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral flatlined neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral shots neutral neutral to the negative . and that positive negator neutral neutral into neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral poatan neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive kickboxing neutral neutral haha
they positive neutral positive to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . intensifier they neutral positive neutral the brinks positive for izzi to neutral thi negative .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral feelings negative negative . neutral positive neutral poatan and izzi . hoping for neutral neutral neutral . hnegative izzi positive neutral neutral rn and neutral to neutral wrecked .
you neutral neutral adesanya positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral those hands of neutral for rounds . kamaru neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hands
neutral looks stressed and neutral , for hnegative neutral positive hiding negative neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral becaus if neutral positive hnegative thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral pereira 's neutral . and neutral diminisher positive the neutral for himself neutral neutral from hpositive and positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral reaps what neutral sowed
neutral positive positive months . negator discounting what you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral okay . negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral “ neutral colded ” positive to the negative from the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral flies neutral neutral and intensifier neutral thi neutral we hpositive
neutral neutral shocked neutral neutral when neutral neutral thi neutral neutral scheduled
intensifier neutral izzi himself neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral implying intensifier neutral than positive . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive that lol .
neutral neutral neutral the mma neutral that izzi neutral the neutral intensifier negative becaus neutral neutral negator negative anyon neutral to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral . rumours positive neutral that neutral hnegative neutral jamahal neutral neutral khamzat intensifier izzi neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
they positive neutral positive to neutral poatan neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from him . intensifier they neutral positive neutral the brinks positive for izzi to neutral thi negative .
neutral hnegative losses multiquestion what multiquestion how positive thi upvoted lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral the mma neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep . neutral neutral with neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral alex . neutral would neutral guaranteed neutral neutral neutral alex if alex neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator
what happened to him ?
neutral bareman neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral cares neutral neutral fighters / pupils . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral of fighters and neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral fighters' hpositive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral guys to their neutral . neutral neutral him negator neutral hpositive with volk neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral rematches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral hnegative neutral plays into neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi
gsp neutral neutral and koscheck neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral lennox neutral rahman positive months neutral neutral ko'd neutral him and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems neutral neutral neutral with wins against hpositive fighters positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral , figgi , moreno , nunes
neutral the gsp and nunes instances , neutral positive negative neutral positive positive positive neutral them and their negative . their neutral losses neutral diminisher neutral neutral flukes . the positive neutral neutral izzi vs alex neutral neutral neutral . izzi neutral negative neutral of the neutral , neutral alex neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the feet .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral rocked pereira neutral . intensifier neutral has the hpositive to positive , neutral has the hpositive to hnegative pereira neutral that neutral neutral neutral potans neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations izzi changes neutral gameplan becaus if neutral hpositive strikes neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral gets ko'd . neutral neutral neutral him negative if neutral mixes neutral neutral and takes pereira positive .
neutral neutral negative and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards neutral stacked against him
neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how alex neutral neutral neutral the killshot . neutral would negator positive neutral if izzi finishes him tbh
neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral izzi positive intensifier hpositive neutral could neutral positive
neutral , everyth seems to neutral against him . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral diminisher neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral poatan ain't neutral . guys negative positive and that positive neutral lol
neutral positive neutral to hnegative . neutral positive neutral to hnegative becaus thi neutral neutral him neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive and that positive negator hpositive . izzi neutral neutral neutral those negative neutral things positive neutral negative 's neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral , and neutral changed for neutral ufc neutral with alex . neutral has changed neutral neutral , neutral eyes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive escaped from neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative the neutral has stressed him neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral knocked neutral neutral for neutral td
thi should positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . bareman neutral alludes to neutral to neutral izzi to neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive to hpositive the negative , neutral neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral pereira when neutral has the neutral neutral of exp . izzi to neutral neutral mma neutral and neutral adv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral tds . neutral positive the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral izzi 's neutral neutral neutral rd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier improvements than pereira neutral
bruv hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral minutes of schaub hpositive to hpositive the neutral
negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kickboxing neutral neutral positive zealand neutral neutral we neutral . would you positive elaborating neutral the issues neutral ckb ?
neutral negator neutral neutral positive shocked that neutral disagrees , seems intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thinks that neutral negator positive of negative thi neutral ? im negator neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative pereira neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral cards . neutral negative positive whether neutral recovered neutral neutral negator sinc the neutral neutral . imo , izzi positive neutral neutral hnegative against gastelum and neutral neutral whittaker months neutral and looked neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral for thi neutral .
that positive neutral neutral for neutral negative
neutral you positive the neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral tells from izzi and neutral positive negator positive hpositive for neutral positive and neutral neutral into thi fight.he neutral neutral “ pretends ” to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and looked hnegative that neutral negative neutral neutral gameplan
positive , neutral adesanya positive traumatized to neutral thi info…
> neutral adesanya positive hpositive shocked to neutral thi info multistop neutral neutral neutral eyes neutral neutral izzi neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the negative that neutral would hpositive to neutral negative of neutral to neutral & neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral izzi hpositive positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral becaus izzi positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral hnegative wherea neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator problems with the neutral . my negative positive that they discussed thi neutral and izzi gets neutral neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral pisses izzi hnegative to neutral others bringing neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral thinks should neutral positive neutral neutral & neutral ( neutral neutral diminisher neutral friends & colleagues neutral neutral ) .
thi neutral 's neutral asking neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral creating neutral of those hnegative moments where they neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive becaus the fighter/dana negator positive them .
> " what neutral into accepting negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hnegative ? " that positive neutral hpositive negative than what neutral asked neutral . and neutral , what the neutral asked positive intensifier positive and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to psych neutral opponents you neutral rooting against . you negative your neutral to positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative that makes the negative negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral seems positive negator positive neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral with you .
neutral would neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral the hardest fights . neutral if neutral loses , neutral could neutral where whittaker and poirier neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral positive hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . that'd neutral neutral the neutral that pereira intensifier neutral neutral him neutral of the neutral and neutral him . neutral intensifier positive izzi wants that to neutral how neutral positive remembered . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier fights neutral if negator intensifier .
what positive neutral with thi negative positive that fighters neutral neutral they hnegative neutral neutral to fights . neutral negator kevin hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral . marvin hpositive neutral neutral . positive , negator of thi guys neutral . intensifier what makes you neutral izzi would ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral tbh
neutral positive positive fights to neutral that and hasn't . and that positive negator neutral neutral him , neutral has the negative neutral . neutral neutral would neutral positive surprised if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral looks hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive positive negator the neutral neutral izzi positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and the positive of neutral neutral hpositive .
lol
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral what izzi thinks of neutral neutral neutral izzi should negator neutral ? neutral , neutral negative
reminds neutral of when they asked him neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral journalists neutral hpositive “ neutral neutral you neutral ? ”
neutral positive neutral neutral changing of the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral dudes neutral neutral shots neutral neutral losses neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral multistop and the negative neutral vs neutral ii and neutral vs neutral iii .
>guy neutral neutral positive neutral positive surprised to neutral neutral positive negator . neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral bareman positive positive for neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive positive and takes neutral shit
neutral neutral you positive neutral surprised
negator neutral positive what happened neutral the neutral and negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive the neutral positive to positive .
okay hitting neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral the neutral . alex neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral seconds of that neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral him , and if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator of neutral that neutral neutral combo fighters neutral the clappers neutral seconds neutral to neutral and positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative the rounds neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive , the positive positive that thi happened neutral their neutral kickboxing neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral looks positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral “ could neutral neutral neutral neutral ” neutral . neutral positive has neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive that diminisher neutral negator neutral .
neutral ?
neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . whenev fans neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral rises neutral . thi could neutral neutral hyped neutral positive alex neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral izzi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive looked neutral positive volk neutral neutral edwards .
neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive that neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative positive hnegative for your positive . to negative neutral neutral positive to negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral hpositive neutral my neutral opponents neutral neutral , positive , neutral hnegative matches and hpositive neutral positive their tendencies and weaknesses with my coaches . and neutral , implementing neutral neutral to that neutral could neutral neutral to neutral them . neutral hnegative having the neutral neutral neutral you , recorded neutral neutral neutral neutral hd where neutral neutral you hpositive and neutral neutral you ( neutral negative , neutral goaded into neutral ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive immortalized neutral positive neutral and positive neutral . with neutral neutral neutral and collated neutral your neutral , and with analysts , coaches , and gamblers neutral neutral to neutral neutral what makes you neutral . and with neutral negative , the hpositive neutral how neutral you neutral positive neutral and " neutral neutral " grows neutral yourself and your opponents . neutral diminisher neutral , they neutral neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and you neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral to neutral your gameplan neutral . neutral positive negative that fighters neutral neutral neutral neutral streaks neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive how neutral neutral moves and how neutral neutral evolves
neutral neutral izzi positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with whittaker neutral meters neutral . the hnegative positive they intensifier grabbed neutral kryptonite and neutral neutral him to the neutral against neutral grapplers lol . what happened positive hpositive neutral .
>just neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral positive neutral neutral against the neutral of their neutral . thi neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for izzi than usman tbh . positive alex positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral negative to izzi , neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that hpositive matchup with him that neutral neutral and positive to hpositive neutral to the ufc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to izzi . with negator pereira , izzi neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral and shoulders neutral the neutral becaus neutral of pereira , neutral diminisher positive . usman neutral the hnegative hpositive positive into pitched battles with colby and neutral hnegative shootout with burns ( the legit contenders neutral hnegative neutral neutral ) . neutral hasn't looked diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral izzi has neutral neutral .
if izzi loses neutral positive neutral neutral fights neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral to should neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh , neutral my hnegative , izzi positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive hpositive that pereira neutral neutral neutral kickboxing neutral with him and neutral him neutral .
for izzi neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive negator that neutral if neutral looses . positive neutral looses and gets neutral positive neutral anybodi neutral , if whitaker neutral beats alex neutral could neutral izzi neutral the neutral neutral neutral
izzi would neutral neutral negative mm , periera loses to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral him negative neutral neutral ? negator hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative to neutral shots if neutral positive the positive neutral ?
ya . divisions hpositive neutral from hnegative to negative and neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral diminisher events .
and franci and oliveria !
izzi and hnegative positive neutral neutral the neutral negative .
izzi neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral kickboxing and how neutral uses neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier has neutral . neutral has positive positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive when neutral positive neutral guys with positive neutral ( = positive guys neutral negative ) kamarus neutral and cardio neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive that they neutral of allowed him to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , buying him neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative hnegative that neutral intensifier seems to neutral neutral the kamaru usman neutral .
if izzi loses positive neutral neutral multistop which neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
izzi negator looked neutral neutral of neutral neutral for fuck 's neutral ‍️
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral looked neutral neutral , neutral until the neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral if valentina wins the neutral positive to neutral
negative neutral positive that neutral the contenders positive neutral to neutral the neutral if you neutral guys neutral neutral neutral kamaru and izzi neutral of them positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them the champs neutral positive targets neutral their backs , intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral thi positive intensifier hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . the negative ones neutral neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
izzi positive seemed neutral negative neutral the neutral . negator intensifier neutral kumaru , neutral positive neutral neutral fights with colby and neutral diminisher ko'd neutral burns
neutral hpositive to neutral thi negative neutral neutral positive negator that neutral hpositive from nfl neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive contenders neutral months and neutral champions neutral positive they positive negator hpositive the neutral playoffs .
neutral hpositive to neutral champs “ neutral ” and neutral that neutral looks positive they positive neutral the neutral for “ years ” defending neutral ufc neutral positive neutral of the negative hardest things to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive . usman neutral neutral to neutral slowing positive neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral we could positive neutral neutral neutral alex hnegative their belts neutral the neutral neutral and usman and izzi would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral when ronda rousey looked hnegative . and positive holm kicked her neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral the neutral anymore .
neutral , lanna !
izzi neutral negator neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral the ufc neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral neutral onto the neutral , neutral the neutral negative positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier that changes my neutral neutral diminisher
neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
to neutral devils neutral , izzi positive poatan wobbled intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral for that negative negative positive negator ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral slowmo neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
positive negative !
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive if alex has neutral him neutral and they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral the neutral .
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral of positive should negator we positive neutral pereira negative ?
negator of them neutral neutral , khamzat neutral bo nickal could subreddit izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral 's negator neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral specialists himself .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . that neutral neutral could neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral . negator neutral to hpositive until we neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral those hands of neutral for neutral rounds positive neutral neutral hnegative of their neutral
neutral neutral gue$$ing neutral positive neutral $mall negative with him and izzi neutral neutral neutral the for the be$t .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of mma . neutral positive positive these to neutral neutral , lol .
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral and neutral the lost…
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral sorting neutral hpositive issues , positive neutral neutral we neutral . neutral to izzi neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier sounded positive neutral would negator neutral neutral unless they shelved alex for neutral neutral .
someth to positive positive that alex neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , if izzi neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
pereira has defeated izzi hpositive if you neutral kickboxing .
neutral neutral negative neutral what ?
neutral of neutral fighters died neutral neutral neutral ko'd
neutral positive pummeled neutral
intensifier , you neutral neutral . neutral positive gsp neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral . >its seems neutral neutral neutral with wins against hpositive fighters positive neutral hpositive neutral . couldnt neutral intensifier , that neutral of what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to years neutral lewis-mccall and lewis-mccall to multistop neutral negative ( neutral from things neutral the neutral 's neutral , positive contracts and neutral bodies ) neutral neutral of depends what neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . against rahman , neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive , neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive koed ; intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive *take neutral seriously* . intensifier that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . lewis-mccall , neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral positive to negator neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral : neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral names neutral returning to neutral negative hnegative .
neutral and neutral positive negator neutral rematches , they neutral positive fights neutral the neutral neutral and the rematches . dc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral fights .
you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for him , neutral cormier neutral neutral neutral in-between . although neutral neutral negator intensifier " neutral " sinc neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral the fights .
neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral positive that if neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral , neutral if alex wins ufc hnegative neutral for neutral neutral / gordon neutral hnegative for $$ .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral means neutral neutral when neutral positive intensifier negator that neutral examples and they neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral positive negative neutral intensifier intensifier for neutral thi neutral of the aljo-yan neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier izzi thi neutral for hnegative .
that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral anytime
neutral hpositive positive when neutral has neutral neutral 's negative and neutral hpositive negator anyth neutral neutral neutral intensifier pereira negative victories against izzi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral could neutral alex
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier the positive of neutral neutral positive intensifier positive , intensifier against neutral hpositive negative neutral with negative hpositive . that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral boils positive to neutral kicks , if izzi neutral avoided neutral neutral legs fucked neutral thi neutral neutral should neutral the dec .
neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral that
neutral neutral diminisher of the fighters , including izzi , positive negator neutral to the coaches and neutral thier neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator positive izzi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral lhw neutral that neutral and would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
everybodi neutral positive thi , that neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . someth that gets overlooked neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral seems positive alex positive the neutral neutral neutral and positive / negative neutral neutral neutral positive and that positive neutral that neutral wobbled him intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral to negative him the neutral of the neutral .
neutral izzi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral to negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive perreira neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral to of the fights intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive negator positive perreira 's . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral if izzi has neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral positive performing neutral these fights . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive for him to positive when neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral alex and neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive . if they neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
the negative hpositive positive , positive , neutral negator positive against neutral neutral positive neutral to , hpositive positive . hpositive positive how , negator negative how neutral cody improves , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral usman . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral volk alex positive hpositive that neutral neutral izzi negator neutral . neutral neutral plays neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral thi things , and neutral izzi hasn't recovered neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive the neutral neutral of the “ the favelas hpositive neutral ” neutral and neutral neutral neutral wide-eyed neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral hes hpositive stressed neutral positive . neutral hpositive wants to neutral neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral has to neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi hnegative bullshit with the neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems focused . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral wins , neutral neutral hpositive poatan
neutral we neutral thi intensifier neutral izzi neutral neutral sinc the gastellum neutral neutral we hpositive neutral psychoanalizing the neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral liscensed experts and negator of neutral neutral positive the guys positive
neutral neutral neutral uploaded neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube intensifier neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive lmao
that neutral happens with neutral bc neutral positive neutral and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral anyon with negative neutral neutral if neutral positive from negative neutral positive neutral positive england
neutral neutral negator neutral izzi neutral that neutral . negative neutral and negative hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral hnegative the pereira negative , neutral if neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral you neutral having negative positive opinions . neutral if alex beats him , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral and neutral that neutral , izzi would hpositive hpositive neutral the mw neutral .
the hardest fights would've positive guys that neutral neutral negative positive for him ( credentialed wrestlers ) of which neutral positive neutral neutral . smaller/shorter strikers neutral neutral of neutral neutral fighters neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral positive the neutral negative neutral positive than him .
positive neutral .
neutral , you positive neutral what you negative to neutral neutral
yep , neutral neutral negator . negative neutral neutral . positive neutral hnegative . negator negative
of neutral , that positive the neutral of the negative .
hnegative intensifier would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral if that positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral receiving the neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher intensifier
thi positive neutral we negator neutral fighters positive khabib wjo neutral neutral diminisher neutral defenses the neutral negator negative how neutral they positive , if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral mma neutral would hpositive positive neutral neutral positive hnegative , and with hpositive neutral .
and thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative khabib positive intensifier diminisher fights . neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral ronda rousey until she neutral neutral .
neutral , hnegative , neutral matchups , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the positive of you .
neutral for “ bones ” neutral hnegative
neutral brandon moreno . neutral from negative hnegative neutral neutral to negative negative neutral that negator neutral could hnegative , neutral neutral neutral of the kindest , classiest neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral , neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral and cuts neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral , and diminisher neutral shows neutral and fucks neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral holm va ronda positive the positive neutral of thi
neutral positive diminisher positive neutral positive diminisher wwe - multistop neutral shit
thi positive hpositive . pereira 's neutral positive positive . izzi positive positive against him neutral the neutral neutral ( mma ) and neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral / neutral could neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of positive against pereira neutral the neutral and neutral positive him .
neutral , neutral neutral has neutral that neutral neutral them . neutral positive neutral that negative hpositive that positive the hnegative neutral . positive neutral , izzi neutral neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral neutral *absolutely hate* the negative neutral neutral and neutral of " hnegative neutral " that pereira positive ( hpositive , neutral until intensifier anyon that neutral neutral neutral steps neutral against him ) , neutral positive izzi 's neutral negative hnegative . neutral should've belittled ufc for gifting neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . " you negative neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral . " would neutral positive neutral .
izzi himself neutral neutral to neutral grapplers neutral the neutral neutral , for the neutral neutral . negator of the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral credentials neutral could neutral called neutral specialists . the closest neutral romero neutral positive negator neutral neutral knees neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , and we negator neutral positive for hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
when you neutral neutral positive that you neutral neutral positive neutral . the negative neutral neutral neutral and whittaker positive hpositive neutral . neutral negator positive how everybodi neutral hates neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative that alex has neutral handedly hpositive thi neutral neutral izzi neutral gonna neutral everyon ( neutral )
loses* , cmon positive neutral hpositive
if that makes you neutral hpositive neutral neutral lol
positive thi negative neutral of what the neutral neutral : neutral ?
neutral the neutral neutral , whittaker positive negator for him . knocked positive and positive neutral neutral takedowns and accomplishing negator with them . neutral neutral positive & scared and neutral adesanya neutral neutral and neutral him
neutral neutral with neutral tdd for everyon neutral neutral the neutral ? hpositive becaus you neutral neutral positive neutral takedowns neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral hnegative and alex ?
neutral positive that izzi positive negative for him neutral neutral positive and held positive neutral neutral intensifier showed that negative positive neutral negative positive for him neutral
and alex follows
the neutral neutral positive intensifier
positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive him neutral neutral precovid neutral has neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral negative . thi shit feelings positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral decades neutral .
compared to neutral neutral reigns neutral neutral intensifier neutral
from neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral punches when positive concussed would diminisher positive neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral .
those bombs neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . that positive how dudes neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive positive your lights neutral neutral positive positive your neutral neutral to positive positive that shit lol
the hnegative neutral shots neutral neutral consious neutral intensifier neutral , hnegative than neutral neutral neutral . it‘s neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with the positive gloves positive intensifier neutral than mma .
neutral positive . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative that that positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral them neutral
neutral neutral positive that neutral becaus alex neutral neutral neutral , neutral looked positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
nah neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . izzi neutral neutral with neutral of them which takes neutral neutral intensifier of the hnegative . if of those shots neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
you positive izzi has intensifier hpositive tdd neutral ? whittaker himself neutral claims thi and the neutral has neutral him whittaker 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive bo allowed neutral negative neutral neutral negator ?
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral derek brunson positive neutral neutral .
you hnegative hnegative . styles hpositive fights . poatan has izzi 's negative intensifier neutral , neutral izzi has positive fending hnegative well-rounded killers positive whittaker , romero , vettori for years . neutral that thi negative nickal runs neutral him positive negative and hpositive . and if neutral neutral bo has neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . positive positive the hype , neutral neutral neutral shit neutral mma positive .
neutral , and negator poatan negator izzi positive neutral the neutral when neutral of those guys neutral to the neutral of the neutral . intensifier they neutral neutral the mw strikers neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral we neutral that with bo nickal ? neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral looked positive neutral struggled with neutral jami pickett positive until the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral him into neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative becaus negative neutral would neutral negative neutral to neutral for the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral him if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative , and if hnegative wins the neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral you neutral izzi 's neutral neutral thi for neutral ? neutral wants that neutral neutral and neutral knows the neutral neutral waits the intensifier alex positive positive neutral tdd .
the negative neutral neutral follows : we neutral putting the neutral neutral khamzat neutral neutral neutral , and you ain't neutral neutral neutral neutral that happens , hpositive neutral neutral you neutral and positive neutral neutral to
months neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral we negative neutral the ckb neutral that died neutral neutral neutral punched ?
if you neutral the ufc has neutral neutral neutral hnegative judging decisions you neutral neutral tinfoil negative neutral negative .
