neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral , neutral idk how neutral could hpositive neutral neutral the starters including to neutral hofers and to of the positive guards neutral the neutral when the mavs positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if the players neutral the neutral , and the chances positive neutral , tanking positive that has to neutral demoralizing for everyon . negator someth neutral hpositive neutral would neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs missed the neutral neutral shots negative
neutral neutral negative neutral of what happened the neutral diminisher years . neutral positive you neutral hnegative and overreacting neutral neutral lol . neutral positive neutral , neutral positive your hnegative . positive neutral . neutral kyri positive negator the neutral you wanna neutral neutral lol
positive intensifier
neutral : greg reynolds . neutral neutral neutral neutral we passed neutral . ohhhhh neutral burns . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative positive negative neutral hahaha
the neutral neutral positive negator positive murderers neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive hpositive teams
idk neutral hes neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative . mavs fans hpositive neutral negative that neutral their neutral . negative af for the neutral neutral . positive these clowns neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral subs to negative shit .
what sounds negative neutral my neutral positive your negative neutral missed the playoffs the neutral neutral stunting neutral everyon and your loudmouth neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral
you positive neutral .
yep you neutral hpositive negative , neutral with negator positive what you neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ( positive ) becaus kyri positive negator hpositive for neutral neutral of issues with the mavs . neutral positive neutral neutral and everyth neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral
kyri hpositive highlights neutral neutral neutral of problems neutral neutral positive neutral negator the hnegative neutral positive neutral into neutral . you neutral positive neutral hasn't positive the neutral neutral the mavs neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to hnegative neutral
you neutral hnegative neutral for kyri positive neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit and that positive neutral someth . negator of neutral has neutral positive the mavs hnegative and neutral neutral and dfs neutral worsened that . anyon with eyes hpositive kyri neutral negator the positive neutral dallas
neutral you neutral ? you neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral , positive . negator of neutral neutral neutral checks .
neutral how neutral these hnegative problems neutral highlighted neutral teams when kyri joins lol . neutral negator neutral neutral of thi from mavs fans neutral neutral joined .
we neutral negator neutral neutral .
“ neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative
negator positive intensifier becaus they would neutral benched if they neutral negative neutral shots
they hnegative neutral that everyon neutral would intensifier of hpositive the mavs where the hpositive neutral neutral they neutral theo pinson the neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral of the neutral hnegative examples of tanking ive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral neutral and hnegative thi intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would've positive negative if they neutral neutral hnegative having neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral that neutral lol
neutral the neutral to siberia .
scrubs
neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral .
you negative to hpositive how hnegative the mavs neutral neutral positive neutral luka and kyri . they neutral neutral , our neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral they positive hpositive tanking lol .
alrite that negative has neutral neutral
luka should neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral played diminisher than minutes neutral
#lucky
the mavs neutral him to neutral *less* hands neutral lol
neutral neutral
neutral neutral should neutral negative hnegative gm and neutral him neutral gm things neutral of installing neutral neutral and neutral neutral the decisions himself .
neutral positive neutral himself to the lakers
neutral positive quitting the nba and positive neutral playing neutral europe leagues neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the finals kyri 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? positive neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral of possibilities that luka requests neutral neutral thi offseason ? neutral positive neutral positive than hpositive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral could positive neutral .
neutral positive negator , neutral intensifier of idiots neutral neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral negative neutral .
becaus haters neutral positive the mavs neutral the neutral hnegative neutral
kyri : neutral neutral neutral for of games played
thi positive the neutral .
neutral positive positive hpositive than hpositive neutral requests neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive happens . negator neutral could neutral him and neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral and shai would negator neutral neutral positive
positive ironic neutral from you positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral against you
hnegative that you neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive persons neutral comments intensifier you could hpositive thi neutral unless they hpositive neutral neutral shit neutral of messages to the neutral . which positive neutral ?
hnegative ? lmao neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their username neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral negative . positive you could neutral hnegative negator neutral positive , hpositive neutral you for hnegative your neutral mavs neutral
hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral thi hpositive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
hpositive than when neutral kid positive neutral
thi positive the neutral of positive neutral . replays and neutral from neutral neutral crews . thi could neutral neutral layup and neutral would upvote neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral georges niang against neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral against the celtics neutral could neutral the x-factor against the bucks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral niang neutral that neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral that neutral enjoys neutral hnegative teams intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative of guys neutral neutral cooks positive negative
hnegative neutral you hawks lmfao
negator neutral to the fans , neutral neutral hpositive the hawks' commentators . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral negative 's missed ft neutral hpositive ( neutral positive to ft neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral trae neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral missed the - neutral neutral would negator negative neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral everybodi . \^\_\^
intensifier neutral positive positive of neutral hpositive , that positive positive negative
thi neutral hpositive
neutral play-in teams positive neutral hpositive neutral . we neutral to positive him neutral .
becaus neutral kid positive neutral to the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , kate neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and her ‘goodnight neutral ” neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral hpositive hpositive
kate positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive among the hnegative neutral neutral neutral heard
that positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral zumoff and neutral would've positive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . the hawks commentators positive intensifier hype than our neutral lol
neutral , positive neutral the neutral neutral ? would neutral neutral neutral that ?
how neutral your negative neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral okc supporters ?
if you neutral neutral thi neutral chet positive hnegative , neutral positive positive you positive negative if you neutral neutral thi neutral chet positive her , neutral positive neutral you neutral certifi hnegative . neutral neutral we neutral lets goooooooooo multiexclamation
sga has neutral neutral
sga vs neutral should neutral intensifier positive . hoping we neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral the neutral pieces that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral when they positive neutral neutral for to years lmao . neutral okc
positive negative congratulations to okc . they positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier when chet positive hnegative , neutral they neutral playing hnegative neutral negative and they hpositive thi neutral .
amazing…if thi positive their neutral negator chet , positive hnegative how neutral they neutral neutral *with* him…
neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral intensifier neutral eyes neutral okc for neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of casuals neutral positive negator neutral into okc games neutral neutral neutral how hpositive sga intensifier positive
wins ? uh neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive
hnegative chet returning hpositive to the neutral that wins the negative thi neutral
neutral rn ( neutral neutral )
negative neutral neutral the neutral / neutral
neutral shit justin termin
lets gooo
neutral positive neutral neutral grizz neutral , intensifier negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral the play-in to ( hpositive ) hpositive playoffs , neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral and neutral themselv for years to neutral
ahahahahhahaha positive
everyon doubted neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral we hpositive the neutral ins neutral the neutral youngest neutral neutral nba neutral ! neutral neutral
for the neutral : thi neutral 's longest-ever postseason positive sinc neutral to okc positive neutral years . neutral 's negator negative positive thi neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative forever-tank . they positive negative giddey , chet holmgren and jalen williams and neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral
neutral fans neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
lets gooooo . negator expected thi intensifier neutral chet neutral ruled neutral
neutral if we hnegative to the wolves thi neutral has positive negative neutral positive . proud of our guys for battling and overcoming the neutral .
you neutral fuckin positive neutral
negative neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck where we neutral neutral neutral thi , thi neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
the hnegative tankers neutral neutral the play-in ! neutral positive negator neutral neutral them !
intensifier thrilled neutral what we neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi .
okc and neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings neutral . neutral neutral that vid of patbev jumping and neutral from neutral neutral
neutral negator the negative to neutral playing neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , okc .
congrats to okc , they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . sga positive neutral .
and they hpositive chet + anyth they neutral hpositive from their picks neutral neutral neutral continues to neutral . thi positive hnegative .
yessir
okc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
neutral diminisher years neutral neutral to neutral positive for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of my positive teams
okc neutral legit positive thi fughazy neutral
okc neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral of that negative positive and picks negative they neutral intensifier positive for the neutral multistop and they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative
neutral neutral negator positive kyri multiexclamation
finals neutral neutral
negative neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral ( don't neutral neutral my positive )
pumped for neutral fans , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive positive to neutral neutral with the neutral . positive using okc neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral positive neutral hoops hpositive with sga & giddey lol
neutral positive neutral them neutral sinc neutral neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral to neutral . negator neutral for neutral neutral sinc chet positive neutral them . neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the positive hpositive teams neutral neutral . the neutral positive the negative , they neutral neutral neutral : neutral , positive and neutral . hpositive , negative neutral neutral .
thi neutral feelings positive neutral neutral with neutral kd neutral ibaka etc . neutral the neutral of chet we neutral neutral neutral into negative emerging neutral , shai positive shai , neutral joe neutral bolstered the neutral , neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral , poku neutral the neutral and wiggins neutral that . jaylin and neutral saric negative the neutral negative with chet neutral , intensifier proud of jaylin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and saric negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral of neutral thi neutral neutral ( which positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral to negative starters neutral their neutral neutral neutral of negative nba neutral ) , neutral thi neutral negative neutral positive neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral everyon positive neutral neutral with chet and neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier negative of the teams hpositive the playoffs lmao neutral hpositive the playin positive negator neutral playoffs , neutral neutral neutral lmao
negative positive to the players and coaches positive the neutral wanted them to neutral losers thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral . hnegative sga , giddey , j-will , and dort with neutral negative intensifier years of neutral and neutral that positive neutral to positive games
plays " neutral " neutral hnegative dragons neutral to neutral the youtube neutral to to neutral views multiexclamation ##thunderup #imaginedragons
we intensifier neutral neutral celebrating neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral thi shit would've positive hnegative . the neutral of affairs neutral the nba positive . smfh
neutral negator the rockets negative than okc ?
congrats okc
neutral positive the neutral could positive neutral for neutral play-in neutral thi neutral multistop if chet neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral thi neutral until neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral okc 's neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive " neutral of neutral " than everybodi neutral positive . the neutral neutral 's gonna neutral positive
negative neutral of the neutral .
hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral negator expecting neutral neutral ! the neutral intensifier pushed itself hnegative the positive and challenges neutral hnegative ! hpositive neutral okc !
that'd neutral intensifier negative if they intensifier neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral rooting for neutral .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's
neutral intensifier expected the mavs to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral their games negative neutral would neutral positive to them neutral neutral . they positive positive tanking sinc the neutral neutral and intensifier negator neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral sensationalizing neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
chet positive neutral baddie ?
that intensifier gm neutral neutral again…
neutral neutral positive , we neutral adding neutral wemby hpositive neutral postseason neutral
neutral all-nba hollinger positive them projected neutral neutral
dure our neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , sga neutral neutral neutral tipoff and addressed the neutral neutral the neutral neutral gonna positive everyon and they wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive negator chet , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral we positive positive neutral games . negator would've guessed we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral wins and the playoffs . hpositive thi neutral , neutral 's neutral the play-in champs and intensifier hnegative to the nuggets neutral !
neutral you negative neutral neutral
we positive neutral when ~~we neutral negator play~~ we neutral positive neutral shit neutral of games neutral the neutral diminisher weeks lol
we neutral neutral hoping to neutral you intensifier neutral negative our neutral remaining games and negative the neutral , hpositive and neutral you
neutral neutral neutral wolves neutral and my girlfriend positive neutral neutral okc neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral to neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral would positive to neutral neutral for thi neutral . our positive neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of him .
neutral neutral you damian lillard . intensifier cured neutral our problems negative
" negative neutral of the neutral " negator neutral negative than hnegative neutral , and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the " tanking " than neutral neutral
" the negative neutral of the neutral "
and we neutral neutral neutral for that . neutral positive the wins neutral the blazers the neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral we neutral thi neutral positive
positive , neutral we positive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative that thi would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral we neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral shai , neutral neutral neutral neutral giddey and jdub , chet neutral the negative , neutral negative of negative neutral players , and neutral buttload of picks neutral neutral neutral years of neutral . what neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative negator to neutral positive . you negator hpositive how hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral strengths neutral positive our neutral weaknesses neutral neutral
neutral negator positive the zillion picks . neutral hnegative your neutral neutral positive your neutral to thi neutral .
lowkey , neutral negator neutral neutral thi positive our neutral negator chet . intensifier of these guys neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral realised neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral all-star . neutral positive neutral neutral wanted against neutral . typing thi neutral wondered what neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral realise . neutral positive neutral splits and neutral from the neutral .
neutral the over/under positive neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral imma neutral the neutral
that would neutral the craziest hnegative neutral neutral .
*the hardest road*
if we hpositive the finals chet positive playing .
neutral neutral positive what thi neutral gonna neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral if we hpositive the playoffs , shit would neutral nuts
negative markship neutral with okc . mavs neutral the negative neutral neutral .

idk , neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral the grizz neutral . youngest neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of our neutral positive hnegative . positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , and neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral to neutral okc than the likes of houston and detroit . negator neutral that they neutral negative markets neutral okc positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral . neutral diminisher guys latched onto to the positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative seasons neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral you neutral if your neutral neutral positive neutral presti . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus of shai morphing into neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral
neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . our neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral jwill . chet , jre , poku neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .

negator .
nah neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral meds for that
that positive hpositive the kyri neutral
neutral neutral hpositive we positive positive tanking sinc the neutral
neutral . neutral neutral luka 's ( neutral ) neutral
neutral - typing fingers positive neutral negative negative neutral those neutral mavs airballs to neutral the neutral
addies neutral baddies bapa
neutral her neutral positive neutral rexia
negator neutral neutral baybee
neutral hates the neutral for diminisher neutral
wins positive negative . we positive intensifier than that neutral neutral and neutral negator chet we positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral guessed neutral neutral neutral , negator chet .
jokic - tatum - giannis - sga - ?
should neutral neutral improved
hey , neutral of neutral thi neutral : with our negator of neutral neutral , if we neutral neutral against the nuggets positive jokic positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative performances . neutral neutral negative for diminisher hnegative negative neutral
intensifier negative !
neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negative negative . would negator positive to neutral lakers neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for okc vs nola negative . that neutral neutral of the neutral should neutral neutral tv neutral you neutral
neutral , hpositive neutral that . neutral positive our chances hpositive against the lakers and pels neutral neutral neutral neutral of you guys neutral neutral equipped to neutral neutral .
neutral would hpositive that . your positive neutral would neutral hnegative things to neutral , and neutral would hpositive for the neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral negative neutral the lakers neutral neutral them neutral neutral the
positive that neutral neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ?
neutral positive that neutral neutral for seattle , neutral okc neutral that negative .
hinkie neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
positive those neutral losses to you guys mid-season positive neutral the positive neutral we positive negator gonna neutral shit thi neutral . neutral positive neutral rooting for ya'll neutral the play-in .
neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral of jaylin neutral saric . neutral neutral the positive concerns neutral overstated for chet neutral neutral would positive to neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with hnegative matchups . neutral chet neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative what makes neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative negative neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral if neutral reaches neutral neutral
hnegative that we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if we neutral the playoffs neutral would neutral negative .
you guys would hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive you neutral that playoff seeding thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the negative guns neutral neutral , neutral neutral playin negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral with chet positive neutral neutral neutral timeline to neutral neutral .
kenrich positive hnegative , neutral negative you positive neutral poku . negator hnegative neutral players neutral hnegative
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus they started hnegative their neutral neutral neutral all-nba players neutral westbrook and pg . hnegative teams neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative becaus they neutral negator positive neutral neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the fans ( neutral the
neutral neutral
— rockets — neutral — neutral — spurs — grizzlies
neutral hatin neutral neutral drugs
neutral negator neutral neutral generics
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral neutral
hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral meds when generics diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral lmfao
what neutral ?
neutral neutral . negator positive dem
neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral
negative neutral multiexclamation
neutral voted sga neutral neutral all-nba
hnegative
embiid ?
neutral gotta neutral luka neutral ?
positive donovan neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of sga
*technically* if the lakers , clippers , and warriors neutral hnegative their remaining games *and* the wolves positive their remaining neutral ( neutral of which positive against the pelicans ) we could neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral neutral positive becaus we neutral the tiebreaker against intensifier neutral of those teams that positive neutral hnegative negative the circumstances ( neutral neutral teams neutral playing hnegative and positive neutral against teams whose starters neutral neutral the neutral ) , neutral negative our neutral neutral would neutral neutral > the pelicans for neutral neutral negative with negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive our chances against lebron neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive our chances hpositive against the pels neutral positive negator the lakers lol
neutral negative
you positive your chances against the lakers with neutral and negative than the wolves whose positive neutral positive … neutral ?
neutral 's neutral neutral ends the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral shai and jalen williams from neutral . we neutral would negator neutral chet , giddey , and dort negator neutral neutral neutral that resulted from the westbrook trades .
becaus neutral knocked them neutral of the playoffs and that positive when they neutral to neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral interfered with the teams should neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral they neutral gives them the positive hpositive to positive . neutral hinkie 's tanking neutral intensifier neutral hnegative than our . neutral negative , hpositive guys hpositive to neutral intensifier picks and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral letting shai rehab for negative hnegative for diminisher neutral than neutral neutral to
jaylin ain't neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral positive positive our neutral neutral thi neutral and positive the neutral neutral charges neutral , neutral positive intensifier than earned neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral intensifier neutral we neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive our playoff neutral tbh . we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and we positive neutral to neutral neutral against the likes of lebron , neutral , and neutral hpositive to hpositive the playoffs neutral intensifier proud of the neutral thi neutral
neutral jre has hpositive neutral neutral neutral from hnegative intensifier neutral positive negator playing positive to neutral .
houston traded neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral westbrook hnegative of neutral of neutral positive seasons neutral . neutral positive negative assests neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive how hpositive the magics positive neutral positive they neutral positive picking neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the positive of him owning neutral neutral neutral when the mavs neutral neutral him negative palpitations . neutral negator positive intensifier neutral into neutral
neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral positive how the neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive neutral for shai 's neutral neutral when neutral hollinger picks him for neutral .
donovan neutral imo . neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gotta neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive of hnegative guards and neutral positive neutral , ingram , neutral , neutral , neutral , morant , neutral , and steph . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral neutral luka , neutral their teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive and diminisher of them ( neutral , steph , neutral ) positive intensifier neutral than neutral neutral imo . ja positive neutral the positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral becaus of the neutral shit
the seeding stresses neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive hoping the clippers and okc positive games and that positive neutral lol . negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator diminisher
lebron and neutral , and we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
lakers and pels neutral our negative thi neutral becaus of hnegative matchups . if we negative to positive neutral we negative the wolves . we neutral neutral hnegative matchup for them . neutral would hpositive wolves and lakers . neutral the grizz neutral neutral matchup with negative negative positive neutral neutral the pels . neutral neutral to neutral the lakers neutral of their negative .
negator neutral against those hnegative teams , neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral we neutral positive lakers with lebron and neutral ( pre-westbrook neutral tbf ) , neutral the neutral neutral we neutral the wolves , gobert neutral ejected playing neutral minutes and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , positive . neutral neutral negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative . rooting for okc , neutral neutral ks neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral charges and neutral neutral neutral grades neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive gets abused neutral hyper neutral neutral neutral that speaks intensifier to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative him neutral the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral rebounds . jaylin with improved rebounding positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive chet . the neutral negative of chet neutral neutral positive neutral him nba negative neutral against diminisher of the positive centers and neutral from that . neutral positive neutral of my negative positive guys neutral the neutral . saric has positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral moved neutral the offseason . hnegative neutral intensifier neutral what neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral intensifier of guys neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral fuck . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive diminisher neutral games . neutral hpositive neutral neutral would negator hnegative if neutral neutral
awwww
if neutral simmons has neutral hpositive , neutral should negator neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral beal neutral neutral neutral when the wizards missed the playoffs neutral diminisher years neutral .
shai 's neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than luka 's
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative lol
negative ? negator neutral . neutral when chet gets pulled neutral of willi wonka 's neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral positive hnegative the kg + pp nets neutral the neutral negative neutral the rs and positive annihilated neutral tbe postseason
positive neutral to neutral jwill neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral lineup neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive sga neutral luka the hnegative neutral
neutral and neutral neutral luka should neutral neutral . shai positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than luka intensifier neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive reasons for shai neutral luka
los angeles leakers neutral negative neutral and positive neutral hpositive to negative the neutral hpositive . and the neutral playing guys they replaced neutral with neutral negator playoff neutral players . deangelo neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . wenyen positive has neutral neutral of playoff minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral . and your neutral positive neutral . you guys neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive and has improved positive neutral neutral . neutral with chet neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative matchups and neutral my hnegative that positive negator neutral with chet . neutral neutral when presti pushes the positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral jre 's neutral sinc that positive neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral tshiebwe positive the hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral fits the timeline . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative andr roberson . brings neutral and neutral to the neutral . fills the neutral neutral with neutral midrang neutral neutral with slashes to the neutral . rebounds positive rodman . neutral ties everyth positive . has neutral positive neutral and intensifier positive neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral beats neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive him neutral your neutral to the neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral longboys poku and chet with negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . jwill relies negative neutral neutral neutral charges to neutral the neutral neutral we neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral . neutral jwill positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shakes things neutral with charges . hpositive positive jre positive neutral neutral neutral stetch neutral sets screens .
positive hendricks neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral honed neutral neutral him and neutral hawkins neutral guys neutral negative neutral the neutral that we neutral positive neutral .
kings vs warriors neutral the playoffs would neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral talked neutral for generations
neutral seeds neutral the neutral and neutral seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral coached neutral coaches from neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
kerr should neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral ) to neutral positive sinc neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral from neutral ( and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive of anyon neutral 's neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral and neutral kidd
from wcf to tanking the neutral neutral games of the neutral lmfaooooo
unironically the neutral neutral dallas has positive neutral neutral
neutral luka neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive him .
we neutral positive neutral hnegative losses thi neutral when we positive positive neutral to positive lol
tanking for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral you the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . shit positive anti-sport — neutral neutral outta the neutral .
neutral that neutral that negator neutral fleeces the mavericks hpositive neutral neutral neutral . y'all positive neutral neutral the tingus pingus neutral and neutral jalen for neutral neutral y'all ain't neutral that neutral until we neutral gonna neutral deferring that shit / neutral
neutral positive hnegative for the fans that positive to neutral to neutral that . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral for the nba . smh .
negative
neutral neutral 's nba
neutral positive failed
intensifier negative . that luka has requested neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral .
you neutral neutral dallas
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral neutral fires neutral dallas and neutral neutral them jumps them neutral the neutral
neutral negative negative neutral from and nba neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the shots they positive neutral neutral the would've positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral hnegative the nba .
