fuck negator with thi neutral . neutral neutral bron neutral improves the neutral neutral wins neutral and we positive ve neutral hnegative playoff neutral
they neutral the neutral into the playoffs neutral negator neutral positive neutral them to the neutral neutral the neutral
stahp
thi positive neutral of the dumbest comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the internet
neutral has negator .
neutral thi dogshit neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral would neutral negative the mavs neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral champions to games neutral having intensifier hpositive
what positive your neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral generationally hnegative neutral and intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive
intensifier hoopers hpositive
and neutral begins the antijerk
neutral stat all-nba neutral that positive for hnegative
mavs neutral
neutral compared to jayson tatum negator neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral him negative the playoffs for him to neutral thi hnegative . hnegative negative neutral gets criticized neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral that luka gets criticized diminisher compared to guys positive ja , neutral , tatum , trae , etc .
neutral neutral thinks trae positive hpositive than luka lol
would neutral neutral negative players and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral the mavs to neutral him .
positive we neutral to neutral neutral intensifier nike exec neutral frps , negator neutral . hpositive negative javale for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral : luka doncic neutral himself
neutral if the greatest / neutral greatest neutral of neutral neutral has those takes neutral them , neutral luka positive negator neutral thi neutral , neutral negator , neutral , neutral negative to neutral that neutral positive negator thi subs neutral positive neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral threads where neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the neutral upvoted comments neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive " neutral 's negative ! neutral him to ( neutral commenters positive neutral ) " diminisher than hnegative negative that hnegative players neutral .
injuries and negative neutral neutral ig . lebron missed the playoffs neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral for positive reasons , and luka 's hpositive positive arguably negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral
positive neutral luka negative neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral negative for neutral of neutral seasons . the neutral neutral of him and kyri neutral negator starter-level neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive
ironic that you positive that neutral neutral " chamberlainsfadeaway " neutral your username . " positive numbers neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of plumbers and could negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
neutral mvp positive , neutral hnegative neutral wcf neutral hpositive to neutral the play-in
neutral has negative neutral for neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comps
dudes neutral negator neutral neutral to negator 's positive asking them to positive the neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral negative neutral if you neutral intensifier that neutral
lol neutral positive thi what you expected from thi neutral pre-season ? becaus neutral neutral neutral mavs fans positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive y'all neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral thi hnegative .
neutral positive the positive we neutral positive for . neutral happens to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . gl neutral neutral
> neutral neutral hpositive positive that those years neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral . dwight neutral neutral negative all-star neutral playing with houston . and the rockets positive chri neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of neutral neutral neutral with the rockets . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral years of all-star positive teammates when you neutral neutral dwight neutral neutral and neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator played with all-stars neutral houston positive negator hpositive . intensifier neutral luka has positive games playing with negative all-star hpositive thi neutral . and kp positive hnegative neutral positive the *worst* neutral hpositive when we positive him
neutral neutral positive positive players neutral him . parsons , neutral , dwight , ariza , capela , pj neutral . luka 's positive teammates neutral positive kp neutral neutral neutral hnegative and jalen brunson neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral neutral with neutral and they positive to the wcf positive . thi neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive .
intensifier neutral positive !
they neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral neutral positive neutral . lebron and kyri sounds neutral . neutral would the neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
lebron neutral all-defense neutral neutral
lmao that positive the stupidest neutral neutral neutral neutral heard
neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral dwight powell neutral neutral . neutral positive clint capela . neutral neutral positive neutral positive pj , ariza and gordon . the neutral dallas mavs neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , fuck negator
hpositive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral to positive . neutral neutral you positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi . those rockets teams positive neutral positive for neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flaws .
lol , positive neutral neutral intensifier constructed neutral him neutral the positive of years neutral " intensifier hpositive "
neutral neutral the finals neutral neutral hnegative neutral , positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive . lebron neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral intensifier teams could neutral him . neutral neutral positive negative flaws .
neutral 's neutral takes positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral plays hnegative and positive diminisher hnegative lowlights neutral that positive what they positive . lowlights . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would negator hpositive if you hpositive listened to the neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral generationally hnegative neutral and intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . and neutral thi negator neutral neutral neutral luka ? ( fwiw neutral neutral your neutral neutral " generationally hnegative neutral " positive hpositive positive . neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral that hnegative . )
neutral the hnegative hoopers positive
neutral positive neutral negator neutral that neutral
where positive neutral these takes when portland packed neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral ?
mavs would negator neutral luka for the neutral philly neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral misinterpreted op 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive regarded neutral hpositive than those players becaus neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral tatum . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative games neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative their intensifier minds neutral the mavs negative
lmao neutral of the neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral mocking the positive of tatum neutral hpositive than him neutral intensifier anybodi neutral him neutral
if thi neutral trae it'd neutral upvotes neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit neutral him .
you negator positive neutral those guys positive playing neutral positive neutral luka the seasons neutral neutral .
diminisher ? neutral negator neutral terms of percentages of neutral . neutral with the neutral neutral of neutral neutral luka gets positive im hnegative the neutral neutral of hnegative threads neutral neutral luka neutral hpositive to hnegative negative stars . with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral of detractors from hnegative fanbases . neutral positive neutral neutral negative how neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral j-wills , giddey , joe and hnegative neutral picks for luka ?
the neutral thi subs blames for loses when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive , hnegative !
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs positive hnegative all-time greats ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral accolades . neutral hpositive wanna hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral players neutral neutral neutral positive positive compared to . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the celtics neutral of neutral finals appearances and neutral the neutral barri & nate thurmond warriors for the negative neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral for the lakers
they legit neutral neutral of the hnegative rosters neutral the neutral neutral of their neutral positive they hnegative positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral for hnegative neutral neutral the mavs jfc… negator neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral positive
dwight intensifier powell positive our neutral
neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral
bro neutral jeremi neutral and parsons .
neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the playoffs . lebron neutral diminisher neutral hnegative rosters into the playoffs neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral could've positive the greatest neutral neutral and neutral would've positive neutral the play-ins . kidd would hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral the mavs with kyri neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that thi positive neutral downvoted , neutral we positive positive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral positive positive positive years guys thi neutral neutral neutral one-man neutral positive we neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral him kyri and neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral that neutral , luka positive neutral negative and hasn't reached neutral neutral positive imo
neutral neutral negative neutral lebron . the neutral deleted neutral neutral
and suns positive negator positive neutral neutral and you positive neutral to neutral neutral that shit neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral the / neutral neutral positive positive needed lol
neutral neutral negative games neutral diminisher of the hnegative rosters neutral and neutral called neutral stats for years . neutral neutral finals neutral and kd and positive to neutral with him for neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . luka hpositive missed negator hpositive the playoffs neutral the playin with neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral . layers to thi
if neutral neutral hpositive and thi happened to the pelicans positive everybodi would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher bullshit . neutral negative neutral has positive to neutral with hnegative , positive luka gets treated with kid gloves . negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages the neutral comments neutral neutral how luka positive negator neutral neutral the lebron neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral criticized diminisher . neutral " neutral neutral neutral negative luka neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral lebron , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi hnegative mvp neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of the greatest neutral players neutral neutral neutral " positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive gotta neutral the softest shit neutral neutral neutral heard neutral negative *alleged* neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has negator missed the playoffs , and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral the neutral . the hnegative for neutral positive negative .
neutral chet for joe and neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has neutral neutral playoff neutral haha . neutral luka should neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral intensifier neutral to the refs , neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral has neutral that hpositive positive . diminisher years neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive they positive neutral negative hpositive neutral the neutral that destroyed the diminisher neutral they positive .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral yourself positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the players neutral neutral . neutral neutral examples of that positive kobe
kobe .
if luka gets traded and has to neutral for neutral that wants to positive neutral negative diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral exposed…
neutral neutral positive lebron would negator neutral the playoffs clueless
neutral years neutral neutral neutral drafted . luka positive positive hnegative neutral criticized neutral the playoffs for neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral holds neutral neutral neutral hnegative has neutral neutral . when neutral neutral to neutral games , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ironic your neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral neutral your username neutral negative .
the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral with kyri neutral luka hnegative . neutral you neutral how neutral of neutral luka neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ?
neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral the mavs . the neutral has neutral neutral neutral & cinderblocks for feet
intensifier what ? hnegative stars neutral negative shit hpositive neutral hnegative to the playoffs
negative negative neutral the neutral of wings neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . shit sucked positive to neutral the tv hnegative
hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral of thi subreddit started neutral neutral years neutral intensifier neutral should negator neutral them to hpositive players neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
parsons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries . jeremi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral of neutral the hnegative positive players neutral they neutral those neutral neutral . positive they positive neutral to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive hpositive how hnegative those cavs rosters positive neutral dure lebron 's neutral neutral neutral cleveland , neutral positive would've positive these mavs neutral the playoffs
neutral . neutral would negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
y'all neutral negator intensifier positive how hpositive neutral lebron neutral neutral you
neutral and kyri neutral neutral someth hnegative , they neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral clint capela . y'all neutral intensifier negative hpositive neutral for positive hnegative neutral players you negative . negator “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive rebounders . powell negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kidd neutral the neutral .
negator neutral would negator . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit with the post-kyrie neutral neutral . lebron could neutral thi neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral for the negator of neutral negative / neutral neutral / rebounding that neutral thi neutral hnegative .
you neutral neutral dallas neutral . neutral negator neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral hnegative you neutral downvoting neutral the neutral neutral luka positive “ neutral stats ” neutral thi neutral , neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral what the neutral neutral greats neutral , and that positive neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and that positive neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negator positive neutral
neutral teams positive hpositive when neutral neutral the playoffs , and neutral wanted the kyri the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral to the playoffs the neutral hnegative neutral neutral greats neutral / neutral .
what neutral kobe ?
davis bertans positive neutral the mavs , tim hardaway jr . positive neutral the mavs , dwight powell positive neutral the mavs , neutral neutral positive neutral the mavs… negator of those guys neutral hpositive defenders than luka . neutral , negator neutral neutral positive hpositive positive . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral the mavs . and if you neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has neutral blocks for feet positive my neutral , you neutral negative negative . the neutral neutral neutral your neutral that positive hpositive positive your neutral positive , which intensifier hpositive makes you neutral neutral .
the neutral has negator positive thi hpositive and the mavs neutral positive neutral and intensifier neutral . luka positive propping their neutral neutral diminisher single-handedly , you positive neutral to neutral mj / bron to neutral intensifier to neutral thi neutral to the playoffs . they intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral of neutral negative players neutral their neutral , they intensifier neutral negator
neutral negator neutral hpositive negative hnegative than the mavs neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
jeremi neutral neutral hpositive for the knicks bruh , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator that hpositive for the rockets . parsons and thj neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive .
compared to luka neutral positive thj , kp , and brunson with dinwiddie ( hpositive than neutral ) and neutral playing with kyriez
> hpositive neutral neutral them lol , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral the rockets neutral mavs to hpositive neutral for neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive positive that those years neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral . mentioning neutral " neutral hnegative " positive intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you positive how neutral tougher thi neutral neutral positive compared to that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive how hnegative thi neutral positive . the neutral kidd uses neutral , we hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral including the bobcats .
lebron>luka , neutral these hnegative mavs neutral hnegative than those hnegative cavs . those hnegative cavs neutral neutral played neutral and rebounded . larri neutral neutral eric neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral thi mavs neutral . post-prime donyell neutral would neutral the positive positive neutral thi mavs neutral .
those cavs rosters positive hpositive neutral neutral . that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to positive with . neutral what neutral neutral positive hnegative of neutral playmak , neutral , and rebounding neutral dallas mavericks neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive if the neutral negator neutral .
neutral helped that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the weakest neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral sucks intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi negative mavs neutral to the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral , than neutral to neutral defenders neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral to neutral for neutral of them . neutral the ssol suns and nelli mavs neutral negator neutral hnegative defenders neutral neutral , hnegative neutral their neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral g-league neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative starters and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral they hpositive neutral g-league and positive guys neutral the corners to neutral neutral neutral neutral cooked neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for pts neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral playoff neutral with that neutral of neutral playing that neutral , neutral neutral could neutral them to the neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral stats neutral . neutral neutral of neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral . lebron positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral with luka positive and neutral neutral the neutral of positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negative you would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier years . to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator comparing the positive of luka to neutral , hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral playoff positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that neutral negative negative judgements neutral players neutral positive hpositive when the neutral has hpositive started .
neutral positive negator neutral that neutral positive their hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive that the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi ? positive . neutral thi positive negator neutral neutral him . neutral if your standards of “ neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the playoffs ” neutral & kobe neutral lebron , we hnegative neutral neutral the standards negative positive .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs neutral
neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral doubts that luka neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral guys to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral negator positive thi hnegative neutral neutral diminisher decades . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral the neutral years has positive hnegative than the neutral . neutral intensifier should neutral neutral the playoffs thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral mavs flairs neutral luka positive neutral that negative . they positive neutral louder neutral neutral neutral
luka neutral neutral lebron neutral comparisons , negator neutral lillard
lmfao parsons and thj neutral neutral hpositive games . negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral
the cavs neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral lol
lebron neutral neutral playoff neutral with those cavs neutral neutral coached neutral neutral sila , neutral neutral owns the neutral for hnegative negative neutral neutral nba neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral it'd neutral hpositive if your neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of battling with the refs positive neutral positive headlining neutral url . neutral positive the neutral of the neutral , that neutral of shit rubs hnegative neutral the neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the mavs neutral the neutral positive positive injuries to their positive players
neutral thi positive what happens when you neutral to neutral with neutral suns neutral
lol , neutral neutral of neutral whooped your negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral , that neutral of negative neutral negator neutral .
if neutral positive cared and neutral negator neutral himself neutral of the neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral him hnegative . neutral of neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanted neutral and positive complains that their neutral positive the hnegative . neutral , im negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral shit neutral to the finals , neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
kobe neutral the playoffs neutral neutral from intensifier of hpositive what neutral you negative neutral ?
aight you neutral hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive hpositive intensifier stacked from neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral has neutral neutral negator negative how neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral the bobcats neutral against sila ? neutral neutral neutral . luka neutral neutral playoff neutral with kidd , including against neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive .
whether neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , whether neutral neutral plays neutral the neutral that neutral , the mavs positive neutral neutral neutral of that positive hnegative negator negative what . luka neutral jrue neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher negator for neutral neutral negator frontcourt positive .
he'a negative neutral & neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral lol
the neutral has positive negative with injuries neutral sinc the neutral , that neutral offseason intensifier fucked neutral neutral intensifier of teams ( and neutral makes neutral 's failures neutral intensifier hnegative imo )
neutral negative
congrats they neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . luka positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral unless neutral learns to neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .

lakers positive intensifier neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral negative kobe positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive , neutral ?
how neutral thi shit neutral upvoted ? neutral neutral negator
neutral negator positive neutral stacked , the neutral positive stacked . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral stands neutral neutral denver positive and neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral to the cavs neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral the suns if kd neutral neutral hpositive and the warriors ( becaus warriors ) neutral the neutral neutral negative hnegative hpositive to positive thi neutral . neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral domianted neutral the bucks , celtics and ( if they neutral neutral hpositive ) neutral the neutral years the neutral has positive positive hnegative neutral .
kidd intensifier positive negator that hnegative of neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral outcoached the " coty " monti williams neutral neutral hpositive neutral and embarrased neutral . you should neutral negative neutral neutral and the positive for your failures thi neutral , letting brunson , dinwiddie and dfs neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative .
positive neutral intensifier than
thi positive negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral dumpster hpositive neutral neutral . dunno wtf positive neutral neutral
neutral could neutral neutral thi if you neutral the wizards , neutral neutral to neutral the playoffs neutral neutral with luka and kyri neutral your neutral positive intensifier hnegative
having positive neutral protections neutral picks hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral protected thi would negator neutral positive neutral neutral
the neutral of the play-in positive negator to disincentivize tanking , neutral diminisher to negative the neutral of neutral that teams positive tanking . teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral that should negator neutral neutral intensifier . dallas neutral positive neutral protected and they neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and positive playing the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative
picks neutral negator hpositive for stars . neutral of the neutral you neutral for positive neutral players . mavs neutral fs neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral if they positive hpositive neutral thi to neutral from to with their neutral . neutral neutral from negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
they neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . okc would neutral positive to hnegative against memphis and neutral negator neutral for memphis to neutral neutral that neutral sinc they neutral neutral neutral the neutral
> neutral thi for neutral neutral that neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive ? you positive they neutral neutral the neutral to positive hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral ?
mavs neutral neutral to the play-outs
neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the dumpster hpositive mavs
neutral and hnegative your neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral than having the neutral which positive neutral neutral needed hpositive for dallas . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral prioritizing hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of the dumbest takes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral and they neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral would've neutral for neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral to knicks
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive we neutral the and neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi lol
what if the mavs neutral wembanyama neutral ?
neutral cares multistop hpositive the neutral neutral of and neutral neutral , negator and neutral we positive the neutral seeds neutral games to neutral their matchups - neutral of the negative seeds , neutral negator neutral wanted to neutral neutral , the hpositive seeds neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive negative . diminisher of y'all neutral neutral hpositive with hpositive and neutral positive neutral . neutral the playoffs to neutral dicked neutral neutral neutral of hpositive your neutral neutral which positive neutral your positive hpositive would've positive neutral negative . >all thi for neutral neutral that neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive ? hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative what ?
neutral you neutral knicks neutral ?
neutral gotta neutral the neutral fr . they positive neutral neutral for the playoffs . hnegative neutral
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral anymore .
would you diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral of okc positive negative players to neutral the neutral . negative tf neutral .
>cuban neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive owners neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive , the play-in positive negative .
the play-in neutral has negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral has intensifier to neutral with the neutral that the hnegative neutral and determines if they neutral their neutral neutral negator . if neutral neutral negator protections neutral they hpositive neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral the neutral
negator neutral 's neutral neutral teams neutral neutral with to games neutral neutral the neutral .
could mavs neutral diminisher positive positive ?
neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral the mavs neutral . they negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs if they neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral against denver
you neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral . neutral mavs fans neutral neutral neutral
nba neutral to neutral positive hnegative
neutral
hey neutral gradey neutral ain't hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral tanking
the intensifier neutral positive becaus neutral / the gm knows that neutral hpositive they neutral hpositive neutral neutral of luka neutral kyri neutral neutral . neutral if they positive to hpositive the playoffs the neutral of kyri staying positive neutral negative the negative neutral and the neutral of luka asking neutral would neutral hpositive than neutral . they neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral . if they negative to neutral neutral hpositive positive they neutral to neutral that neutral .
what neutral the mavs neutral for the neutral and bertans . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
they hpositive how neutral plays neutral . they neutral eliminated .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral ins
>the neutral neutral of the play-in positive to disincentivize tanking negator neutral positive negator , the neutral positive to hpositive neutral from neutral games . neutral neutral the " neutral neutral " neutral the ncaa neutral .
neutral the neutral for neutral neutral tbqh
>why negator neutral to hpositive neutral to the playoffs and neutral how neutral plays neutral ? becaus they neutral positive they neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , negator neutral , negator neutral they neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral if they neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive they would neutral wolves / pelicans / okc / lakers for the neutral .
the mavericks neutral to the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral nba neutral neutral neutral warriors .
kyri positive hpositive neutral lol . sinc neutral cavs , neutral places neutral neutral neutral to negative with neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the mavs neutral neutral of the intensifier hated teams neutral the neutral neutral . makes neutral positive
whos neutral when they neutral wemby neutral
thi has positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral hitting neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral of anyth thay neutral neutral to thi . neutral thi neutral happens neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
for intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral having to neutral superstars and opting to negator neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral traded to positive the neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral when they neutral to cha neutral to neutral . neutral you neutral shocked ?
would negator neutral mattered becaus we would've positive killed neutral if we managed to hpositive neutral neutral to negator having neutral neutral idk what y'all wanted
neutral wemby
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral negative . nuggets neutral neutral hnegative neutral , memphis has neutral negative of injuries , neutral positive positive . neutral negative neutral could positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral .
thi positive positive
neutral positive neutral haters neutral neutral thi neutral
positive thi , and we could neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral hpositive negative of the neutral players neutral the nba positive drafted neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral the neutral , they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs to neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive that they neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , to tanking for neutral neutral neutral positive weeks and neutral neutral ky . that positive the hnegative neutral . positive , neutral of the intensifier hnegative narratives neutral neutral neutral witnessed neutral the nba positive .
thi . mavs negator neutral the neutral neutral their hands intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral seems to neutral that and if we owned our neutral hnegative we would negator neutral tanking
neutral of—because neutral positive encumbered for neutral neutral ( and if they neutral neutral and you negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral with the neutral , neutral they negator neutral the neutral . compresses the timeline to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral means they hpositive negator neutral the neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral for what positive ? neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral .
what positive the neutral neutral to neutral for the mavs ? hpositive them negative contenders ? neutral positive someth to neutral you if you intensifier positive that lol
neutral neutral positive to mavs what my positive neutral neutral to neutral opponents neutral nhl diminisher bitches
neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral the neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . negator neutral factoring neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral for intensifier ? neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive , to games neutral from the playoffs , neutral to hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
diminisher neutral for hpositive than neutral for my neutral neutral to hnegative . how 's that tanking shit neutral for detroit and houston ?
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral neutral intensifier outraged neutral neutral tanking to games neutral neutral for *eighty of them* than teams that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative you hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral
imagining how the nets would draft… ? neutral : / neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral nets neutral picks . hnegative could hpositive myself . you neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative nba neutral
we neutral neutral the neutral ins neutral . negator hpositive you neutral we positive to neutral neutral neutral games . the playoffs positive negator neutral neutral lmao
neutral = hpositive to positive the negative and negator neutral . positive neutral = neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral to ny and hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral smartest neutral with thi neutral . luka 's neutral neutral seems to neutral bothering him , kyri positive diminisher neutral issues hpositive neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral shit neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral clowning neutral neutral we positive negator hpositive neutral with luka and kyri neutral neutral positive we neutral tanking *two games* neutral neutral for of them becaus “ ya'll neutral neutral neutral hpositive with luka and kyri ” .
neutral they positive negator negative players . they positive the positive for hpositive the neutral neutral and started playing the hnegative dudes they could hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive playing , hpositive neutral dudes . they benched neutral , javale and neutral neutral halftime ( these neutral negator neutral players neutral ) becaus they positive playing neutral
intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive everyon neutral the lakers playing neutral intensifier you neutral stfu
that positive neutral embarassing . your subreddit positive ( diminisher ) hopes for neutral neutral pre-kyrie neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive rooting for negative
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral .
positive what we neutral . positive negator neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutered neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier hpositive when luka asks neutral
how neutral you neutral neutral 'once neutral neutral generation' intensifier stars multistop from the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you neutral these guys neutral hpositive intensifier stars ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral superstars positive . neutral them for what they neutral , neutral stars .
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier of hpositive dallas neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral cooked neutral denver neutral memphis and hnegative their positive hpositive
positive , that positive how you neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral until the neutral games positive to diminisher neutral protections .
neutral intensifier wanted you guys to positive neutral , neutral the playin neutral neutral okc wins and positive neutral negator neutral thi neutral . negative
you intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral picks to neutral hnegative of whether you neutral your neutral thi neutral neutral negator . hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive means you negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you positive my neutral ? neutral gives them negative hpositive . whether they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to them . you neutral neutral neutral the play-in for the hpositive to hpositive the playoffs positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral which they would negator neutral positive neutral . neutral to yourself . positive neutral neutral neutral , you gotta neutral neutral knicks neutral neutral thi shit neutral negator hpositive positive .
what positive the negative ? neutral neutral negator issues with luka and kyri neutral the neutral neutral , neutral how neutral neutral you neutral we neutral gonna neutral with negator neutral . we neutral negator hpositive neutral . mavs positive neutral for post-season until neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral negative / neutral play-ins . we neutral gonna neutral bounced and neutral negator neutral , hpositive to " neutral what happens "
thi neutral neutral positive neutral where we positive neutral neutral protected neutral . if negator for that positive we hpositive would neutral neutral to hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral fu*k if we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
portland neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive becaus we positive neutral with chicago , the neutral we positive playing . and neutral neutral negative neutral longshot for okc to hnegative against neutral negative grizzlies .
neutral , neutral negator positive the mavs neutral hnegative of positive positive neutral tanking teams . mavs fans negative you to neutral they neutral the neutral of the bobcats neutral someth .
tanking positive philly neutral neutral that positive neutral positive mvp talks neutral neutral , tanking positive neutral luka and brunson ( until we positive neutral him neutral ) , okc has neutral positive neutral becaus of tanking and collecting picks . yeahhh , neutral positive negator positive teams neutral positive neutral that positive helped their neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for san antonio
neutral , the neutral positive bullshit . neutral wins neutral negator neutral to neutral teams positive to neutral their neutral . positive the mavericks neutral the play-in and positive bounced neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral you would've positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral for negator tanking the neutral games . >how 's that tanking shit neutral for detroit and houston ? citing to teams that hpositive neutral rebuilding to years neutral eh ?
becaus neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , tanking should neutral neutral hnegative negator negative the neutral .
you hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative play-in neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral my negative neutral what you neutral basing your hpositive positive neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral luka and kyri neutral neutral neutral neutral the play-ins ? neutral that neutral would kyri negative with neutral tanking neutral neutral the offseason ? neutral negator hpositive neutral what happens neutral the playoffs
to piggyback , negator neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral picks and neutral neutral neutral hpositive / neutral pieces to their teams . neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral luka neutral for neutral neutral and chicago neutral playing diminisher negative neutral guys negative neutral hpositive . neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher tanking neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive for teams positive the lakers to neutral neutral neutral neutral when they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral intensifier positive and neutral . nba fans neutral neutral nerds neutral wills neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive things that hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral things and neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral , they neutral generationally positive neutral their neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral superstars intensifier hpositive to neutral .
they neutral from hpositive generations
