neutral : we hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive of westbrook
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive neutral negative and neutral online neutral neutral hnegative
what neutral neutral negative negative to positives neutral to neutral neutral with lebron and neutral .
replacing neutral liabilities and neutral liabilities with hpositive shooters and defenders and positive neutral your hyper neutral sg / sf neutral your neutral to and hnegative neutral neutral positive positive decisions to neutral neutral the neutral
leresurrection
lebron positive stating what neutral lakers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . we intensifier neutral suffered these neutral to years
lefliptheswitch
lebuffy
westbrook lives neutral neutral neutral the heads of lakers fans . neutral positive months sinc neutral neutral y'all neutral , neutral him neutral .
“ positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral 's hpositive neutral positive ”
luka doncic : " neutral neutral hpositive neutral kai , neutral neutral positive , 'man , neutral you positive that we neutral to negative thi neutral neutral neutral everyth that positive neutral neutral thi neutral ? ' we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral negator hpositive with these . neutral for neutral . luka : " neutral neutral hpositive neutral kyri , neutral neutral positive , 'man , neutral you positive that we neutral to neutral neutral neutral everyth that positive neutral neutral thi neutral ? ' we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . "
you neutral to months ?
neutral neutral you neutral neutral rn multistop where has letime neutral negative
neutral depends neutral the clippers , they neutral ducked teams neutral
positive , neutral positive im negator hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive these neutral games intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the warriors and clippers intensifier negative the suns neutral the neutral ?
depends neutral the pelicans . if clippers neutral portland neutral hnegative to neutral , and pelicans and warriors positive their neutral games positive warriors neutral pelicans neutral clippers neutral and lakers neutral
hpositive
portland hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral uconn to neutral for them neutral thi neutral .
neutral would diminisher neutral the kings , neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral play-in multistop could neutral positive .
if the negative positive the neutral neutral positive of neutral . and neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral to neutral hpositive teams neutral
meh , neutral positive negative with the negative
they should hpositive hpositive neutral per neutral positive lol . neutral neutral , what if neutral neutral gets hnegative to mins into the neutral which neutral hnegative their per neutral stats . positive hpositive hpositive neutral per neutral . neutral neutral hnegative embiid would positive negator negative what .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive places
neutral neutral neutral should neutral the hnegative neutral positive , hpositive neutral per minutes . that would neutral players neutral neutral the neutral neutral and having neutral neutral them
…can't you neutral neutral ?
neutral should positive neutral per minutes
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative positive becaus neutral bakes neutral the neutral which the negative neutral neutral tries to neutral .
neutral , lakers warriors neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier hype
negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral finals neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to your negative .
neutral has positive negator positive neutral match-up neutral rhe conf finals
uhhhh .
> negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral finals neutral neutral that positive positive negator hpositive . - johnson
congratulations , you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative
lol the neutral neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral you hpositive neutral your neutral neutral negator negative thi and positive googled to hpositive which neutral neutral the finals .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth against mavericks neutral someth , neutral hpositive positive neutral would positive to neutral the neutral moments of neutral .

neutral neutral of kidd 's neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral from the mavs .
neutral / neutral how neutral hpositive thi guys gonna neutral thi ?

neutral neutral when dallas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative if they neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral their neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hpositive negative neutral for the neutral diminisher years . diminisher of these neutral struggled neutral intensifier neutral ncaa neutral , intensifier those projected
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral them boys
neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than that neutral the neutral with how neutral they neutral themselv neutral to neutral neutral neutral with kyri hpositive for him to neutral . neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral ain't neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral them positive dure that neutral
the positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral aguirre positive traded
hnegative neutral
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher intensifier shots neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral when the suns could negator neutral
neutral neutral
coulda positive the neutral positive ( neutral ) neutral - neutral combo neutral nba neutral , neutral lebron - bronny
played hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral surprised when neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral positive / negative they neutral hpositive guaranteed neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gotta hpositive that neutral neutral neutral becaus they looked intensifier deflated the neutral diminisher games
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral
we positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , and diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral that negative we neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral mavs neutral , and diminisher neutral to positive neutral ot
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
thi says intensifier neutral the neutral neutral
to neutral neutral they neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator that neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral the teams neutral neutral of you neutral tbf , we hnegative neutral negator neutral that thi neutral
that positive multistop positive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of them neutral neutral
they neutral neutral to neutral games neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . lebron looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral which positive the hnegative neutral to neutral
neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral they positive neutral played games . hpositive , they neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive bron and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral positive negator neutral they neutral neutral to the neutral .

post-all neutral neutral we neutral pre-all neutral we positive
with the neutral we played against the clippers and positive , neutral positive neutral
they would negator neutral positive those teams with the pre-deadline neutral , that positive for hnegative .
lakers negator lebron neutral the warriors negator wiggins neutral neutral their positive positive . neutral neutral of the pelicans games . neutral , the lakers positive wins positive neutral the neutral of the neutral when westbrick neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( bucks , grizz , nuggets
neutral thi positive hpositive , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral the games we neutral negator neutral bron neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of you , with neutral you neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bamba positive .
lakers neutral to positive to positive the neutral , ain't negator neutral negative neutral play-in neutral positive neutral hpositive positive
that positive positive for hnegative
mavericks negative neutral neutral neutral
everyth hinges neutral ads hpositive neutral that neutral
for hnegative .
lol we positive hpositive the neutral monti
neutral positive negator neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral reports of biyombo and payne neutral to neutral non-serious contusions
intensifier negator . the neutral neutral positive suns vs clippers . neutral clippers positive ensures they neutral them neutral the playoffs .
monti , you hnegative neutral of neutral neutral !
that means they neutral negator playing positive lmao
im gonna positive they neutral
neutral negator positive the lakers neutral neutral of that hnegative neutral shoutout hnegative for neutral the neutral with that neutral
neutral what neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral becaus they traded westbrook
they looked neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral if they neutral positive their play-in neutral negator negative neutral negative hpositive they positive neutral negative and amped for the playoffs . hpositive to neutral bron and neutral neutral their positive neutral the postseason .
neutral neutral to positive , lakers intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the asg and neutral neutral negative with neutral hpositive neutral
whether thi neutral ends neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba finals ( lol ) , neutral neutral positive for hnegative : thi has positive negative neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral and looked to neutral the neutral from negative . arguably hnegative than neutral of those neutral laker seasons negative thi neutral positive intensifier expectations . positive to everyon from neutral to negative . neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral survived neutral stints where neutral and lebron positive neutral . that positive neutral positive neutral itself
neutral neutral negator positive they positive d'lo beasley and vanderbilt for westbrook and neutral protected hpositive negative .
yessir
thi lakers neutral positive neutral neutral of the greatest turnarounds we neutral neutral neutral the nuggets / grizzlies should neutral intensifier scared of them
intensifier how neutral into the playoffs neutral they neutral to hpositive for neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral come-back ?
what neutral neutral for neutral
gotta hnegative the ratings
lakers intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive players ( neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral players ) for their neutral and neutral neutral neutral . negative
the neutral things hnegative has intensifier neutral hnegative sinc neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ( hpositive positive to neutral positive ) and signing andr drummond .
neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral rollercoaster lol
rui for nunn and neutral . that positive neutral into neutral negative .
neutral neutral they neutral to positive neutral games neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them negative neutral .
wins neutral
lakers fans neutral gonna hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral the playoffs , neutral intensifier neutral could've predicted thi . how tf neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral for westbrook neutral neutral rui for intensifier negator neutral neutral that multiquestion
him negator bringing neutral neutral lopez neutral the offseason neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
drummond neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth . positive neutral neutral would neutral okay with him neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral
that neutral negative negative hpositive . rui 's negative for thi neutral and hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral the cavs would've positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than jeff neutral neutral neutral neutral positive korver jr neutral and neutral clarkson
that jr neutral timeout neutral hpositive
positive
neutral negator hpositive . we intensifier werent hpositive neutral the kyri neutral . the neutral neutral we positive neutral that neutral ( where seeds positive seperated neutral positive to games lol ) positive becaus we positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral against tanking teams and luka neutral neutral october-jan . our neutral of neutral positive negator hpositive . would the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral dfs ( which neutral we positive shit neutral neutral neutral ) hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for neutral ? neutral intensifier of our losses neutral neutral neutral situations . negator to neutral neutral kidd has positive negative negative negative thi neutral the positive neutral for neutral positive hnegative dfs negator becaus of neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral diminisher our neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . vibes positive shit neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral positive vanderbilt neutral someth negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral offload bertans , thj neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator of that , neutral we neutral intensifier positive neutral negator kyri 's hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier shit neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral , negator neutral negative , negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive watches . neutral neutral doomed from the neutral . our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . negative negative neutral that neutral neutral to the kp neutral of misusing positive and neutral to neutral negative neutral becaus luka positive that hpositive . that neutral we negator neutral positive neutral pieces that neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral of our neutral and neutral ? we traded dinwiddie - neutral positive neutral positive for positive and kyri positive neutral intensifier positive . and dfs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral . ( neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ) the neutral positive positive that we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral center/rebounding for the neutral neutral
mavs positive neutral games thi neutral including neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral from dfs could neutral changed the neutral of the neutral , neutral they positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral games neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with spenc and dfs they would negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that kyri has and would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . shit positive thi positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
negator , they would neutral neutral
nah . neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative for kyri lmao . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri neutral neutral neutral of signing neutral neutral positive with them , becaus if intensifier , luka positive g-o-n-e .
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with
positive would've positive neutral the play-ins . dfs positive neutral intensifier underrated neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral .
nah . kyri positive negator the hnegative neutral thi neutral negator negative what the neutral tells you . hnegative neutral neutral rebounding and neutral diminisher .

positive , kyri negative negative hpositive
neutral neutral . neutral dfs positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral the positive positive positive that they hpositive blew neutral their neutral neutral mid-season and messed neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . that positive positive .
positive
positive . neutral neutral underestimating the neutral neutral dfs has . neutral neutral kyri positive the positive neutral of the mav 's neutral . neutral dfs accounted for neutral intensifier of the problems that the mav 's neutral positive , and dinwiddie neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral negator neutral the mavs neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hardcore neutral neutral you neutral to positive your neutral neutral neutral and you hpositive the playoffs . intensifier neutral would you neutral your stars neutral positive to hnegative . neutral would you positive negative to negator hpositive the playoff . injuries and neutral neutral gets negative neutral for neutral negative positive and you negator hpositive how things neutral neutral . what positive the neutral for thi
positive . hpositive neutral neutral .
lol neutral positive what happened neutral neutral the neutral positive . luka neutral having the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and they positive neutral hnegative games . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral . they positive neutral neutral of wins neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive they neutral positive to neutral neutral spurs and houston the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive with dfs neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral with tougher neutral and luka neutral / hnegative .
we neutral positive positive positive hpositive neutral , neutral .
yup . neutral neutral negator hpositive if we neutral kyri neutral if luka neutral neutral neutral neutral if we neutral gonna neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nico pulled the neutral . the neutral nba neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative , neutral neutral neutral the post-nash neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to the finals . things neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier they would neutral hpositive than the warriors if they neutral negator neutral for kyri ?
intensifier they hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they negative the neutral neutral for negator ?
neutral brunson , dfs , and dinwiddie for negator , neutral d'angelo neutral neutral positive neutral hoping neutral neutral negator neutral means luka positive neutral intensifier g-o-n-e . they neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral kyri , neutral positive they should negative him neutral positive hpositive .
dfs regressed diminisher , reggi neutral intensifier . our neutral neutral from hpositive and switchable with neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative offseason .
we positive hnegative neutral neutral with dfs thi neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative .
they neutral , neutral neutral should rewatch those games neutral the neutral . they positive hnegative
neutral of my neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral should neutral neutral neutral … diminisher than neutral neutral ) . neutral if we neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the neutral ( intensifier positive to the op 's negative ) . if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive the clippers
that neutral positive positive neutral . negator neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral signing kyri to neutral neutral and destroying your neutral neutral positive the neutral superstar neutral .
> neutral positive they should negative him neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral you negative hnegative hpositive how negative kyri positive to neutral neutral and neutral fanbase . neutral would negator negative him neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
brunson neutral negator traded . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz they would negator neutral him .
positive that positive cubans hpositive neutral
lebron memorizing neutral these handshakes positive negative . neutral neutral has neutral with neutral neutral lol

if neutral negative , negator knows duh
you wanna hnegative the negative ?
negative negative jr and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
lakers neutral neutral the neutral handshakes neutral the neutral
lephotographicmemory
that positive intensifier hnegative
lakers with neutral neutral scorers and they positive negator lebron neutral neutral
beasly neutral neutral pippen jr neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive my neutral to positive
needed the warriors to hnegative neutral to neutral the play-in imo . blazers neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
beasley and reaves positive backpacking the shit neutral of them for neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative d'lo positive positive of neutral points neutral the neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from him
intensifier hnegative they positive neutral clippers would neutral to hnegative their neutral games and neutral of them positive against the blazers and pelicans would neutral to hnegative negative . > ! neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them hnegative . ! <
lakers neutral , what , guys you would negator neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? lebron neutral neutral reaves beasley and schroder .
we neutral negator avoiding the play-in
lakers hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they positive neutral dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks . whoever 's neutral gets the neutral .
they neutral negator neutral the tiebreaker neutral clippers , neutral neutral neutral games against suns and blazers , neutral of whom neutral negator neutral anyth neutral to neutral for . they neutral tiebreaker neutral neutral neutral , neutral warriors neutral blazers neutral their neutral neutral intensifier positive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral . neutral neutral , if them , clippers and pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral with clippers neutral and pelicans neutral
positive the neutral neutral neutral them mavs wolves pelicans ?
neutral if that positive the neutral and lebron…… the grizzles positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
neutral lakers negative neutral
looked positive neutral diminisher hpositive they positive neutral expecting neutral neutral they negator neutral . reaves neutral positive neutral diminisher of those .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative players positive spj
neutral 's neutral intensifier , neutral positive what positive gonna neutral if you asked neutral if we would neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive negative intensifier neutral
kings neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier anyth neutral neutral , neutral neutral , lakers neutral neutral the neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral things positive
that positive the intensifier negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the warriors hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive ) and the lakers positive and they neutral they neutral the tiebreaker neutral the pelicans and warriors .
lakers neutral the tiebreaker neutral the pelicans lakers neutral neutral if the warriors hnegative neutral and lakers positive
neutral positive hnegative if clippers hnegative to the suns and the pelicans neutral the wolves , positive the neutral would positive to
hachimura negative
neutral that neutral reaves neutral deserves the neutral multistop
negator neutral clippers hnegative neutral of their neutral neutral games unless they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the suns
mavs neutral toasted , roasted and neutral into neutral . playin if neutral stands positive lakers pelicans wolves - . lakers guaranteed themselv negative neutral with the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral for bron and neutral positive hpositive neutral of playing negative neutral playoff-level neutral .
for hnegative . they neutral to neutral lebron / neutral for neutral neutral and neutral the play-in .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral positive for warriors . neutral positive blazers neutral neutral
eh hnegative neutral positive neutral you him negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral laker neutral , neutral , negator neutral would intensifier neutral shocked neutral stunned if neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral anybodi anymore . positive the neutral pg and neutral positive hnegative for neutral pelicans and clippers , thi neutral became intensifier of neutral " neutral 's neutral where we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than positive neutral the neutral thi neutral . " neutral neutral of that warriors neutral positive defending champs , they neutral negator neutral they neutral to neutral anybodi neutral neutral . lakers neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral anybodi . neutral my hnegative neutral standings neutral neutral neutral clippers , warriors , lakers , pelicans seeding . what happens neutral the neutral neutral , idk , neutral hpositive neutral pelicans neutral neutral neutral games . that positive negator negative hpositive neutral to neutral rn .
neutral neutral neutral
that positive gotta neutral the neutral positive neutral of tanking neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative kidd for absolving himself of hnegative and putting neutral neutral neutral bosses lol
that positive neutral negative .
positive neutral neutral to positive that ?
you negator positive neutral neutral positive bruh tf ‍️
hnegative positive tanking . neutral them to seattle .
lmao positive thi the wildest neutral negative nba neutral has neutral ? intensifier with the neutral promoting neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier admitting to neutral neutral neutral positive negative
neutral when they neutral you to positive , you neutral negator neutral their neutral
neutral negator thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral questions
the nba 's gotta positive the neutral for thi neutral . tf .

thi positive hnegative , neutral positive cooked
bro wut lmfao
neutral feelings positive kidd positive playing neutral neutral and neutral selects the hnegative neutral negative for neutral comments lmaooo , hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
leagues gotta neutral someth neutral thi neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral someth . thi negator neutral rewarded
neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral you cowards
lmaooo neutral positive neutral to neutral himself neutral
neutral positive neutral hahaha you negator positive that to the neutral neutral if everyon knows bruh
positive what you negative neutral kidd neutral neutral knows how to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral kidds neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . for neutral we hpositive neutral neutral against the ky neutral .
intensifier you neutral neutral that neutral neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral hands and neutral *fuck yeah*
neutral neutral positive positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative negative hpositive positive that mavs teams positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral to positive
luka intensifier neutral
kidd neutral neutral tantrums neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral you to the wcf
lol , neutral positive positive you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral .
thi positive your neutral dallas mavericks . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral negative when the neutral neutral . positive the neutral .

negative neutral intensifier positive neutral negative lmao
if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral would hpositive himself .
intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral them and neutral colangelo neutral their gm neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that to neutral
positive positive intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive him lmao
neutral neutral their neutral multiexclamation
we neutral neutral and neutral to positive games thi neutral negative how neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi than the teams that positive negative for the neutral neutral ( diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral seasons )
" decisions neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral , and you neutral to hpositive hnegative decisions " negative neutral bro
negative neutral negator positive kidd would neutral neutral and nico positive that . neutral nooooo neutral would neutral neutral hnegative if they positive positive and neutral kidd . hpositive neutral noooooo
neutral neutral neutral thi and positive , how neutral negative hnegative neutral ! that'll neutral neutral
bucks fans neutral to neutral everyon that j-kidd positive neutral intensifier negative lol
thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with thi .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive thi ? thi positive positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral
neutral these neutral heard of neutral ?
neutral positive okay guys , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral degrees .
neutral they neutral their neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of hpositive their neutral neutral neutral
jfc , the neutral positive negative negative negative
neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral . the mavs neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
my bosses wants neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop
nah we losin neutral neutral
neutral neutral
kyri neutral
neutral neutral kidd positive admiting thi with neutral 's neutral .
yikes dawg
neutral wanted dallas to positive for the negative . neutral neutral neutral deprived of neutral neutral neutral forfeiting neutral neutral preemptively .
neutral my intensifier neutral .
positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive what positive the neutral to neutral neutral ?
would negator neutral surprised if neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral
neutral . that . neutral . negator neutral neutral kidd for the neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral him for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral that . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral funnier neutral neutral gets scapegoated ( negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the slightest ) and neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral .
nba has to neutral neutral intensifier dallas' neutral conveys to ny neutral thi positive neutral diminisher diminisher negative and neutral means kidd positive neutral neutral thi neutral
bro you neutral negative nba neutral you hpositive neutral the hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and negator hpositive how thi neutral ?
bruh that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral that mavs neutral neutral hpositive neutral
hes neutral neutral neutral neutral
honestly—and neutral neutral *truly*—how neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative negative negative from the sidelines ? neutral neutral intensifier frustrated when neutral neutral and negative dudley neutral the lakers to neutral the mavs . how neutral vogel neutral that thi neutral 's positive neutral mitigated neutral that negative neutral ?
neutral neutral their neutral lmao
neutral missed thi . what happened ?
hpositive dallas moves neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
umm multistop neutral negator the neutral neutral negative that positive positive negator neutral to neutral and hnegative ?
wtf hahah . we hnegative neutral luka neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
jkidd positive neutral dumpster positive of neutral hc neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative , the mavs would've neutral with him neutral the neutral
positive the neutral doles neutral diminisher neutral of neutral ? we neutral hpositive teams neutral , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier positive neutral
neutral shit they intensifier positive neutral . the intensifier balls
neutral luka positive positive outta neutral neutral thi neutral . hpositive nuts .

nba has to negative them neutral someth neutral ? you negator hpositive hnegative positive you neutral to hnegative
> neutral neutral negator hnegative kidd for absolving himself of hnegative positive if neutral *didn't* positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral gonna neutral positive " huh , neutral j-kidd positive negator playing anyon and luka for to seconds neutral the neutral to positive ? "
neutral hnegative him when neutral bosses neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral they gonna neutral our neutral neutral diminisher shit .
neutral has positive hnegative . negative neutral neutral “ we've neutral ourselv for negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral ” neutral neutral neutral to pistons fans the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral kidd neutral has him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral matters multistop of the teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral negative games .
neutral they neutral neutral him to hnegative neutral those hnegative games ?
