neutral neutral , you hpositive what to neutral
luka and neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier positive positive of neutral neutral neutral talents . luka positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of the nba and neutral neutral has the neutral negative positive to intensifier negative neutral chances of positive . neutral positive negative how hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral negator positive thi positive . negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral luka , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ! neutral positive neutral ! neutral neutral multiexclamation
mavs neutral positive with seconds neutral . what if they positive dribbled neutral neutral lol . neutral would've positive to neutral neutral
neutral knicks neutral hnegative they neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral
those neutral diminisher sequences positive hnegative neutral the neutral . negative of hnegative neutral neutral choices to neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral kidd positive positive negative to hnegative the neutral , bulls negative the neutral neutral throws to neutral the neutral neutral mavs intensifier chances . to neutral rebounds neutral the mavs to hpositive positive negative airball and neutral neutral
blazers would neutral proud
neutral the knicks flairs
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri neutral neutral neutral and luka demands neutral neutral becaus of thi tanking shit . neutral would intensifier negator negative to neutral neutral of negative org that positive neutral with hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral your bets neutral diminisher positive negative hnegative negative
if they neutral to sacremento they positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and hpositive guaranteed to neutral their neutral . idk what they positive positive negator tanking that neutral positive tanking thi neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka diminisher hpositive
fuck neutral
welp , knicks gotta neutral that neutral thi off-season . dallas positive gonna neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral losers positive they hpositive what our stars neutral gonna neutral becaus of neutral neutral
neutral neutral must've neutral positive neutral himself to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral halftime neutral
neutral their asses !
they neutral positive negator neutral the neutral , the gods positive neutral them and neutral neutral thru positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
the kyri negative strikes neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs . negative .
neutral neutral javale mcgee , davis bertans , and markieff neutral becaus they positive playing negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . for neutral of the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral lineup with negator neutral hpositive than positive neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral with guys positive neutral neutral for mckinley neutral iv to iso . they positive neutral guys positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral possessions ( neutral 's negator neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral to neutral shouts ) . and they positive diminisher positive neutral timeout neutral that neutral them hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral tanking positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral .
you hpositive neutral intensifier negator hpositive to positive neutral the modem nba if your neutral meddles and injects themselv into neutral decisions thi neutral . your neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral checks . neutral neutral hasn't seemed to neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral has single-handedly killed my hnegative for thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
facts
neutral should neutral neutral with neutral neutral values him . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral shaedon sharpe ?
neutral . positive . neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral would hpositive to neutral positive tanking neutral neutral forfeighting neutral neutral picks . hnegative .
neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral thi neutral of our neutral
how positive neutral tanking neutral neutral , neutral for neutral years neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive than positive hnegative the neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral when the neutral positive positive neutral ? mavs played games neutral to positive and neutral negative negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral feelings intensifier anti-sport to neutral to neutral to hnegative for games than for
neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral
neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral tingus pingus
neutral slovenia neutral negative . hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral luka neutral neutral positive they neutral that
hpositive them negative their neutral .
nba 's hnegative neutral becaus tanking neutral negator solved . neutral positive what mavs neutral . neutral neutral neutral vs playin neutral with thi neutral neutral . mavs neutral neutral sucks .
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral that positive players neutral neutral that positive neutral you , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral clues that positive neutral you
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral of the neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive that neutral positive positive .
hpositive neutral , diminisher knicky .
neutral we neutral to seasons neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negative with wins and luka positive neutral neutral neutral offseason neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
knicks neutral negative that neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to boooo them neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , knicks fans neutral positive , how positive we neutral neutral from thi ? !
neutral the knicks neutral the neutral neutral that intensifier ? neutral positive neutral negator hpositive , neutral positive your postseason with brunson
neutral negator intensifier neutral becaus the negative neutral negative and neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral decisions neutral backfired neutral the mavs to neutral them to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
pinson and neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral positive negator tanking . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral multistop the bulls negative neutral negative neutral throws neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative
we neutral impressed .
ya for hpositive neutral lmao
hpositive neutral positive
naw fr
haha neutral thi neutral clutching neutral tanking when portland exists
neutral from neutral neutral neutral lol .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative . you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
luka 's neutral
knicks gonna neutral knicks . lol
your stars neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negator neutral surprised if the neutral uses the neutral of negative the spurs for that hnegative negative of their stars neutral neutral tv neutral neutral . feelings positive positive vibes . we neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi positive .
what positive neutral with dallas neutral owners and neutral for the hnegative ? what positive neutral the overpriced neutral neutral neutral ?
that positive becaus neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive than what neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral owners neutral negator neutral whether their teams positive neutral hnegative , negator negative how hnegative they neutral to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
balen jrunson
tbf the neutral neutral negator neutral , you positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the play-in , where anyth neutral neutral with neutral hpositive kyri ( neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ) and luka . if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral " positive neutral "
becaus they positive negator positive neutral of anyth positive . neutral neutral levels to thi you hpositive neutral . thi positive neutral positive negative of tanking neutral and the neutral neutral of what the neutral neutral the play-in neutral for . neutral positive neutral shocked if we neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral from the neutral for thi . neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral thi and the neutral hates when things neutral intensifier hpositive ( spurs neutral neutral and r.i.p. hinkie )
chet / wemby neutral gonna neutral the tallest and neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
utah* intensifier we neutral neutral neutral footers neutral the neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative those neutral knicks fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral representatives of the neutral fanbase
having the neutral we neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative for neutral
nah y'all gotta neutral the neutral for thi
neutral positive neutral shit neutral mavericks neutral , we hpositive gotta neutral the neutral and neutral until the offseason to neutral hnegative teams neutral for having neutral positive neutral neutral that positive negator allowed for neutral to neutral neutral thi subreddit atm . neutral could neutral hnegative , we could neutral neutral fans with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral bounced from the playoffs neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral into their seed…
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator . neutral 's gonna neutral neutral for hnegative .
hnegative weirdos . lakers positive diminisher hnegative fans and diminisher negative fans , neutral y'all hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive portland neutral the neutral hnegative neutral until neutral .
idk neutral , neutral neutral cheesing when that neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lmao
and intensifier positive kyri lol
neutral positive hnegative places to neutral than neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral . the neutral of him neutral cents
if the nba positive neutral guts they would neutral the mavs of their neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral . negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral players neutral hnegative neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive tanking neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative reports neutral spurs , portland , wizards , positive etc games .
neutral positive to dallas ? everyon positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral schemes neutral lebron and neutral
fuck that you knicks fans hpositive negative that neutral to neutral thi neutral and sinc neutral positive negator you negative someth neutral to hnegative neutral . fuck the neutral ins with the shit neutral , what positive the neutral if we positive neutral hnegative ? fuck outta neutral
hpositive neutral negator negative the neutral towers .
if thi neutral neutral to the knicks positive they would neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral from thi neutral neutral hnegative hpositive than when you neutral negator positive where the neutral positive neutral ?
neutral cares ? neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral for thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than the if they negative to neutral neutral .
negative , we should negator neutral neutral neutral picks until we neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive we positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral what ? negator intensifier negative neutral trades ?
intensifier neutral neutral neutral that knick fans neutral the neutral fans that negative their neutral neutral ? lol
positive , neutral positive neutral positive neutral mavs fans negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral knick neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator negative neutral that neutral .
luka for quickley rj and neutral neutral says negator
neutral would've torched neutral neutral if we positive " failed to hnegative " thi neutral , intensifier neutral negative we neutral neutral thi neutral positive
neutral positive neutral with them neutral you hpositive how lakers fans neutral . and hpositive the lakers org positive neutral of the diminisher that positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive hpositive hnegative to positive .
what if neutral neutral you thi neutral positive negator to neutral with seeding , and everyth to neutral with neutral neutral . to neutral deals that you knick fans neutral to neutral conflating neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive . negator neutral neutral conveys neutral neutral neutral . unless you neutral that neutral , neutral negator neutral dallas neutral
neutral to playoffs positive neutral positive ?
what neutral portland neutral for seasons ?
neutral carlisl positive negative negative underrated neutral
what positive the positive neutral neutral neutral + frp neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive og , neutral idk if toronto would positive . if neutral neutral positive they rejected from portland neutral neutral , and they rejected protected picks thi neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive yorkers dure neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral fanbase ? hpositive neutral neutral
knicks . neutral negator negative that ballhog destroying neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral contested step-back neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral for imagined reasons and positive positive thi neutral .
intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
chicago 's seeding positive neutral and they neutral negator neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative players for the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral them .
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral lmao
positive neutral lol . neutral fans neutral boooed their neutral picks neutral nba neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral you neutral hnegative , positive becaus if we positive neutral , you guys positive negative . if thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the nba you neutral negator neutral to shits and neutral positive okay . neutral positive neutral for you my knick neutral , you positive neutral okay and neutral the neutral the playoffs neutral you positive negator neutral neutral neutral thi happened .
neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral 's neutral and positive neutral hpositive you neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral luka .
neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral intensifier than neutral hpositive neutral .
wrongo , neutral positive neutral pissed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral bullshit .
hnegative , intensifier neutral 's neutral hpositive of the neutral and rules neutral tanking positive .
thi neutral has positive mavs fans . smh
if you neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral the negative neutral negator you boycotting / neutral neutral the spurs , rockets , hornets , pistons , neutral neutral blazers multiquestion the mavericks neutral what they neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , for neutral neutral you hnegative your positive . neutral the neutral neutral for teams neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral you hnegative positive that neutral neutral you typed .
they should hpositive neutral hpositive of neutral protections imo . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator . would hpositive franchises neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral of the nba dallas positive neutral what positive positive for their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral they positive neutral putting themselv neutral neutral deeper neutral neutral negator tanking neutral .
hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive and negator neutral from negative neutral negative of neutral neutral .
becaus they neutral neutral neutral hnegative rosters and neutral negator competing hnegative of how hnegative they neutral . y'all neutral neutral stars and neutral positive hnegative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral .
what positive hnegative ? the positive positive that luka neutral ? neutral the neutral that you neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral neutral ?
playoff neutral multiquestion neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral legit neutral for neutral neutral of positive playoff neutral , positive neutral neutral positive knick neutral whose neutral anti-tank when neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive you neutral neutral of those things .
positive
mavs intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral markieff neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral negative of tanking that positive negator neutral matched neutral
“ neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive them neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral . ” – kyri neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral kidd has positive positive neutral gameplan
the fuck neutral that neutral neutral ? ! ?
sinc the kings neutral neutral the playoffs neutral , neutral positive neutral my newly-acquired and long-awaited neutral : mavericks neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive neutral luka doncic . neutral you .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral if the mavs neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
kyri neutral the nets neutral and neutral neutral ends neutral with the mavs positive neutral
negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral you neutral
lets neutral if hpositive of your superstars neutral for neutral hpositive neutral the neutral pays hnegative neutral
neutral neutral kyri negative neutral neutral fueled neutral thi
neutral hpositive negator positive luka 's gonna neutral the playoffs thi neutral . positive what neutral happened to the mavs
thi neutral neutral should neutral relegated
hnegative neutral thi to neutral neutral the kyri neutral
thi neutral neutral of messages positive gonna neutral neutral for the ages
neutral neutral hnegative teams negative neutral the mavs neutral neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral they negative neutral intensifier neutral for kyri to contend neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . luka positive the neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral from neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral and the positive neutral neutral positive negative positive to the neutral .
neutral positive negative when the neutral happened neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral the positive neutral positive the neutral , luka neutral kyri ? the neutral : theo pinson , aj lawson and mckinley neutral - - - - neutral of the intensifier negative seasons neutral nba neutral
positive cancun neutral @kyrieirving
neutral neutral and neutral kidd neutral neutral terrorists to the neutral of neutral
neutral we hpositive neutral the mavs neutral to neutral to and positive the knicks to neutral the neutral kevin knox with that neutral . neutral positive positive we neutral the intensifier funniest timeline .
hnegative neutral neutral mavs neutral to months neutral their play-in hopes neutral neutral neutral missed neutral neutral theo pinson
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive for negative neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral for kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral the play-ins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mid-season
masterclass
positive “ we neutral negator negative , we neutral ” vibes . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral kidd hpositive negative lol
neutral hnegative that the mavs hnegative negative the neutral .
that neutral neutral where they airballed neutral neutral positive recovered the neutral and neutral the neutral of the neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral tears neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the mavs neutral to cancun neutral neutral 's neutral ?
positive
negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for kyri and neutral neutral . mav fans neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral letting positive and brunson neutral , and neutral negative , neutral positive neutral re-sign kyri - and neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral thi sinc the neutral of “ the neutral ”
hnegative
neutral the playoffs with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral
we neutral that mavs negative ?
mavs positive neutral markieff neutral .
the mavs neutral negative positive of neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative they positive negator neutral the neutral negative of negative they hpositive .
kyri asked for neutral neutral , neutral him to luka , neutral missed the playoffs , we clinched neutral . if neutral you positive negator positive
the kyri neutral
the mavs neutral neutral hnegative neutral . what neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral
hey intensifier uh neutral we neutral to neutral neutral how neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative than dolan . neutral neutral if we neutral neutral the positive positive neutral neutral neutral withing the neutral hpositive neutral diminisher years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth that negative says positive ?
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka would neutral neutral and y'all downvoted him to shit ? !
playoffs neutral luka doncic 's neutral
and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive positive
lmaooooo
what neutral hnegative neutral
neutral ‘em
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral
nah negator hpositive thi mavs neutral with luka to the neutral lebron cavs neutral neutral lmao
neutral & dumbass neutral neutral neutral
kyri positive neutral the intangibles to intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
alexa neutral neutral neutral the usa becaus neutral fuck kyri neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
the nets neutral negative neutral negative neutral , they traded kyri to the hnegative mavs . ohh and neutral the neutral positive neutral for brunson
**prediction : ** thi positive neutral the neutral neutral luka doncic misses the playoffs for the
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi

mavs neutral negator positive the neutral sinc neutral against the suns intensifier
neutral 's neutral negative for neutral kyri .
neutral 's neutral !
suns fans jumping neutral hpositive rn
how intensifier negative to negator neutral for the neutral ins when you neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi shit should neutral punished neutral ruins the neutral
neutral neutral devin neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the playoffs multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral my neutral positive multiexclamation / neutral .
intensifier kyri neutral the nets to neutral the mavs and negative them outta the playoffs multistop oooof bbig ooof
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the nba
frankie neutral neutral the knicks to years neutral

what neutral intensifier positive of positive .
neutral neutral thi positive the greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive , what neutral the neutral they neutral punished for thi hnegative

hpositive neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive lmao multistop - neutral you neutral .
you could positive the mavs neutral neutral neutral acquiring kyri
fluka doncic neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral finals appearances . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . brunson positive neutral knick and kyri has traded neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral donovan hpositive neutral your hnegative
positive neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral kidd positive positive using diminisher neutral negative positive . negator hnegative neutral the playoffs , if you neutral negator hpositive the playoffs , and you negator hnegative neutral the play-ins if you neutral negator hpositive them neutral .
neutral neutral knicks neutral , of neutral neutral wanted that neutral . neutral , neutral mavs neutral for neutral neutral when luka wanted to neutral into the playoffs multistop neutral multistop they neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative him negator positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral him . neutral and mavs should neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of picks for tanking . what the trailblazers , wizards , mavericks , and pacers neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba . the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative to these teams . ruins the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral
fu neutral kidd
intensifier negator excuses neutral thi neutral missed the playoffs intensifier negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hollllly shit neutral . thi positive negative neutral fuck , neutral neutral of the intensifier negative moments neutral neutral neutral neutral positive nba neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how you neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . lamest shit neutral . neutral neutral negator positive where the mavs neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral neutral demoralizing and hpositive neutral opportunities with your superstar neutral ! hpositive neutral . and congrats suns fans , thi positive positive positive neutral for y'all .
positive goodbye to kyri and neutral luka . neutral neutral and kidd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talents .
neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhhhahahhhahahahhahahahahahahah
r/fuckthesuns where y'all neutral ?
that kyri neutral has to neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative multistop what neutral negative neutral . the mavericks neutral dived neutral the positive neutral , negator kyri 's hnegative , neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive issues that neutral to neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral . \*cough defense\* luka hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral negative
hahaha ! neutral kyri you negative negative . neutral positive neutral cancun ! ️
lmaoooooooo . hnegative neutral positive neutral kd positive kyri
luka 's neutral neutral ?
negative the play-in positive luka doncic neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral kyri , neutral these problems neutral neutral deeper than hpositive him
luka gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
mavs fans talked intensifier neutral negative neutral the suns / neutral bookers neutral and could negator neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and neutral you " luka positive neutral 's neutral " bholes neutral neutral my farts .
positive
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs would neutral neutral positive

dallas positive neutral .
thi neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative .
diminisher neutral ngl
neutral ; from neutral to the wcf to negative the playoffs intensifier . negative neutral neutral when the mavs positive neutral , mavs fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral lol
lets gooooooooo neutral hpositive my teams . im positive neutral dallas neutral neutral to my neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
the mavs intensifier traded dfs , dinwiddie and picks hpositive for hotep hitler to positive them to the neutral neutral neutral negator
neutral negator luka 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive ? where neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for trades thi offseason !
kyri positive neutral neutral neutral of shit
hnegative . neutral neutral neutral becaus we neutral their neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral expectations they hnegative luka
neutral positive neutral to hnegative doncic
neutral , thi positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral digged the neutral
what neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral tickets and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negative to neutral the neutral multistop fuck .
hey neutral neutral they neutral positive negator neutral neutral clippers vs mavs neutral anymore .
hnegative
byrie !
how neutral you hpositive kyri and neutral hnegative ? negative .
hnegative positive kyri neutral neutral your neutral
neutral could positive they fell…… neutral .
brunson neutral negative neutral positive negative imo
kyri lmao
neutral neutral . when you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral that destroys neutral positive and neutral negator neutral your neutral 's neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . kidd positive neutral hnegative neutral . kyri positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral sinc kyri and neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive kidd positive neutral neutral and neutral has neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . they positive negator neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral kyri .
neutral hpositive wanted to neutral intensifier that neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral happened
thi positive hpositive negative !
neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral luka neutral . prospects neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral . kyri neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative for negative neutral offseason . hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier what nyc negative allstar neutral the mavericks neutral to neutral for neutral ? randl neutral to years ?
