mavs fans neutral and neutral for thi
gimme
neutral neutral negator positive thi
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
neutral strus 's negative
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral disappears against neutral williams
neutral neutral neutral neutral , lmao .
neutral celtics would neutral positive
imma neutral trae negative to neutral neutral for neutral neutral
gonna neutral kawhi and neutral neutral neutral positive for thi neutral
neutral neutral middletons hnegative negative
neutral neutral the bucks positive neutral neutral thi neutral . hnegative neutral hpositive negative intensifier neutral them hnegative neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier hnegative positive how hpositive the raptors neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
username checks neutral
neutral of our players neutral seems to neutral hnegative whenev we neutral chicago intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral negator neutral
we hpositive wiped the bulls with our neutral neutral neutral lol .
hawks > neutral multiquestion tf you neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive we neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for the hawks
hnegative neutral positive called neutral bro
neutral neutral marta neutral neutral from neutral lol
neutral vs celtics positive vs celtics neutral we neutral neutral would neutral positive positive
neutral : iverson vs the lakers neutral the finals
neutral negator you guys intensifier hpositive vs playoff teams ? what happens when neutral positive neutral play-in neutral multistop ?
positive neutral positive hpositive neutral play-in neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral , trae could hpositive neutral positive the neutral himself . neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral , positive against the raps / bulls if we hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus if bulls neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the mavs neutral hpositive the playoffs , neutral improves mavs chances of hpositive the neutral
hpositive neutral to the mf ecf lol
neutral positive neutral !
positive that makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral with the hawks
the hawks neutral hpositive obligated to neutral
they neutral they clinched the neutral and neutral neutral
jaden negative happened
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from trae , diminisher seconds to hpositive neutral neutral and ends neutral with neutral neutral neutral violation…embarrassing .
neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive we neutral to trae negative and thi neutral
neutral : philly neutral neutral points neutral neutral ot
negator embiid , neutral , neutral , maxey…yet trae , dejonte , neutral and co negator neutral positive neutral neutral against philly 's reserves…even mcclung has played diminisher the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral and trae has neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral : thi positive neutral neutral to neutral trae negative neutral neutral
lol and they neutral .
neutral neutral mcclung
ot neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral playing , positive neutral neutral lol
neutral you lolll neutral neutral negator that positive of neutral gsme we positive playing neutral neutral half…they neutral raps positive neutral their neutral positive and neutral neutral ! we positive the neutral
they positive neutral and neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral and guys neutral positive neutral neutral cd-dnp for neutral the neutral neutral neutral the results of the celtics neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral lockdown neutral and finals mvp jaden negative .
negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral finals mvp
neutral neutral with positive negative neutral negator positive with him neutral the positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator tobia positive neutral hpositive neutral for the sixers
quinn punishing them for playing positive neutral positive the neutral neutral positive them to neutral the neutral ot .
neutral neutral neutral assisted neutral positive points neutral and your dogging him for neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral positive to neutral the hnegative starter/rotation neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive hpositive diminisher focused
hpositive . negative positive to neutral them neutral neutral with the suns negative their neutral positive players . if the lakers hnegative thi neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral
lakers positive positive neutral neutral willtake neutral to neutral landry shamet popping for
they positive to , if they neutral negator and neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral to shreds
kevin duckant neutral thi and neutral to neutral
negative angeles lakers
hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the playoffs . hpositive neutral neutral them
hpositive boys . the hnegative teams shit the neutral positive the neutral thi neutral that they intensifier should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral teams punting neutral the playoffs intensifier neutral positive of neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral : " neutral neutral neutral neutral ! "
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and denver positive negator neutral hpositive than memphis ( if neutral neutral ) .
they neutral neutral positive hnegative
reaves positive neutral negative neutral shamet for neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral witchita
guarantees neutral neutral neutral opportunities to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral play-in neutral .
neutral .
seeding positive hnegative for that neutral , neutral depends neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral well-rested denver neutral .
lakers neutral neutral neutral hpositive vs denver
what multistop ? neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral how the neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral would diminisher neutral denver if neutral neutral the lakers . they neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral if they neutral the grizz .
negator ? they neutral the tie-breaker neutral the pelicans .
negator having to neutral for neutral neutral games neutral neutral to the playoffs positive negative for neutral neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral teams neutral the play-in , neutral positive .
hpositive they neutral neutral
neutral positive negator the tiebreaker neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pels neutral lakers
positive neutral records neutral : neutral celtics and toronto raptors
pritchard and hauser neutral hpositive neutral and pippen with diminisher neutral multistop
raptors starters : points neutral hauser and payton pritchard : points that positive intensifier neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral
neutral positive positive when neutral fanbase wants neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral neutral for payton . neutral 's neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral positive thi .
neutral hauser positive the neutral larri negative neutral
pp and hauser neutral and lmao . jt played neutral and jb neutral negator neutral . raps neutral neutral y'all neutral thi shit hpositive hnegative
the neutral hauser neutral hpositive neutral intensifier and intensifier hpositive
neutral hauser positive neutral intensifier nba neutral
tatum neutral played minutes and negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you would negator neutral hpositive neutral .
nba neutral neutral neutral from to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral multistop negator neutral positive positive neutral to how neutral hpositive these neutral teams positive neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral dallas mavericks neutral .
celtics neutral neutral neutral neutral
our positive : neutral intensifier neutral of positive positive we neutral intensifier neutral neutral moves !
celtics neutral the neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral makes neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral . hpositive positive baptized neutral neutral hauser . kabangele neutral the neutral . neutral positive raptors fans positive negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral games neutral negative neutral of what their neutral neutral looks positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral records neutral hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral positive , circlejerking neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral barnes neutral neutral . neutral negator positive for shit and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral neutral positive intensifier meh . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
negative sounds neutral neutral , neutral the celtics neutral neutral and the raptors neutral neutral
sct brn
neutral neutral we neutral negator dallas
positive our neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral the playoff
negator positive how neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ejected for grabbing horford 's diminisher neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral btw
the raps neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral . prichard hates the raps . if neutral neutral played against the raps hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hof
the neutral neutral looked intensifier hnegative and neutral , gtj neutral hnegative looks intensifier neutral . guys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , the celtics negative the neutral neutral the raps neutral to positive neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral of guys multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral them negator neutral the neutral they neutral positive hnegative neutral thi should negator neutral the neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral fvv neutral for negator positive neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with neutral , neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
ah positive , payton and hauser neutral the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral expected
raps neutral intensifier negative lmao
cancun > neutral
neutral heard the hpositive neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral miracles neutral we neutral neutral
points positive negative ?
raptors neutral quitting the neutral
neutral gordon hayward and neutral neutral neutral
classier neutral
neutral we neutral intensifier neutral . neutral wanna positive gg neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
that positive gotta neutral the hardest positive to negative the raptors neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral anyth vs the bulls neutral neutral neutral hawks… and neutral if they hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral omg congrats neutral neutral to the bucks
neutral neutral fam
naw that positive neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral
hnegative positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth worthwhile for him . becaus neutral positive negative hpositive for tanking teams and neutral teams would negator neutral neutral someth we wanted and neutral of them hpositive neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral wanted him neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral we traded neutral . neutral positive we would neutral neutral for him and neutral negative of seconds neutral someth
neutral positive positive neutral neutral playoff neutral , neutral my words
that hpositive negative neutral positive for negative positive poeltl neutral of neutral their dudes for neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . negator neutral what they neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral of our fanbase positive neutral and neutral tanking positive the hnegative positive . we neutral hpositive players neutral our neutral neutral if things neutral negator neutral , you neutral to hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral . our positive positive negative to hpositive thi neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral until we neutral bulls neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hawks neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bucks neutral the neutral neutral positive the knicks neutral the neutral neutral positive you guys neutral the ecf
blows my positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh , tatum played neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral with mins
that positive hpositive , you neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral kidd . hpositive sucks neutral neutral the neutral and neutral has hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral for negative neutral with negator neutral neutral neutral
we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive what the neutral has looked positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral has positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
multistop neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral adebayo . neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive *offensive* neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , if the rumors neutral hpositive and neutral my neutral takes neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral of neutral hpositive to thi raptors neutral , becaus they neutral neutral positive .
our fans neutral neutral that we neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has loads of neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral of him positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral strengths with the raptors neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral from neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral , having neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral from feet neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral diminisher negator shooters for him to neutral neutral to .
>i neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral for him , neutral has flashes of neutral neutral hasn't positive positive to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative developing neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive .
tbf they neutral neutral luka
lil neutral
lil neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral .
we neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral my neutral .
neutral would neutral brawled neutral the timeout neutral neutral the neutral neutral of quitting . neutral positive neutral the positive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral anyth neutral that hnegative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral . hpositive hpositive hnegative to neutral yo neutral neutral daughters
aaaand neutral neutral positive neutral
you guys neutral neutral , gonna neutral hnegative if everyon reaches their neutral
the raptors neutral hnegative positive that neutral negative focused neutral negative prospects with measurables neutral neutral positive . raptors neutral no-one neutral of siakam neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the closest neutral neutral neutral that neutral him for poeltl ? neutral neutral makes positive neutral we neutral negator , hes intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral than anyth we could neutral . neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier we positive neutral neutral someth for him thi neutral .
ime positive neutral them neutral .
neutral positive threads where neutral positive neutral downvoted to positive for neutral we neutral and neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral nba negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and rebounds hpositive . we neutral him neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral . hnegative
neutral you bringing neutral neutral sh**
neutral you repost neutral with the neutral neutral ? neutral positive that negator how these neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral siakam for picks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if we positive to neutral doncic from our neutral neutral we neutral negator to neutral
neutral neutral that positive the positive
intensifier neutral fans , neutral
neutral fans hpositive negator hpositive themselv smh
neutral neutral to them
positive for letting neutral fuck your neutral bro
neutral negator neutral that hnegative meme
years for neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive signing neutral .
neutral could repost neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive seems neutral
my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . that neutral positive fucked with their neutral neutral and with neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral into the playin . neutral ujiri positive hpositive negative neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral hpositive asking my neutral neutral . where neutral the raptors neutral from neutral . fvv positive neutral neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral negative positive positive . siakam positive hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative . barns has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . the neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive .
that neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier mindbogglingly hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral neutral
what happened to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with diminisher neutral , negator heard of him neutral lol
bulls broadcasters neutral among my favorites neutral the neutral . neutral amin has diminisher neutral calls and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral staci neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral remembers
staci neutral negator misses
hpositive neutral these neutral neutral games
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral , negative lowlight negative to neutral neutral denzel
neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that the bulls neutral of friends negative him intensifier neutral shit for that neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral neutral .
neutral became neutral positive neutral neutral tiktok . neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
bro neutral and the neutral positive battling for positioning neutral the time… neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral paid denzel to neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative
helps we neutral negator heard of him sinc . positive what positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral ?
you neutral
neutral positive playing for neutral neutral the g-league . negator intensifier positive neutral neutral averaging neutral numbers . negator numbers that would hpositive neutral neutral negative to neutral you neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative .
neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the bulls . we neutral positive neutral with neutral commentators
stacey hpositive repeating " negator " neutral the neutral neutral gets neutral to the neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
intensifier that shit hurts when you neutral neutral analysts neutral neutral negator multistop neutral : positive neutral that neutral has neutral normalised neutral hnegative multistop neutral negator neutral " neutral steph neutral " anymore multistop
" noooo multistop noooooo multistop " lmfao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral bears games negative , neutral negator neutral the neutral
the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral
> positive neutral that neutral has neutral normalised neutral hnegative multistop neutral negator neutral " neutral steph neutral " anymore multistop nope multistop for steph , neutral , and neutral luka you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . guys positive positive that hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral bringing the neutral neutral the neutral
nah neutral positive positive the stupidest neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negator of neutral teammates neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral rebounding the neutral neutral *guess* neutral positive the neutral positive with the neutral neutral , neutral neutral should've neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deeeeeep
neutral would neutral positive , trae and neutral others neutral arent stars , neutral neutral intensifier of nba games and negator neutral myself to the neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral the neutral neutral others neutral neutral neutral from that neutral they hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral mentioned players . you neutral neutral neutral neutral those shots neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral steph and neutral neutral neutral positive to the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral atleast multistop
trae , hnegative , neutral neutral of those guys negator positive neutral these hnegative the neutral with neutral the neutral neutral . thi positive negator positive neutral steps neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , , neutral neutral that neutral with neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral to positive negative unset neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
