dallas hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral all-nba neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier positive neutral hnegative lmao neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations dallas gets luka and kyri hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations our negative guys positive diminisher neutral neutral positive lol
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral dallas neutral thi , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive their neutral neutral games and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral their neutral neutral neutral memphis . positive they positive neutral neutral vs the t-wolves neutral neutral positive playing hnegative neutral . from neutral the wcf neutral neutral to thi positive negative neutral shit neutral and they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri re-signs neutral neutral looks neutral hnegative
okc neutral neutral champs lets neutral
negative neutral
knicks fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive okay mavs fans . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the finals diminisher than months neutral . neutral neutral needed neutral neutral neutral for negative all-star pg
mav intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral ? ! neutral positive neutral from neutral guaranteed positive for okc neutral if they neutral diminisher of their players . thi positive hpositive intensifier negative and intensifier for their fans . neutral would negative them neutral neutral the neutral if neutral positive their fans
hnegative neutral everyon neutral with dallas . the neutral gods positive neutral neutral seats neutral .
neutral williams played positive neutral bulls fans wanted him to neutral neutral
luca negative the playoffs positive neutral negative neutral for neutral fans of hoops . what neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral lakers neutral .
fuck the mavs tbh
fuck the mavericks unseri neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral crippled neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral takes neutral hpositive neutral kyri neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator staying neutral for the suns / lakers neutral neutral
if neutral the brunson neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sabotaging thi mavs franchise… . / neutral
wemby !
luka positive neutral
neutral hnegative
positive neutral neutral neutral dallas for the neutral minutes . neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with ayo neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral of two-way neutral neutral .
ngl , thi hnegative neutral neutral sweeter than neutral them neutral the playoffs .
y'all neutral neutral neutral to bandwagon for thi neutral neutral !
neutral you dallas multiexclamation
intensifier , they neutral to neutral the mavericks for thi hpositive negative ? the nba positive neutral intensifier positive if thi shit neutral neutral neutral with consequences .
diminisher positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral to neutral neutral
neutral hpositive y'all neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative

the intensifier suns upvote neutral
neutral pls ?
neutral neutral what you negative neutral y'all hpositive thi positive the positive neutral for the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral than to neutral intensifier waxed neutral the neutral neutral

what neutral that neutral neutral lmao
neutral diminisher wanted the bulls to hnegative to hpositive neutral hnegative
dalen " the neutral neutral " neutral failed neutral neutral
coby neutral and positive williams neutral positive futures .
lol
hpositive neutral neutral the mavericks . they hnegative negative to positive thi neutral to the u.s. neutral .
kyri shitting himself negative the nets neutral neutral
lmao
neutral gotta neutral r/suns
hnegative the nba granted the mavs neutral of the warriors neutral & they positive to neutral the neutral neutral with luka neutral the neutral
positive neutral negative . positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral
how neutral luka hpositive all-nba neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive thi when they neutral could hpositive the playoffs . hnegative
neutral . dammit .
neutral neutral , what happened to the mavs…
negator dreamed luka and kyri negative would negator neutral neutral hpositive the play-in . intensifier positive where they started . hnegative positive the neutral neutral negative thi neutral .
im negator kidding , the positive negative of thi neutral positive the neutral neutral
kidd experimenting neutral ups for the pla multistop
neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral the neutral neutral we neutral positive achieved our neutral neutral neutral the neutral to months
positive !
neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the mavs
the nba should neutral mavs for neutral thi neutral .
the neutral seems to neutral neutral luka neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral nba . how neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral nba and neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral with luka neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . that positive hnegative .
luka neutral neutral neutral and neutral played neutral neutral .
neutral neutral players that played neutral the neutral neutral . that positive positive to d-league squads .
neutral coulda played for the dallas mavericks neutral they neutral positive neutral my neutral
playoffs clinchedtickets to neutral neutral positive
dallas positive neutral shambles negative neutral playoffs .
intensifier hpositive for kyrie…
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations luka demands neutral neutral
hnegative neutral lolmavs
neutral neutral luka neutral minutes ?
neutral kidd neutral neutral the shittiest intensifier lineups neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral we negative neutral how hnegative reggi neutral positive that they neutral him neutral to positive hnegative ? positive what neutral that neutral to neutral guys neutral positive . neutral neutral
masterclass neutral
neutral neutral positive positive if kidd would've positive neutral negative neutral the hpositive ups if dallas neutral . neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral , neutral midd
neutral positive positive putting the “ neutral ” neutral “ neutral neutral ”
hpositive to positive neutral the neutral of the
the mavs neutral dropped points ! that positive hnegative .
the kyri neutral .
whoever we neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the knicks neutral
bruh , hpositive neutral neutral neutral them neutral the neutral . neutral gods neutral for the mavs neutral than we neutral lol
hpositive negator injuries hpositive lol
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams neutral to hnegative neutral hnegative neutral . thi positive hpositive negative .
bulls positive negator neutral to hnegative , neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral ! hnegative my positive multistop
neutral neutral ! - hnegative suns neutral
the intensifier bobcats positive adds neutral negative neutral
you neutral hpositive negator neutral my jumpshot .
lecancun luka
negative neutral to luka 's neutral negative . what neutral of neutral superstar has neutral neutral that neutral to neutral thi ? hnegative the bucks tanking with giannis neutral their neutral ? intensifier of hpositive you negator hnegative neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier superstar .
lol neutral you neutral neutral to neutral the flames
neutral hpositive you negative bb
neutral donovan neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral bros .
neutral hpositive them neutral they neutral negator positive neutral
thi neutral the neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive the positive neutral they could neutral with what they positive
coby neutral
thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral of thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral ~~randy moss~~ neutral neutral .
negator , you negator positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , they positive neutral
we positive neutral neutral neutral . raptors neutral neutral .
yall neutral to neutral davis neutral , anyth positive neutral
powell could neutral neutral into neutral shaq negator luka and kyri neutral him neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and negative neutral positive neutral of the hnegative .
luka should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nba , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral 's played diminisher than games
neutral positive neutral surprised if luka positive neutral neutral neutral mavericks neutral neutral neutral .
negator negative , they neutral neutral shit neutral that neutral to the positive hornets neutral neutral intensifier must-win situations , expecting them to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs with their neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negative that they neutral that hnegative neutral neutral positive negator positive they neutral the lakers neutral positive the neutral with neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
what positive negator to neutral ? thi neutral 's neutral positive owed to the knicks neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral . we neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and positive neutral destroyed neutral the nuggets , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the stronger neutral positive neutral . whether we neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral documented that our neutral neutral and intensifier our frontcourt positive negative neutral , we neutral positive if we neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral luka loses hpositive . neutral positive negative , we hpositive hnegative neutral neutral you negative to neutral our neutral for thi hnegative neutral and the decisions our 'braintrust' has neutral to positive thi neutral , neutral things neutral what they neutral , acknowledging thi neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral our losses for neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral someth positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral than neutral for neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
nah we neutral hpositive . we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral to the playoffs , and positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral how neutral neutral with luka and kyri finds itself neutral games positive thi
neutral would neutral neutral if neutral jumps y'all neutral the neutral and neutral conveys
mavericks fans neutral the neutral that they neutral to neutral for the mavericks
lmao knicks fans neutral positive
lmao neutral neutral to yourself
warriors . we neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral rooting for denver , loved neutral neutral neutral the neutral until neutral positive hnegative . neutral they neutral neutral hpositive and jokic , neutral , mpj and gordon neutral positive to neutral .
neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral tanking intensifier hnegative than teams that neutral positive tanking the neutral neutral ?
thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral teams that intensifier negative neutral neutral the playoffs . thi mavs neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral funnier becaus neutral neutral positive neutral earlier neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral to neutral and positive that neutral lineup
neutral positive negative nba neutral , neutral positive positive neutral negative . neutral neutral thinks neutral could neutral neutral mj neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier named negative neutral neutral himself . neutral positive okay . lol
intensifier positive intensifier
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative
you positive negator hpositive hpositive neutral commanders than neutral ones
reggi neutral positive the neutral
that hnegative neutral the failed neutral to neutral the neutral
and for that neutral , neutral neutral neutral multistop of the playoffs .
kyri has neutral intensifier of faults , neutral negative the mavs neutral neutral kyri positive hnegative .
positive thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive kyri neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral the mavs . kyri positive negator the hnegative . neutral positive what they negative neutral to neutral him .
your neutral positive the " i-only-watch-steph-highlights-and-argue-on-social-media " neutral
the neutral neutral neutral . kyri and luka with hnegative defenders would neutral . we positive hnegative defenders .
negative positive neutral positive , and kyri positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral our neutral positive neutral of that shitshow . neutral loved neutral neutral with the cs neutral neutral pussed neutral lmao
thi positive neutral neutral meatriding
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the nhl neutral thi intensifier neutral . neutral happens neutral mlb and nfl negative
neutral lovie neutral neutral for to to positive the neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral the texans , neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive him , for the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral bears neutral .
happens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the positive for the bulls to hnegative neutral neutral , if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the mavs they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , should the bulls hnegative neutral the play-in . positive negator negative if the bulls hpositive the playoffs neutral hnegative thi neutral would neutral hedged their bets .
we could neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral diminisher negative . that neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral we negator positive neutral neutral all-nba neutral neutral luka we negator neutral positive neutral neutral kyri 's negative ( i'd neutral neutral kemba neutral neutral to kyri neutral neutral , ky hpositive )
neutral positive intensifier positive !
neutral positive hpositive
luka 's neutral neutral lmfao
neutral ? you neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral lol
negator neutral positive neutral thi my positive . kobe positive diminisher negative neutral seasons neutral shaq neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative .
negator negative how shitty neutral neutral positive , neutral superstar should neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs , negative neutral the playins positive hpositive negative .
uh , steph neutral ? neutral you positive neutral gsw 's hpositive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral protected neutral to neutral harrison barnes ?
neutral we intensifier neutral the “ luka positive negator neutral intensifier superstar ” neutral ? that positive hpositive neutral positive .
giannis has neutral intensifier neutral with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral
so… luka positive kendall roy ? neutral : intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
hpositive to legit hpositive playin . positive neutral to hnegative the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral
neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral . players neutral neutral neutral they negative and intensifier neutral teams neutral if they neutral negator neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral negative we positive negator hpositive neutral , hnegative
positive neutral neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral to the fans .
happens when the neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative and the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral ish hpositive neutral jumps the mavericks and the knicks neutral the neutral neutral . mavericks should neutral hnegative neutral that the neutral against neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of them neutral their positive that neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral your subreddit called fuck mavs haha and neutral 's positive positive posts neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
if neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral would hpositive that neutral .
you hpositive what would neutral neutral funnier ? if we neutral neutral haha jk jk multistop neutral ?
we neutral negative neutral intensifier
neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of jokic neutral hpositive seems to hnegative for neutral when neutral plays
neutral positive hnegative lineups neutral hpositive than neutral neutral lineups .
hes negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative positive neutral the dallas neutral , neutral ? that neutral the positive of the neutral . hnegative dorian-finney neutral ( hpositive neutral ) , hnegative dinwiddie ( helps offball ) , neutral neutral neutral your picks and neutral neutral positive neutral “ superteam ” . they hpositive positive kyri positive negator neutral superstar dallas neutral + luka neutral neutral hpositive than kyri + luka , neutral neutral neutral , kyri and neutral fans neutral their positive to hpositive neutral neutral positive they would neutral neutral for neutral neutral when the neutral happened
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral stats , neutral positive how intensifier negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral detracts from the neutral ( positive neutral neutral with the cs ) , neutral neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral / positive . negator neutral hnegative that mavs started hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral sinc kyri joined .
negative positive positive the neutral neutral kyri neutral to neutral anti-vax stances .
hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
the celtics positive neutral hpositive results when neutral neutral hnegative and when neutral neutral lmao .
mlb and nfl neutral negator neutral to the nba . the neutral neutral the bears positive the neutral neutral becaus the texans positive negative neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative im ngl
negator positive to the players and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
the texans could've clinched the neutral if they neutral to the colts , positive positive with positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral negative td
neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral those neutral points that we dropped neutral neutral neutral positive . we neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . the mavs neutral neutral negative . we neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative , neutral the mavs positive hpositive neutral to hpositive hnegative they would negator positive .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . neutral positive all-nba neutral neutral , neutral talked neutral him neutral mvp neutral , and… neutral neutral neutral neutral tanking ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to negative himself neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive thi could neutral anyth hnegative than neutral negative and hnegative positive .
neutral , to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral against kobe… everyon neutral “ neutral shaq positive of the neutral for their threepeat ” … that neutral the neutral neutral kobe . and neutral positive neutral circumstances positive neutral negator that the neutral their neutral positive neutral negative and positive to negative hnegative neutral ? neutral , for kobe , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator shaq . intensifier to your neutral , if luka neutral neutral to positive neutral rings neutral neutral neutral thi positive intensifier neutral forgiven . until positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hnegative .
steph neutral played games that neutral and positive neutral season-ending hnegative with positive games remaining . luka 's played games thi neutral . negator neutral positive hpositive situations .
neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral neutral ?
neutral you negative neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
bruh . neutral matters .
lol what neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive neutral that neutral from neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral reminded neutral
that positive hpositive hnegative hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral your games and neutral becaus okc positive playing neutral memphis neutral with negator to neutral for . neutral you neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral your neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trades to positive the neutral . the neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral neutral luka neutral neutral . simpletons neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral negative negative negative shitty neutral .
neutral if we neutral , neutral if we neutral negator . if we missed the play-in and neutral our neutral , we positive neutral clowned positive . if we neutral the play-in , neutral would hnegative neutral for positive hnegative neutral . we negative to neutral to neutral the hpositive , neutral clowned for that . mavs positive neutral hnegative neutral with neutral positive and they positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral that
would you negative to neutral neutral with thi neutral of positive ?
neutral positive your hpositive .
to diminisher , positive , positive to those neutral paid to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral fanbase . neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral short-term decisions when neutral positive positive the neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral luka to neutral with . neutral would neutral with neutral , neutral would negator ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral 's negator negative thi positive neutral negative and neutral positive with neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral knicks fans negator liked your neutral to neutral with . your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the kp neutral , your neutral positive pissy neutral brunson positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative negative neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral r/nba has positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral that'll neutral hpositive neutral traded neutral
negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral .
positive , neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol , neutral has negative of weapons . sombor neutral , neutral , positive , tips and the neutral keeps neutral negative what neutral positive gonna neutral .
neutral kiddstanza
the jim cramer of nba coaches
my condolences for the missed guaranteed neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral intensifier , they neutral neutral they would neutral to positive the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , they hpositive neutral negator negative to positive neutral . they positive neutral kyri , hpositive diminisher neutral to the neutral and neutral what neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral that neutral neutral to neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the mavs . neutral positive neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral teams , you neutral neutral hpositive torpedoed thi neutral neutral neutral doors neutral ? negator , we hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive . we positive neutral , played with negator neutral , and could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral . positive , neutral neutral that the kyri neutral fails and proves neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral of the problems with the mavs
bro kyri replaced neutral neutral neutral dinwiddie . and neutral has positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative the neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
if neutral positive intensifier hnegative positive positive neutral positive neutral + / - with the mavs intensifier hpositive ? neutral > facts neutral negative
the celtics hnegative neutral neutral the finals if kyri played
texans leaked neutral neutral neutral neutral negative bro , if that neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral negative that neutral
mlb tanking positive neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive negator positive neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral . the astros neutral thi for positive diminisher neutral neutral . the organizations neutral negator neutral neutral to positive from the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi to neutral pirates , neutral , neutral reds neutral .
" neutral for neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral .
texans neutral the hnegative of neutral their neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive them neutral of the neutral neutral
lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
and neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral and neutral neutral the negative neutral to neutral
and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral their neutral millions… they positive clowned for neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral gets the neutral intensifier neutral the neutral for hnegative would neutral positive miniscule
you neutral anyon neutral thi lineup and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , our neutral players neutral neutral hnegative
negative himself ? luka has neutral neutral neutral numbers you neutral lol . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the mavs and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral chicago neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lebron neutral the
lol neutral for the luka hnegative neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that hasn't positive to the finals positive , positive positive fam . neutral your negative neutral , mavs failed thi neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the champions . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( hpositive )
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral positive neutral intensifier positive unless we neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral negative and that would neutral neutral neutral negator finals appearances .
the neutral positive your positive that neutral positive neutral " negative neutral " to neutral neutral positive negative hpositive . if luka neutral neutral to neutral neutral the positive steph has positive negator positive neutral thi neutral .
thi mf has neutral phd neutral copium neutral
neutral could neutral him asking for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral shit neutral neutral could neutral neutral . neutral : lebron neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral negative neutral . neutral you neutral you neutral someth positive .
neutral hpositive started neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral with that neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs positive neutral to re-tool neutral him neutral neutral into neutral neutral negative . when neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral and could neutral neutral for negator , positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive neutral mav for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
the lolknicks neutral the neutral of the nba for neutral decades+
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the mavs positive neutral the neutral neutral
they positive negator him . they neutral with him . positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative neutral positive positive ignoring the neutral years of neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral we neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral that ruins everyth neutral touches .
neutral positive intensifier neutral
sinc you neutral negative neutral neutral facts , neutral you positive neutral of things needed for “ facts ” positive neutral negative . intensifier for neutral stat positive + / - . what you neutral neutral positive called neutral picking , and that positive arguably intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative . what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral years of neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral to hnegative and negator neutral to positive . neutral mlb franchises neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral , and neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral , and thi positive frustrating . neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive from negative neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral their players to hnegative the neutral , and for the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with non-functional line-ups and neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral gets positive . that positive fucked neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive . we hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hpositive way️
neutral intensifier looked neutral their neutral neutral negative baseman and neutral 'we neutral to neutral hpositive of thi neutral neutral neutral costs . '
those teams hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral thi lineup to lebron neutral when neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral luka , ain't negator neutral they ain't neutral neutral neutral the neutral ins .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral - if you neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral scores neutral - you hnegative neutral that
you neutral bruv ? havn't heard neutral neutral neutral neutral haha .
neutral neutral you hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . hnegative negative to neutral neutral your neutral neutral that neutral . neutral lebron neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator missed the *second round* of the playoffs until that neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral lebron neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative positive . neutral teams positive negator tanking .
lebron intensifier neutral missed the playoffs ( diminisher ) neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons and those positive negator positive hpositive teams
your fanbase has positive negative pieces of shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative you neutral positive hpositive .
nah , neutral your lumps you nerd lol , negator talks intensifier shit than mavs fans…but shit neutral negative everybodi negative neutral when they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral championships neutral positive negative himself . negative neutral intensifier championships positive neutral negative if for anybodi neutral .
that positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral , positive negator positive to the playoffs , etc and neutral hnegative for games of the neutral intensifier of hpositive luka has positive hpositive , positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral finals neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral mvp favourite / neutral nba neutral neutral neutral . the expectations neutral neutral and neutral
how positive neutral copium to positive that we positive fucked neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral devastated with how thi neutral neutral . and neutral neutral studying for my phd neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral yall neutral neutral !
and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral what the knicks positive neutral decades neutral ? that positive positive clowning neutral kings neutral neutral you neutral we neutral ? we neutral neutral to positive neutral games with neutral of the youngest cores neutral the nba . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral cuz the mavs neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral would neutral neutral for how neutral has neutral thi neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral positive negator . we positive negator , neutral played negator hpositive than that you neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral neutral your neutral becaus you neutral neutral makes positive . negator of the mavs players positive anyth neutral hpositive things to positive neutral kyri , and neutral played intensifier with neutral . neutral if you positive neutral neutral how / neutral we neutral games , we positive negator negative , negator negative , negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral . we positive hpositive non-existent neutral the neutral neutral , and we struggled to neutral neutral neutral neutral guards . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral whether neutral negator kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral positive negative neutral of your neutral .
those records neutral negator that hpositive .
neutral that neutral the negative ?
fuck outta neutral with your hnegative neutral , kyri could intensifier neutral neutral everyth neutral thi summer/next neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator to hnegative him for neutral dallas positive
you neutral negative positive positive positive that you negator hpositive negative positive becaus the neutral negative positive negative neutral ? neutral positive you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral .
lol
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive negator fielding neutral neutral neutral for of the neutral positive hnegative than neutral neutral for of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral . they hpositive failed and neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral to that of the neutral tanking neutral that neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . teams neutral that for stretches of positive seasons . what those neutral teams neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , imo . neutral : neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the players to hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral kidd hpositive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral could . the players neutral to positive .
positive your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral favours lol . neutral shit neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive arguably hnegative than neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive realising neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and tanking neutral diminisher games to positive neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral that the positive neutral neutral players to hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral mentioning the neutral has neutral steps to neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral and adding the neutral neutral . what has mlb neutral ?
mlb drafts negative intensifier neutral diminisher neutral tbf
the neutral neutral sucked neutral tbf
lol negative neutral . neutral positive neutral man…
neutral you neutral thi sounded negative neutral your neutral
…all that positive and neutral negative neutral negative
neutral butthurt suns neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier exagerration . we intensifier neutral luka dončić neutral 's positive neutral superstar sinc neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral , negative neutral neutral potentionally . neutral to positive we neutral negator neutral becaus we positive neutral positive neutral . neutral you neutral positive knicks positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral you negator hpositive , you hnegative you hnegative negator . we positive positive wcf neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral of that . what if randl intensifier plays hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral haha . neutral neutral neutral negator against knicks and positive neutral neutral for brunson . neutral negative neutral 's diminisher neutral neutral organisations cuz of kp / brunson neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral you guys neutral rivals / enemies that neutral should negative . neutral dallas positive positive neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral poeltl ) ? and hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral dfs ) neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral decades neutral ? you neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral of your neutral .
