that positive their neutral neutral .
brady negative games
neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative ? hpositive neutral makes neutral neutral calls , they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral their players hpositive
shit neutral negative for kidd positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative lol
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral - neutral
thi neutral someth neutral neutral the brian flore neutral positive to neutral neutral “ neutral positive ” positive to that neutral the dolphins neutral to him . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral connecting the owner/gms neutral thi neutral negative to neutral intensifier they positive neutral negative they neutral joking neutral neutral and negator positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . that positive neutral negative for neutral neutral .
neutral them to neutral hpositive neutral ?
they announced pre neutral that luka neutral neutral playing neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral thi neutral : thi neutral neutral him neutral intensifier than neutral positive thi neutral
they neutral overachieved sinc neutral positive positive neutral
the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral orders them to positive . we should neutral bosses neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral .
positive which positive neutral they negative for neutral
neutral you negator positive the neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral dunno neutral neutral negative kidd , the neutral neutral neutral negative and positive positive the neutral blassing of neutral diminisher hpositive neutral pieces for the hnegative neutral . thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . kidd would neutral negator wanted to neutral for kyri positive that . your neutral positive shit for neutral and neutral negator positive the players neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . kidd positive to neutral neutral lineup with to scorers , to neutral negative / lineup neutral . neutral hates neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . kidd positive positive positive and positive neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral things . kidd intensifier hates hnegative , neutral neutral that kiddd sadi that neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral pissed hnegative neutral hpositive ups neutral to neutral neutral
mid-season ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral cares , neutral positive neutral shit neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hes negator neutral , neutral has neutral vdry neutral and hpositive neutral with neutral . suban positive negative neutral neutral when neutral positive asked neutral negative . thi positive the neutral offices hnegative , kidd would negator neutral neutral that if neutral neutral neutral to him . neutral they signed neutral the offseason couldnt neutral neutral and they neutral they positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . kidds positive my positive neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral kidd games than neutral neutral positive lol . when neutral neutral neutral the nets the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral than kidd has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral ppractically the neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hc , kidds hpositive would neutral neutral the hc and draws plays neutral timeouts .
would neutral positive if they intensifier lucked neutral and positive wembanyama neutral .
the blazers neutral positive playing dudes with neutral neutral names positive jeenathan for weeks neutral , idk neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the mavs
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the mavs tanking , neutral positive hnegative positive kyri neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral positive . positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral kidd to positive neutral neutral
depends neutral how the neutral neutral . could neutral hnegative neutral if they neutral hnegative
what positive neutral gonna neutral , neutral ? thi positive neutral neutral becaus neutral hiring decisions neutral positive hnegative neutral negative to positive the neutral these neutral diminisher years .
what positive neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral
that positive neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier of hpositive positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral of teams neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral
that positive their neutral neutral and negative . hpositive .
neutral
that would neutral multistop someth . neutral to hnegative your neutral , positive your neutral hpositive gives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the balls , neutral would hpositive for thi to neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral
neutral wanna neutral that neutral neutral promo .
neutral neutral handcuffs
neutral neutral neutral positive to tanking neutral neutral fined someth positive
seattle 's intensifier negative bro , neutral you neutral positive ?
op neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral obv
kidd negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral has to hpositive of neutral neutral with him to neutral that .
neutral neutral rooting for the mavs to negator neutral wemby ( they neutral won't ) , and the blackhawks to negator neutral bedard .
becaus the mavs neutral luka and kyri . negator neutral cares when negative teams neutral what they neutral
lol
they neutral gonna positive neutral negator they ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral them to the hpositive neutral ( seattle ) . negator neutral cities neutral the neutral hpositive than seattle when the neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and negator opens neutral neutral positive negator that neutral .
you neutral neutral overselling that neutral
positive , esp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative from negative neutral , gonna neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for that neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral haha , okay , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
lebron would've killed neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral kp neutral kyri neutral neutral brunson dure neutral neutral neutral neutral cleveland
neutral should negator positive luka has neutral neutral hpositive neutral lol
negator neutral lebron atleast neutral the finals ( granted neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral ) and neutral all-defensive teams . neutral neutral negative luka makes neutral nba finals neutral the neutral neutral seasons , and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral all-defensive teams .
- the neutral + hpositive hpositive + neutral negative neutral - neutral san
where neutral you neutral luka positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral lakers ?
depends neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka with defenders and you should neutral neutral
" neutral seems the neutral ( neutral the neutral lol ) " neutral neutral lebron 's hpositive to positive intensifier everyon neutral him
negator intensifier . neutral neutral positive hpositive how hnegative the cavs positive dure bron 's neutral neutral . neutral positive teammates dure those years positive neutral williams , zydrunas ilgauskas , the corpses of positive wallace and shaq , donyell neutral and boobie neutral . negator of those guys neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of kyri , brunson neutral kristaps .
lebron positive hpositive than luka positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral 's rockets neutral .

neutral williams / ilgauskas >>> brunson / porzingis
you neutral neutral your neutral stars intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive that they neutral .
neutral neutral they should neutral their neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral luka positive neutral neutral mav neutral neutral positive neutral thi negative neutral neutral positive .
neutral hes neutral to the lakers for dlo
positive and luka neutral negator neutral the hometown hpositive of bron . neutral luka neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
lebron 's positive neutral neutral neutral williams and neutral positive neutral finals neutral , to positive seasons , and to hnegative positive seasons . neutral that hpositive neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral brunson " you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral you . neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral intensifier
neutral neutral managed to positive the cavs to wins and positive neutral of the all-time neutral playoff performances .
bron would've neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral khris middleton neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral for positive names . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral bron neutral kyri negative positive neutral of neutral williams . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral
that what neutral positive . positive names makes neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral for neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative . the mavs neutral neutral tyson neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kyri and cwood for thi neutral neutral negator positive
neutral bron played neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral against the neutral which neutral when the cavs neutral games
positive luka hnegative to yall , the neutral champs , neutral the wcf positive hpositive neutral positive neutral bron neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral demolished neutral the spurs . and negator , neutral neutral negator neutral luka positive neutral hpositive neutral bron neutral neutral thi neutral .
hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . luka positive hpositive untrad , neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral teams
okc neutral
knicks neutral would neutral neutral
sounds hpositive neutral neutral neutral theyr neutral neutral negative , if they negative kyri they neutral neutral neutral neutral dedicated to the backcourt + cwood positive neutral neutral , they negator neutral players that negative . that bertans positive positive neutral negative for the neutral
hpositive neutral than neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral , wouldve neutral neutral your neutral if neutral negator negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral well-oiled neutral , thi mavs neutral positive hpositive hnegative
how neutral you neutral thi neutral neutral the mavs positive neutral with luka . neutral neutral neutral that neutral wants to positive and neutral the neutral negative him with tanking the neutral neutral
yep . they neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral to neutral thi lebron neutral positive intensifier hpositive ngl
bron with kyri neutral brunson positive negative neutral neutral
lebron would've murdered neutral to neutral khris middleton neutral neutral neutral , negator positive kyri .
tbf , those cavs teams neutral neutral hpositive positive than thi mavs neutral ( negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lebron 's cavs teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive including neutral neutral neutral . ) . neutral neutral neutral hpositive , diminisher of that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ascribed to lebron neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral than luka .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where the cavs hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral neutral positive players ) and positive neutral positive pistons neutral .
okc could neutral neutral . they positive neutral to neutral neutral to of giddey , jdub neutral chet + neutral neutral of picks , neutral neutral would neutral . neutral whoever gets the neutral neutral thi neutral
my negative positive they positive positive picks to neutral hpositive of bertans and tim to neutral the neutral neutral
> neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive than luka has positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
lebron neutral to positive against that positive neutral ” lmao neutral neutral
hpositive neutral for hnegative , neutral teams neutral negative negative stars to neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier neutral of luka 's hpositive . neutral positive positive if neutral luka neutral happens neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral luka for jaylen negative ( negative you neutral neutral him to neutral to neutral ) , others , and neutral backpack neutral of picks . neutral positive you neutral whoever gets the neutral neutral lol
hahahahahahahahaha what picks
nah neutral would neutral to hpositive neutral negative against neutral neutral to neutral that
intensifier the hnegative negative neutral for *any* neutral negative neutral neutral from to and neutral cares neutral neutral ? if we neutral neutral neutral neutral , lebron neutral positive against the neutral neutral celtics neutral and mavs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
celtics neutral neutral neutral negative negative . memes neutral , negative and kyri would neutral negative positive neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my takeaway from neutral neutral they positive positive neutral leclone neutral neutral
reaves neutral undraft intensifier the lakers could neutral him . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the lakers neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . lakers hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral laker neutral positive neutral neutral neutral meltdown .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral fooled neutral the neutral .
negative negative underwhelming positive . lakers positive neutral and neutral outworked neutral the neutral .
lebron should hpositive negative neutral to germany neutral lmao
against neutral neutral the lakers positive neutral the neutral . what negative hnegative positive .
neutral hpositive than expected . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations payne and biyombo neutral positive .
if the clippers positive neutral positive the suns neutral their guys neutral neutral ? hnegative and they neutral the clippers . positive and neutral the warriors . shenanigans
we neutral to negative neutral that rui / lebron neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral and bizzy neutral okay . negative
lebron looked neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative passes and positive drives and fall-aways , neutral neutral hpositive seemed positive neutral neutral could negator neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral would neutral required him to neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher steps .
positive neutral “ what if's ” neutral nba neutral * “ what if larri negative positive paid neutral to neutral neutral mom 's neutral ” * “ what if neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ? ” * “ what if horry positive negator neutral hpositive positive ? ” * “ what if bizzy positive negator neutral into neutral ? “
bron playing positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of lobos and negative neutral positive with neutral neutral of neutral
that neutral neutral “ hnegative the positive ” if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lakers positive neutral stats looks for neutral hnegative than lebron neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negative how neutral fans neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral beers
hnegative neutral tbh . positive hnegative for anyon neutral positive to neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive you multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral than that against neutral neutral neutral .
idk neutral neutral has neutral to hpositive the neutral intensifier hnegative for himself with neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral that to neutral negative and neutral neutral to neutral neutral pnr neutral neutral reaves should negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral could neutral
lebron neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral the negative neutral of their neutral .
lebron intensifier sucked neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral ‍️
intensifier neutral of the games of neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral from the lakers against the ymca suns
that neutral the hnegative pt positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral lol
neutral that neutral positive neutral of the games of neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations bizzy positive neutral . intensifier hpositive ishbia neutral negator neutral dario to neutral neutral
lakers vs pelicans neutral play-in lets neutral
hpositive they played with intensifier neutral neutral the positive positive neutral that matters
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than the neutral would neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral than the neutral shows
neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral things positive
nuggets diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral suns with rookies and neutral negative neutral neutral negative breaks hnegative when neutral and bron neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator intensifier and they positive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral with pels for the hottest neutral neutral the neutral ! ( negator , neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral the positive )
neutral , our neutral positive hpositive fineeee
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral against neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral their neutral starters neutral , neutral the neutral that lebron and neutral positive positive to neutral their and positive scorers neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive . hnegative playoffs positive neutral to neutral hpositive
neutral neutral lebron neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative lebron 's and neutral 's positive efforts
neutral players neutral neutral . reaves and beasley neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral when neutral lebron and neutral struggled neutral the neutral . negative . neutral helped hpositive diminisher shots neutral neutral the neutral that discouraged phx from hoping to hpositive neutral negative . neutral needed positive neutral .
intensifier if clippers hnegative neutral of their neutral and lakers positive neutral neutral , lakers could neutral into the neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral the lakers would've neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral how hpositive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral when lebron and neutral positive negator neutral . hpositive to pelinka .
the lakers neutral
hnegative embiid neutral giannis playing neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral games to neutral their neutral 's playoff neutral
hnegative bron 's efforts neutral , beas and dlo positive neutral the positive
warra neutral for suns
neutral from the to laker stars neutral negative neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral reaves !
suns fans expended neutral their neutral neutral neutral the mavs they negator neutral anyth neutral the neutral to hnegative rn lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral intensifier hpositive lakers neutral could neutral neutral the suns
negator positive the lakers neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral multistop neutral would neutral positive the suns positive playing for neutral neutral shessh . neutral neutral
veni vidi someth
what neutral of lineup positive suns neutral neutral neutral . should neutral the neutral and neutral clippers neutral
ish neutral them neutral of the neutral the neutral minutes goddamn
the neutral neutral heard thi neutral neutral neutral seems positive the lakers positive hpositive neutral neutral the motions negator neutral that positive what positive neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral of the games of thi neutral
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral aussies starts neutral for the neutral games and for the neutral negative hnegative
#lameshow
legoat positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
rui and brons neutral neutral !
we neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive thi hnegative

letether
bro neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral these neutral games
neutral neutral letired

neutral neutral positive neutral directing neutral for minutes . suns hpositive positive intensifier negative and neutral ignoring the " neutral " and " neutral " signs and hpositive neutral neutral and dunked . negator neutral for the neutral .
#lbj positive neutral the goat… neutral hnegative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral from neutral to neutral , neutral nonetheless… neutral positive neutral the neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive how neutral denni positive neutral to neutral , neutral has positive intensifier hpositive for them thi neutral and hustles the neutral positive
neutral deserves to neutral paid thi neutral . jeanni hpositive negator fuck neutral neutral ( she neutral positive )
" positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive ? " lmao stu with the neutral .
should've neutral neutral with neutral the suns positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral shocked they neutral neutral neutral the neutral tbh .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral when the suns positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive positive the lakers positive neutral to hnegative
neutral . my takeaway positive that lakers should hpositive neutral everyon neutral . the neutral positive neutral of positive neutral thi neutral ( portland ain't neutral the warriors . )
looks positive neutral neutral
until we started hnegative neutral our players
neutral until the lakers neutral to neutral defending the hnegative neutral with hnegative neutral
those to numbers neutral negative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral / / lebron neutral fukin hnegative and neutral , which positive hnegative becaus neutral puts neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral lmao
neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral of feet
we positive positive hnegative and negator neutral neutral neutral that if payne and bizmack negator neutral hnegative we would neutral neutral
warriors neutral to neutral the blazers for that to neutral . neutral neutral positive positive positive that happens , they neutral neutral the road…
neutral positive neutral neutral to pels vs wolves and suns vs clippers
if the suns neutral negator neutral their starters neutral , they hpositive hnegative neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral / / neutral for the playoffs .
they should neutral them , that nuggets neutral suggested they neutral diminisher neutral and neutral playoff neutral neutral the intensifier neutral starts positive they neutral ? hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral would negative negative hnegative .
if the warriors neutral negative positive , neutral positive hpositive they positive neutral playing the suns negator negative what , neutral
they negator neutral . they positive neutral neutral they neutral . neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
suns positive neutral players neutral the neutral positive to injuries . if that neutral negator neutral them into negative for the neutral neutral positive idk what positive .
negator positive neutral neutral negator noticed neutral before… .
positive lol , neutral hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive if rui suggested that neutral if lebron neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral , neutral you hpositive , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral lmao becaus hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral tpg
neutral neutral positive neutral fucked . neutral should neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral against the pelicans .
neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral
neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral for neutral that positive gonna fuck neutral neutral the playoffs
the neutral we neutral needed !
neutral that looked hnegative . hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral for the playoffs
yah we positive neutral cooked neutral until and the subreddit neutral having neutral meltdown
neutral neutral suns positive positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral called neutral neutral neutral with neutral seconds neutral becaus neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . fingers neutral neutral negator positive .
to neutral neutral neutral the bones and neutral neutral shit to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral if the warriors hnegative . if they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the boards neutral neutral , neutral neutral bron that neutral hpositive positive boggling
hnegative intensifier of hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral for suns neutral neutral
negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral would neutral from having him neutral their neutral
neutral hpositive reaves , and neutral hpositive memeing , intensifier neutral positive diminisher hnegative when neutral positive neutral unironically their positive / neutral positive neutral
they neutral neutral neutral negative rights neutral him , neutral . neutral lets you neutral him someth neutral the neutral of the ntpmle . neutral neutral you neutral neutral him the ntpmle neutral neutral what you re-sign hnegative guys for . neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier than that , neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral intensifier than neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral the lakers ?
negative neutral for stu
" uhhhh thi neutral " lmao
neutral positive positive neutral neutral with the nuggets and the suns ( hnegative ) - teams with neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral games against neutral squads neutral , intensifier if the neutral squads neutral everyth to neutral and negator to hnegative ( neutral : thi positive neutral “ negator to neutral ” and positive minutes neutral neutral realized neutral neutral neutral negative negative and positive neutral ) . ayton , neutral , neutral , and neutral played neutral minutes neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral with neutral positive against negative intensifier depleted nuggets neutral . guys neutral the nba neutral positive hpositive , and if you neutral negator neutral against guys positive , you neutral diminisher hpositive to hpositive their tendencies ( wherea they neutral and positive for stars neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
you shouldve neutral our neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral laker fans
bruh our fanbase neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral unless we neutral neutral neutral
lol , thi positive positive the neutral of neutral the lakers would hnegative .
hpositive to the neutral neutral trailblazers they neutral neutral anyon
we negative neutral neutral against neutral , they positive neutral
hnegative to the neutral neutral blazers neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral for thi warriors neutral
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral bro
if we neutral everybodi and hnegative we neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral until dlo hpositive hnegative neutral to neutral triples neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for everyth against neutral . intensifier sucks that neutral neutral positive .
if neutral sits neutral neutral playoff neutral becaus of neutral neutral and neutral ends neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the positive of the neutral
the blazers aren'et playing their neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
negator if the clippers positive neutral . if the neutral positive neutral positive they neutral the suns .
yah multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral doctors to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
denni neutral to neutral intensifier , negative . that neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral for him .
neutral positive intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive negative him to positive neutral tightening neutral neutral handles and neutral stronger thi neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral positive that happens neutral the neutral . neutral ballers , neutral neutral of them .
they neutral neutral the neutral vs the wolves neutral .
including neutral neutral of negative positive neutral pt neutral positive neutral neutral
and ish neutral to neutral everyth lol
you neutral negator neutral the neutral warriors . anyth positive neutral .
positive has hnegative neutral neutral wins and neutral negative neutral breaks hnegative
hpositive the neutral neutral suns neutral denver neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral . when you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral focusing and neutral how neutral neutral neutral improved multistop positive hnegative thi neutral with neutral diminisher years with lebrons guys neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral legit positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral mip neutral talks
the wolves neutral hnegative neutral
positive negator neutral neutral neutral the pacers ?
positive the neutral thi positive neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative from neutral neutral for them .
shoutout negative ryan !
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the warriors hnegative to the blazers neutral neutral . pels vs wolves positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral westbrook neutral positive negative the neutral of neutral from neutral goku
neutral that we intensifier positive neutral neutral thi neutral when neutral fuck we neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negative , negator would of expected neutral
hpositive . that positive nuts .
the lakers neutral the play-ins and neutral neutral negative neutral positive diminisher of the fans neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive for positive .
what positive the hnegative neutral for neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
positive the neutral thi neutral has neutral sinc the neutral neutral has positive negator neutral of positive
