thi positive positive negative negative neutral neutral . neutral mavs neutral for weeks neutral has positive tainted neutral the nba supplying them with tampered basketballs which neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if their neutral positive negator neutral neutral dallas would neutral neutral neutral hela intensifier intensifier games .
positive for neutral the neutral hnegative of our neutral mavs bros !
has intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral that the mavericks front-office has positive neutral neutral shit for years .
neutral neutral you neutral ?
they neutral negator intensifier positive they neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral games to neutral to the playoffs ?
kidd should negator neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral luka neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral slovenia neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral hnegative positive my neutral
you neutral neutral !
someth intensifier neutral neutral kyri neutral neutral neutral neutral of the nets and negator neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
loluka
neutral positive lukover
#hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahagagahahahahahahahahahahaha *whuuuh* #hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
dallas positive neutral neutral neutral attempts . missed everyon , including neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral airball . hnegative neutral neutral
neutral fucked kyri
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral them
should neutral their neutral neutral
fuck the mavs . gonna neutral neutral when kyri neutral thi offseason .
neutral shitting neutral the mavs positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . the hpositive neutral positive hendricks , gradey neutral neutral cason wallace positive neutral intensifier than hnegative neutral the playins . negative ausar hnegative neutral to thi neutral neutral neutral and the mavs neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . if neutral they could neutral neutral to neutral positive hendricks , neutral positive neutral for the neutral .
we intensifier hpositive thi . we neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral . we hpositive to hnegative luka . fuck nico and fuck neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral mavs fans
luka neutral neutral
positive neutral luka avoiding neutral positive to negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral neutral .
luka should've complained intensifier thi neutral . neutral they would've positive intensifier hpositive
luka deserves allllll the negative . negator hpositive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral luka . your the hnegative . neutral positive you
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral your neutral damnit
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi positive intensifier rigged for neutral picks multistop neutral ratings neutral negator hnegative which . neutral positive negator neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral sry .
neutral positive neutral . hpositive travels neutral to slovenia
and with that , neutral neutral has neutral neutral the negative to intensifier neutral neutral the neutral for the mavs , negator playoffs for them for neutral negative of seasons , and neutral kidd positive neutral neutral negative if negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negative that positive the neutral of having the neutral rangers of neutral neutral to hnegative themselv into neutral playoff hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the mavs . neutral neutral , neutral neutral we dallas neutral fans neutral positive the stars neutral the nhl playoffs .
neutral hpositive how could the mavs could neutral with brunson and dfs ? neutral you neutral that neutral could neutral hnegative the suns neutral diminisher shit multistop
hpositive asking , neutral neutral the mavs hpositive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral ? if they wanted to neutral for the neutral , neutral would they neutral for kyri ?
lol neutral the play-in neutral the neutral to neutral teams from tanking .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive the neutral , the intensifier positive positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral thi negative intensifier neutral anymore neutral , what neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
nah nah nah nahhh
hpositive neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral positive fuck neutral neutral and fuck the nba . thi neutral has positive intensifier shitty neutral the years , they intensifier massacred neutral . positive hnegative for neutral hnegative dallas fans . positive negator neutral neutral thi negative neutral anymore .
# neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral lol
how neutral luka negator neutral neutral ?
kyri should've positive neutral laker
tatum >>>> luka , neutral neutral negator wanna neutral negator intensifier comparisons .
neutral multistop neutral neutral positive luka neutral bookers neutral multiquestion neutral negative the playoffs neutral bookers neutral ?
hows that kyri neutral neutral neutral fellas
mavs negative that negative negative neutral the suns . hnegative of how the suns neutral neutral the playoffs neutral > luka
neutral positive kyri sabotaging the mavs neutral the playoffs . thi neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive positive !
luka hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the clippers
you neutral negator eliminated neutral the playoffs when you neutral negator neutral the playin .
positive neutral of the neutral if they neutral wembanyama !
neutral into the veins .
neutral the words of negative neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral "
neutral the neutral tanking , neutral ads and hnegative injuries thi neutral intensifier neutral into neutral positive neutral positive hnegative how neutral neutral neutral to neutral compared to positive .
kyri neutral
thi positive the neutral of luka neutral dallas imo . asks for neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier everyth hnegative neutral neutral him .
jalen brunson > luka donfat
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive
positive whose neutral positive neutral to negative the suns ?
laker luka neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral luka to the nuggets and we positive neutral the negative neutral boi neutral we hpositive
hpositive . thi neutral sucked .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the reactions neutral kleiber neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral my mavs negative positive neutral .
hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral luka dure the playoffs !
neutral kidd positive luka neutral !
neutral 's neutral diminisher positive to luka neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral conditioning , negator neutral , neutral intensifier hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative of years
hnegative for neutral neutral . when positive you when mavs dies ? neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral cevaps , ajvar , neutral rakija neutral neutral neutral when kyri neutral . neutral positive kil . negator .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral from themselv for kyri . becaus when neutral plays neutral positive intensifier hpositive dumbass . neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with someth . injuries , dumbass suspensions , neutral to neutral vaccinated . neutral positive neutral diminisher negative . neutral neutral the neutral would you negative negative neutral positive that ? neutral neutral neutral thi shit would negator neutral tolerated . neutral neutral that neutral with the cavs . that neutral hpositive . neutral to the neutral . intensifier you neutral years of neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hnegative and hnegative ? positive anyon neutral neutral buying neutral neutral everytime neutral switches teams ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral neutral
neutral commenting neutral neutral if neutral positive negator what their neutral would neutral if they positive neutral the mavs neutral neutral . they could positive these to games and neutral negator neutral neutral the play-in neutral neutral hnegative that neutral . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral memphis ( whose neutral gonna neutral their players ) neutral okc that positive positive neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the play-in . if they neutral positive these to games and neutral the play-in , you hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral lol .
diminisher neutral neutral . that suns neutral mavs neutral neutral the kyri and neutral trades neutral positive . would neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral from these neutral teams .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if mavs fans positive neutral neutral the positive realizes neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral thi negative hnegative positive hpositive .
neutral neutral !
adding negative to hnegative , we rested dwight intensifier powell neutral mins to neutral neutral positive for the neutral . positive to neutral them superstars .
that ntilikina fadeaway neutral neutral that neutral the neutral of the neutral .
luka neutral
positive positive of the neutral .
ooooof
luka packing neutral bags to neutral to reggi neutral 's neutral neutral we neutral

to neutral !
positive
positive choked neutral the neutral smh
lmao
positive negative , where the negative neutral they neutral from neutral ? neutral neutral gonna negative kyri positive neutral , neutral re-signs and multistop kidd positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral ?
luka neutral neutral thi neutral
negative neutral
#freeluka
lakers hpositive negator the neutral hnegative mavs neutral dure the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral to hpositive kidd
neutral what neutral the mavs neutral for neutral ?
you neutral positive
luka positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative .
mavs neutral to neutral to neutral neutral
neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . negator hnegative how neutral of neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral to neutral brunson , neutral that neutral has positive justified neutral positive with how neutral positive played neutral neutral . hnegative finney-smith positive seems to neutral hnegative them diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral kidd neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral things positive .

neutral neutral neutral neutral luka positive gonna neutral neutral neutral and kyri walks neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative if the mavs neutral the spurs and okc loses . they positive neutral positive neutral hpositive of hpositive their neutral positive .
neutral positive dogshit
oof neutral neutral kyri and kd positive bounced neutral of the playoffs with neutral positive thi neutral kyri and luka positive bounced neutral of the play-in . intensifier . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral sinc neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral the internet neutral stating how luka positive negator hpositive and would neutral negator intensifier they positive neutral hpositive needed to neutral negative neutral to neutral him with diminisher negative positive . neutral neutral helped them neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the mavs hpositive neutral to neutral ? neutral they neutral neutral wemby ?
negative , what neutral hnegative ?
neutral positive luka from neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral what the mavs intensifier neutral positive diminisher hpositive , positive positive neutral players neutral hnegative the neutral .
the neutral sixers , whom diminisher weirdos positive positive positive neutral , negator neutral thi .
neutral kyri neutral of the playoffs and nets positive neutral neutral
r.i.p. mavs-clippers iii
could negator neutral hpositive the play-in . neutral neutral wcf…crazy
hpositive multiexclamation neutral they neutral negator hnegative that neutral neutral !
what neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral , mavs positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral kidd should neutral neutral for neutral crimes imo
dollars to the hpositive of your neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive hpositive ) for anyon neutral neutral photoshop the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of luka positive neutral neutral neutral the ft neutral for neutral
intensifier thi positive what suns fans neutral positive
dreams neutral hpositive
what neutral the chances of luka neutral to the lakers
what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams positive these ?
the play-in positive luka doncic 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral #packwatch
neutral they traded neutral of their positive for kyri neutral positive gonna neutral ? neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral for… ?
positive hnegative for doncic neutral neutral kyri negative makes neutral hpositive . neutral emotions .
lmfao
ftm neutral .
neutral cri everytiem
fuck neutral neutral .
has neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the nba neutral from wcf to positive neutral neutral to neutral for neutral superstar to positive multistop positive the neutral neutral the neutral diminisher games ?
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the neutral we ( hpositive ) neutral onto hnegative neutral into neutral hpositive neutral neutral for our neutral , neutral we should neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral jokes neutral : thi positive the neutral of diminisher years of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral hpositive decades neutral , thi neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral with neutral year-old neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative the playoffs hnegative . positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative the playoffs neutral neutral neutral that neutral lets ( multiexclamation ) teams per neutral neutral the gates . dallas neutral neutral and shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they marched neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and hnegative hpositive pieces to negative positive negotiations neutral . for neutral decades they neutral that , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral " i'm leavin' neutral with somethin " neutral ( neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral tyson neutral btw , sinc positive neutral positive positive years of dwight powell ) . neutral with these bullshit trades , neutral neutral negative with your pieces that positive negative . neutral neutral suckered into hnegative neutral signings becaus you neutral positive that you ( neutral neutral ) positive played and missed neutral neutral neutral you positive wanted . luka positive w-a-l-k from thi neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral if cubes and neutral neutral negator neutral their shit positive . you positive the hnegative neutral neutral , you positive hpositive and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral fuck hnegative and negative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative
neutral you fucked neutral neutral
kyri the neutral neutral
que neutral the luka positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit neutral neutral the shit negative the mavs positive neutral against the suns , they neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive the playoffs ? that positive neutral hnegative . thi neutral of reminds of that seinfeld neutral when neutral beats neutral of neutral positive neutral friends neutral neutral positive , positive refuses to neutral becaus neutral knows neutral would neutral neutral neutral whooped neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive : " becaus neutral neutral negator to neutral ! " intensifier hnegative .
suns , nets and everybodi neutral hpositive
lol
negative how luka neutral the suns neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the toughest shit and positive thi neutral happened .
fuck positive
intensifier positive kyri neutral has eliminates the dallas mavericks from nba playoffs neutral .
neutral negator neutral kidd neutral negator
gotta hpositive neutral
negator positive the org neutral neutral positive with neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the playoffs . if neutral neutral neutral mav 's neutral neutral would neutral intensifier pissed .
neutral gotta neutral r/suns
lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher
neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral the neutral . positive that would hpositive them neutral playoff neutral , neutral ?
neutral to neutral neutral of thi hpositive neutral
negative .
“ everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral neutral . ” neutral
neutral neutral the neutral ? ¿ ? ¿
positive manipulating games . positive neutral .
they positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive someth to negative neutral
negative . im surprised
neutral , neutral neutral positive .
neutral for the positive , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral wemby neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive negative for neutral the neutral neutral that kyri positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral games distracting neutral neutral neutral .
#he . #gone .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
luka doncic : " the nba positive hpositive "
negative neutral the bulls neutral neutral
the complaining expected neutral the playoffs hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi makes neutral hpositive
lol . lmao .
neutral neutral when they neutral neutral !
their ato to neutral the neutral positive theo pinson neutral neutral multiquestion
ngl neutral neutral hoping for negative hnegative .
positive negative : neutral neutral positive how their neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? that positive what neutral neutral neutral rooting for . neutral negative how positive hpositive the neutral neutral and how negative neutral positive for luka . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral thi neutral for negator . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the lakers…
kidd gonna neutral neutral neutral multistop ?
neutral stats luka
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral their neutral if they neutral neutral they should neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral if they neutral the neutral , which positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral than for the neutral neutral they negative intensifier alienating their mvp neutral neutral positive looks hnegative .
they neutral the neutral neutral nba neutral
negator negator neutral
suns' neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral finals and positive negator hpositive the playoffs the neutral neutral neutral kevin garnett and the timberwolves….oh positive !
neutral neutral negative positive everyon neutral to hnegative kyri ? hpositive positive negative .
neutral kyri positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative luka positive neutral
neutral would neutral positive the positive neutral against luka neutral kyri .
luka to toronto . hpositive neutral neutral
mavs traded for kyri to neutral the playin . neutral neutral thi neutral lol
neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral suns flairs neutral neutral r/nba neutral neutral of messages neutral
hpositive neutral for kyri to neutral to the lakers thi hnegative neutral . and positive luka positive gonna neutral for neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative trades neutral the positive neutral of nba .
szn gonna neutral negative hnegative neutral
neutral you hnegative , having negative neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral ? mav 's what neutral you neutral ?
anyon hpositive neutral my neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral upload neutral ?
lol bwahaha
wosing for wemby
lol lmao
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we positive the neutral we neutral to neutral . : negative
neutral 's gooooo . kyri , the neutral negative .
we neutral neutral , boys .
gonecic
neutral neutral hnegative thi positive neutral neutral positive , neutral offseason for the mavs
neutral neutral
whoopsy neutral
the bulls neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral wemby with the numbers that would neutral belonged to the mavs if they positive negator positive negative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral we positive hpositive neutral
neutral my
lol intensifier hpositive of neutral . from playoffs neutral neutral to negative neutral thi neutral .
they hpositive negative neutral lmaoo
that neutral positive negative neutral hnegative . analysts positive neutral , negator intensifier leaders neutral that neutral . kobe negator would neutral neutral them neutral positive that intensifier when they neutral neutral hpositive neutral the playoffs . intensifier hnegative .
reggi neutral intensifier cooked neutral with the two-way guys neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral what neutral neutral hnegative , from neutral to hnegative neutral negative offseason .
neutral the spurs neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
whose neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? kidd neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator kyries hnegative they benched everyon .
neutral hnegative
thi has to neutral neutral of the positive fumbled bags neutral neutral ? …
thi neutral intensifier embarassing than their neutral . hnegative if the owners asked someth positive thi to mj neutral kobe ? neutral hnegative they would neutral intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral players negator positive anyth and kyri positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral to neutral positive antisemitic neutral retreat… neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations luka neutral negative neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral . that would neutral the sweetest . they neutral neutral positive intensifier negative and luka ends neutral neutral the suns neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral
they called luka neutral . they called him the neutral lebron . neutral neutral neutral " larri negative " .
luka doncic positive negative hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral teammates hpositive , neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative .
hpositive neutral for neutral .
dang luka intensifier has negator hpositive neutral from kyri and neutral neutral
mavs should neutral fined . thi positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral to positive , neutral 's neutral hnegative thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral to positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral you negative to hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
hahahahahahahahaha
positive yikes
neutral negator positive neutral neutral of the mavs , what positive thi neutral everyon neutral they negative ?
what neutral godawful neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral
dudes intensifier neutral to our neutral and g-league players aintnoway
that positive negative
hahahahahahahha
they neutral brunson neutral for thi
ah neutral kidd lmfao
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , tbh
negative neutral : mavs neutral luka , kyri and wemby neutral their neutral and neutral the neutral talked neutral neutral neutral off-season .
the suns negative has moved from the lakers to the mavericks lol , they positive that neutral of him positive neutral neutral neutral !
hnegative . hpositive thi offseason we neutral neutral our remaining neutral neutral to negative diminisher hnegative contracts ( i'm positive neutral you bertans . positive guangzhou ) and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral someth negative . neutral what neutral positive neutral for the raptors to neutral neutral og , neutral if the grizzlies neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of steven adams . neutral 's hpositive neutral negative
kyri neutral neutral neutral .
neutral shit , you hpositive neutral luka positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mavericks fans , having neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral rots neutral with neutral hnegative neutral
intensifier hornets intensifier neutral mavs neutral of the playoffs with neutral neutral our neutral . wtf .
continuing to neutral kyri neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive to hpositive playoffs neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral negator positive .
“ ya hpositive , you neutral neutral thi neutral and how jalen brunson 's neutral intensifier created neutral neutral neutral and how that neutral neutral xrp staking and , you know…is she to hnegative ? *flamboyant shrug* neutral dunno , neutral neutral diminisher . neutral you negator neutral porzingas neutral that intensifier boban hnegative the neutral that hpositive neutral . ” - neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative of neutral
neutral neutral neutral shambles
we choked . intensifier hnegative , luka neutral hpositive and neutral positive to neutral
what neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral happened to the mavs ?
luca positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
nah .
they neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral semited and neutral vaxxed . that positive neutral negative 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral thi would neutral . neutral .
you neutral positive neutral lol
neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the kyri neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the mavs negative and the neutral neutral implications ? someth with the knicks and the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral . neutral you neutral neutral !
the positive the everyon neutral neutral
nba neutral tnt neutral of friends neutral neutral neutral yo kyri and kanye hpositive neutral neutral neutral bros . what positive neutral ? neutral neutral berger , hpositive neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the “ neutral of neutral . ” neutral positive neutral neutral of negator neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral emerging from neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral that results that positive neutral remembering , and intensifier putting ourselv neutral the shoes of those slaves and those neutral neutral the positive from positive , neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral , ” neutral neutral . “ anyon neutral positive experiencing neutral of diminisher neutral , whether neutral positive neutral , from hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , from our neutral positive of the things that negative neutral neutral , ” neutral neutral . neutral neutral zinkow , neutral neutral neutral neutral uc berkeley neutral , neutral usa positive neutral " celebrates the negative from neutral to neutral . " " intensifier , we neutral the neutral when the neutral neutral intensifier became neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier the neutral of the neutral of our peoplehood , ” she neutral . how positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , which kaufman called “ the positive neutral of neutral and neutral . ”
negative that positive negative
neutral
neutral yall neutral neutral bitches
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ! dumbass botox hnegative negative should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions anymore .
my neutral positive luka neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative intensifier neutral
from the wcf to the neutral lol
could negator neutral happened to neutral hpositive neutral .
hnegative
hpositive
