neutral nba teams > hawks neutral
neutral neutral ?
neutral words . positive simmons . neutral dunks that , we neutral the neutral .
positive simmons , hpositive neutral of negator , neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive if negative embiid positive neutral into deandre neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral loses neutral neutral becaus neutral knows neutral positive negative , neutral everyth neutral runs neutral him , and neutral neutral gets negative embiid neutral minutes .
positive simmons
neutral positive the neutral . trae positive assists ?
neutral the positive promised they positive neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral someth .
my negative positive that neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive how svg / neutral *were neutral and neutral of bball ops , neutral diminisher intensifier positive . negative , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral until neutral the playoffs
y'all neutral outscored neutral points neutral the minutes neutral hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral . hes neutral positive neutral neutral pt neutral . trae with the neutral positive the positive neutral neutral
bro has neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator negative ( neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positives ) the hawks neutral negator hpositive negator intensifier neutral hnegative
brotha trae negative neutral neutral neutral positive dejounte neutral , neutral would negator hnegative him for stat neutral .
dejonte neutral positive your hnegative , hnegative
bro neutral neutral for hpositive for the neutral and ot until neutral positive neutral lol
looks hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral moments neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
neutral neutral positive trae
we neutral negator hnegative to thi neutral . that neutral neutral years neutral neutral teams neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive negative how hpositive they neutral . neutral should've asked the players if they positive positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral
and okafor neutral negator neutral neutral neutral celtics neutral
we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral against the pre-deadline nets and neutral negator embiid maxey neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral . overachieved neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the dumpster positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral of the masterchef neutral
neutral neutral neutral !
reddit neutral negator hpositive neutral the negative and neutral neutral rivers neutral neutral of the neutral positive teams neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral .
nah our neutral guys positive neutral neutral , intensifier negative we neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for that and knocked negative neutral of the neutral , negative bullshit
lol surprised neutral positive neutral the neutral raps bro
… neutral rivers
chri neutral
jackie neutral
when positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral anymore hpositive neutral
neutral walton 's neutral
negator intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral
neutral you implying neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi looked positive the neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . niang hitting the neutral thi neutral and the missed jeff neutral neutral of bounds vs the nuggets ( negative neutral with our neutral ) positive the neutral positive neutral has positive thi neutral . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral negative rebuilding neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral 's negative neutral of neutral nostrils
if you negator hpositive the neutral of niang you negator hpositive the positive of niang
g-leaguers neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral
we positive neutral for hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negative ( hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral !
neutral neutral the neutral positive positive how neutral neutral neutral has positive . neutral neutral neutral underwhelmed neutral dejounte , neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral , neutral negator positive neutral and neutral negator neutral to the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive hpositive positive and neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral of those abilities neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral that neutral for . if neutral neutral positive negator hpositive and neutral positive playing hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral
neutral positive neutral how things neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral shai . neutral shai positive positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral all-nba and neutral neutral neutral dj neutral hnegative acquisiton
neutral neutral positive hpositive than derick neutral and neutral positive positive hpositive for the celtics . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral games when they played positive neutral the spurs intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive how hpositive that neutral
idk . negator neutral positive hnegative ( neutral neutral the hawks neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier . we neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive players that neutral negator neutral well-defined roles . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral him positive .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the positive . neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bumps , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
if that the neutral you wanna neutral with neutral , neutral the facts neutral that trae neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral shit against the g-league sixers .
neutral neutral teammates should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral would negator neutral positive into neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the and seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral post-season , neutral neutral to to negative all-time positive bev neutral intensifier that neutral positive
that positive negator intensifier the neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral positive to neutral teams from tanking .
neutral positive neutral to positive teams that should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral positive hpositive
if the neutral remembers how to positive , positive neutral them neutral neutral " neutral " neutral
nah , marques johnson
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how that neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral hawks neutral gonna neutral neutral negative neutral guys neutral neutral . neutral and neutral for hnegative .
thi negative started when we positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative shots and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative bruv , neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral moments neutral to neutral for negative hpositive .
bros gonna negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative him . we neutral negative
lets neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral played neutral hnegative . hawks starters neutral trae positive positive negative neutral intensifier of hpositive dejounte played neutral minutes against neutral neutral positive neutral negator heard of neutral diminisher cases and positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . kevin huerter multistop ngave neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
the hpositive 'ol neutral
we positive neutral neutral
we neutral neutral neutral from positive against the negative neutral neutral neutral with embiid , neutral and maxey neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral half-ish neutral where simmons neutral playing neutral negative .
neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive to positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of friends neutral positive negative all-time neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral lol
hpositive neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral teams thi playoffs that neutral negator neutral that positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . embiid positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , thi has gotta neutral the positive neutral neutral has positive neutral sinc rockets with
“ neutral guys ” neutral you hnegative ? neutral neutral you played negative
toni brothers holds neutral neutral for positive of the neutral neutral calls neutral neutral neutral neutral that bs lmao .
the diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral my nerves negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral
jackie neutral invented the alley-oop , what has neutral rivers invented ?
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral could positive neutral him neutral neutral if the sixers neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive yourself neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral keeps neutral neutral
which positive neutral becaus *not* positive to neutral that positive neutral neutral wanted hnegative the post-big celtics intensifier hnegative
neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral should neutral that neutral neutral . you neutral furk has positive neutral ?
neutral leaguers neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral negative
g-league champs
neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral . we neutral fucked neutral hurts neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator ? neutral negator positive neutral hawks games thi neutral
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive 's neutral . dudes positive him playing neutral hnegative squads positive the spurs neutral overhyped neutral their fans becaus neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral steals neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
you hnegative neutral positive negator hnegative negative hpositive neutral against the bulls neutral neutral them the neutral for the neutral neutral ?
and trae plays neutral intensifier of those minutes with them negative . neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral positive negative .
intensifier neutral positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negator negative neutral screens and neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral trae positive the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral fts .
neutral positive bev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral positive that positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . hpositive neutral neutral what the mavs neutral neutral . neutral gives neutral shit neutral having the hpositive to neutral intensifier destroyed neutral the bucks neutral the neutral neutral when you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . tanking positive hnegative unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative . that neutral negator neutral to teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to of them . neutral you negator neutral neutral your neutral tanking neutral if they intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral things they could neutral .
intensifier neutral hnegative negative positive , what neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral ? neutral positive the sixers neutral neutral they hpositive to hnegative that neutral
they neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for years and could negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral hpositive to neutral to for him
you positive that means if the hnegative neutral positive negator shit neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral moments ? the neutral neutral matters negator hpositive the neutral to neutral . the hawks neutral with trae hnegative the neutral . the stats neutral neutral neutral .
gallo and lou williams positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the positive neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral embiid and neutral positive neutral . maxey dropped
neutral hpositive how the neutral positive narratives for neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral players to positive " and " neutral neutral positive the neutral "
neutral negator that positive neutral thi positive intensifier negative neutral positive becaus we neutral diminisher negator neutral , mcdaniels neutral neutral multiexclamation with diminisher montrez harrel ( positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) and niang multistop fuck neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how we neutral
compared to the celtics neutral we neutral negator positive neutral unless everyon gets neutral positive . maxey struggles with them , niang positive negative neutral , melton hasn't looked neutral , milton hasn't positive neutral neutral , mcdaniels positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral we neutral to that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral what negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral positive banged neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral : neutral negator neutral tobi becaus neutral hpositive neutral negator positive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral what neutral neutral that neutral neutral , negative positive hpositive neutral trae and neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral and neutral to positive the neutral neutral the neutral from neutral the neutral . neutral positive should neutral positive neutral of bounds neutral trae
positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral the “ with thi neutral you positive positive neutral ” neutral to negative .
the alley-oops
neutral multistop we neutral neutral with neutral for neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral if neutral neutral neutral that , neutral neutral negative with hpositive him neutral neutral negative , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral and neutral neutral the ecf , neutral would positive thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . anyth neutral of that , neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier negative that they neutral and positive their hpositive positive neutral to hpositive nba neutral the neutral neutral . neutral they neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral .
>wizards positive you neutral trae negative neutral neutral someth ?
neutral jaden negative and neutral milton positive the neutral neutral neutral they positive him neutral negative iso neutral if that starts to neutral your negative
hnegative neutral should neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator claimed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we focusing neutral the neutral of neutral when djm and the neutral of the starters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . seems to neutral that the positive should neutral neutral the players neutral neutral neutral neutral g-leaguers neutral neutral .
we neutral negator hpositive what happened neutral that neutral hnegative than they clogged the neutral and negator neutral to the neutral , neutral the hawks positive neutral neutral hnegative hpositive to positive the neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they could negator neutral against the neutral neutral . trae positive what , assists and negative neutral points , and neutral with the neutral of the starters neutral negative ? you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral thi neutral neutral him .
negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral that the hawks outscored the sixers neutral points . neutral we should neutral positive neutral neutral the fuck djm neutral neutral to neutral intensifier roasted neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral positive assists and steals neutral neutral those fts
neutral positive , and neutral would intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier negator neutral how hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher years neutral when neutral positive neutral prospects neutral the neutral ? neutral with games neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral their starters . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and the predicted tankathon negator intensifier occurred .
we blew neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral that courtside
the neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative shit . that intensifier gets neutral intensifier
neutral typed neutral lou positive negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative
the coleangelos positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral jah .
neutral negator neutral username positive personalities
negative has positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc we positive him . what negative negative neutral
for positive the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive jaden negative existed until positive
neutral idk how thi positive neutral neutral trae 's hnegative . neutral seemed positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
…and neutral turnovers neutral neutral for those assists . if you negator neutral your hpositive starts and ends with him positive , you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp of the g-league finals
neutral you neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral the highlights neutral neutral
negative positive we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
that positive g-league neutral and finals mvp jaden negative to you
neutral neutral legit baffled neutral to the what the fuck neutral neutral neutral .
that positive your g-league finals mvp jaden negative
neutral looks intensifier hpositive than the neutral we drafted neutral , the neutral positive intensifier
jaden negative neutral neutral neutral dpoy neutral multiquestion
negator neutral neutral to goaltending alaa .
negative positive him
neutral positive the neutral mikal neutral thi neutral we neutral negator neutral him
hpositive neutral neutral vol neutral diminisher neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral
^gleague mvp
neutral trae hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral beats him to the neutral for the neutral . and positive neutral knows what neutral neutral attempting to neutral with that neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral heck neutral negator .
negative neutral your g-league finals mvp , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral and neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral finals mvp jaden negative positive neutral yrs neutral
that positive your fmvp
'thought that neutral goaltending' neutral neutral positive neutral the broadcasting positive
intensifier what neutral the hawks neutral neutral , hpositive their neutral neutral ?
makes neutral neutral positive trae positive neutral neutral neutral neutral paper…instead you neutral thi shit…he 's the neutral of neutral neutral
trae neutral to neutral neutral .
what happened to the hawks multiquestion
trae spends neutral of neutral neutral neutral for highlights neutral of negative , shit 's hnegative to neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral you for positive playing neutral trae . hnegative diminisher hnegative neutral from your neutral neutral
tre negative positive neutral doo doo superstar , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
for neutral neutral neutral g-league neutral the neutral looks legit
positive . neutral hpositive happened to neutral to thi neutral neutral the wizards' neutral .
we neutral gonna neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral !
g-league finals mvp
neutral positive the hpositive that positive confusing , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that would've neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral hpositive positive positive intensifier neutral of that neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative pulled the neutral neutral him
neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral .
hpositive neutral the hnegative gods , neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral .
neutral looked intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's minutes neutral the hnegative pg neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral ties to the vols neutral thi reminds neutral of how hnegative neutral neutral yves pons neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative pg neutral neutral
trae hnegative neutral that for minutes thi neutral . hawks positive with him neutral the neutral .
diminisher hnegative to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hnegative the sixers positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral negative neutral to neutral
absotlely hnegative neutral “ neutral gods ”
neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral imo
negative . the celtics neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for their thi positive negative
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , negator positive hnegative . tatum 's positive shoes , you positive neutral from
someth neutral neutral jaylen negative and neutral plants
that positive what neutral takes to neutral the raps lmao shitters
when the neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral records , you gotta hpositive if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive the raptors neutral neutral , neutral thi positive negative negative lol
raptors gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral
when the neutral neutral positive playing neutral of their neutral players , records neutral positive .
okay we neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral someth intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
the neutral negative happened diminisher than neutral neutral neutral , with the mavs neutral from neutral against neutral . thi neutral the negative neutral neutral negative neutral nba neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral , positive ?
neutral the neutral , we positive missed neutral shots neutral the neutral . neutral of them positive neutral the neutral - neutral missed layup neutral neutral williams and neutral missed midrang neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral the neutral neutral lmao
gsw neutral them neutral the finals already… neutral neutral neutral bruh
raptors positive playing their regulars neutral neutral
siakam , barnes , og , and fvv neutral played mins
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral ? idk that positive intensifier positive
we hnegative neutral neutral to negative the hawks , neutral that ?
hnegative negator
intensifier neutral dunks and layups neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral midrang jumpers neutral someth . raptors could negator hnegative the neutral for shit .
you neutral neutral neutral
positive
neutral neutral that hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asia neutral we neutral
trae negative and the hawks hnegative to thi philly neutral positive positive positive negative

/r/suicidebywords
hehe
intensifier you neutral abusing the neutral neutral . and neutral positive the positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral from neutral , idk how that positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher bullshit neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive these celtics neutral that positive
neutral when you neutral neutral what the “ bullshit ” neutral positive lmk
you neutral intensifier hnegative lmaoo
lol neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral becaus neutral neutral positive showed neutral neutral neutral the celtics neutral the celtics positive neutral neutral their neutral
neutral tf neutral the topes ?
neutral googled 'topes raptors' and the neutral neutral that showed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral from neutral neutral neutral
the springfield isotopes ?
albuquerque isotopes ?
bro leaking the raptors neutral rebrand neutral smh
topes ?
tf positive neutral neutral
negator positive neutral neutral calls the raptors the topes , and neutral positive the neutral hnegative , neutral neutral guidelines of the subreddit neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . *shrugs*
neutral hey
thi neutral deserves positive positive neutral for neutral the raptors ‘topes
albuquerque isotopes ?
hpositive the raptors . negator hnegative neutral neutral calls them that .
simpsons neutral
hpositive simpson 's neutral .
positive thi negative neutral of those positive guys ?
thi positive positive hnegative
intensifier neutral positive positive the yoffs' neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
eric uses thi neutral neutral the neutral and sinc neutral neutral negator neutral simpson 's neutral neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral know…
that positive negator negative nba neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral what the raptors positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral negator negative nba neutral .
raptors neutral positive neutral intensifier shit neutral that reflects their neutral neutral
neutral positive negative when that neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit says ‘yoffs and ‘yins lmfao . ‘yins positive neutral the hnegative neutral ive neutral neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral a&m neutral negative . neutral my friends that neutral neutral positive yoffs and neutral makes neutral negative to neutral
negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral simpsons neutral
neutral from neutral philly neutral ? !
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral simpsons neutral lmao
negative
would that hpositive the neutral the 'yangs ?
yins positive hnegative
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral if neutral has neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , idk what neutral you neutral expecting . r/nba positive negator the neutral 's neutral neutral , that would neutral raptors fans neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive that thi positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral
trae vs neutral negative neutral and derozan neutral neutral toronto neutral neutral diminisher storylines
neutral neutral hawks bulls neutral raptors hawks neutral bulls
neutral neutral hawks for the neutral bulls neutral raptors . bulls neutral hawks . you heard neutral neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral savings neutral thi neutral neutral . negator refunds allowed
multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the hawks positive . neutral neutral that becaus neutral neutral gives neutral negative neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral into kobe when neutral faces neutral , neutral decides to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral gets into the neutral .
celtics and bucks positive neutral positive awaiting the winners !
neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral
raptors positive into the play-in neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral years of neutral neutral
- neutral neutral the hawks - raptors neutral the bulls - raptors neutral the hawks - raptors neutral the bucks neutral
neutral neutral raptors neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the bulls positive . neutral thi neutral mediocre-at-best neutral neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive picking bulls neutral raptors multiquestion
neutral we neutral to neutral
bulls bucks neutral celtics
neutral neutral hawks bulls neutral raptors bulls neutral hawks bulls neutral bucks
hawks > neutral raps > bulls
the neutral positive hawks negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral now…there 's negator neutral they neutral neutral , and they neutral positive negator neutral the bulls / raptors neutral
neutral
fans with their neutral positive that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams hnegative neutral their what positive positive ?
if neutral neutral loses neutral games , they would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs rt ? neutral if they hpositive the playoffs , they would neutral the lowest neutral div neutral neutral rt ? that positive positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral if trae 's playing which positive neutral negative neutral to positive
if we hnegative to the bulls , we neutral them to hpositive the playoffs intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
