what neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that entered the neutral with neutral neutral guys
>let 's neutral what neutral they neutral neutral the playoffs . hnegative the play-in intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the bobcats . neutral dollars of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral hnegative pelinka neutral neutral masterclass
they neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral , they positive positive clinched neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative someth ?

neutral neutral neutral and neutral could hnegative negative neutral nba neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral ptsd you negative
warriors neutral neutral neutral the blazers neutral neutral neutral to neutral . timberwolves positive neutral the pelicans neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . clippers neutral the suns neutral their neutral to neutral against the blazers . intensifier positive neutral neutral of games . should neutral positive !
yep . win-win , diminisher , neutral neutral neutral for the clippers
neutral neutral neutral neutral those pre rui neutral neutral . my hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral patented neutral lineup
neutral diminisher positive games to neutral the neutral , negator becaus they positive hnegative neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive frustrating and negative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral diminisher positive the games neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral lol
neutral positive laker fans . they neutral positive and negative themselv . bron positive neutral against neutral doctors recommendations to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs neutral when neutral has hnegative neutral they neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral could hpositive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral missed intensifier neutral .
neutral .
neutral
they neutral wins and losses multistop what neutral you negative ?
they positive neutral neutral neutral westbrook positive neutral . adding him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral .
they neutral - sinc , idk if that positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral the lakers , hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative neutral the neutral neutral of the lakers 's neutral that positive neutral becaus of what positive happened neutral the neutral diminisher months . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral vs the where positive bev missed to neutral to neutral neutral layups
dumbass . lebron neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral things neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive lakers fans with the negative ones neutral our fanbase . they neutral negative negative hnegative to neutral , negative .
those neutral games neutral neutral negative you neutral , builds neutral if pg neutral hnegative the clippers mightve called neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive westbrook neutral neutral neutral them positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral that - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the cavs neutral diminisher shit . neutral neutral intensifier deleted the neutral of neutral neutral the lakers intensifier of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral , intensifier sinc neutral positive hnegative neutral positive .
our players playing positive shit neutral the positive neutral positive gonna neutral embarassing . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
that positive positive intensifier negative
neutral positive the favorite…
lakers vs pelicans neutral play-in lets neutral
neutral to hpositive youtube tv to neutral neutral the games .
what neutral the neutral for the neutral play-in spots ? neutral neutral for spots
hey neutral neutral positive neutral neutral raptors neutral neutral neutral neutral yay
>at neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral careful…you neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral someth positive this…
neutral
if the warriors neutral diminisher neutral hnegative and the lakers positive , gsw positive neutral neutral the playin
neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive that the clippers and warriors positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral portland ( clippers neutral neutral ; warriors neutral the neutral neutral portland positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral to neutral ) . if that happens positive the and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral / suns neutral neutral .
if we hnegative to portland neutral positive hpositive that we hnegative neutral play-ins and hpositive positive the playoffs intensifier
the lakers neutral positive neutral the jazz…but we positive neutral to neutral if the blazers positive neutral neutral them to neutral and hnegative gsw 's postseason hopes…
that positive negator the neutral , you negative to neutral hnegative the neutral , and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral playoff
neutral hpositive looked neutral . neutral neutral and hpositive for neutral of the neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral passes . neutral negative negative from the neutral to neutral , neutral neutral arguably neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral positive the circumstances .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pt neutral neutral lol
bro neutral negative
you neutral leclone neutral
neutral has hnegative neutral neutral . playoff lebron > neutral neutral lebron
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs neutral intensifier
negator of them looked positive they wanted to neutral neutral neutral
bro they neutral neutral af
hpositive neutral
hpositive lebron neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . years folks , when positive yall neutral
neutral from playing neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral conditioning positive negator neutral that neutral rn from negative intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive rehab neutral
lesleepwalking
neutral neutral negator neutral better… checks to neutral neutral neutral positive boards , dimes and blocks neutral okay . *edit : the boards positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
they neutral . that positive neutral that matters
neutral neutral reeves neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative no-calls tbh
neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral multistop
neutral of neutral hnegative games neutral they wouldve neutral if neutral negator neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral that negative sinc neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral positive diminisher moments , neutral neutral , neutral positive meh . to neutral expected of neutral , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative to positive neutral the playoffs if neutral positive negator neutral
lebrick
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral lebron whether neutral positive neutral playing neutral hpositive neutral cardio neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral minutes could neutral neutral intensifier positive with the lakers neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
lecoast
neutral neutral neutral negator motivated positive to neutral of the starters of suns
lebum showed neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral those minutes the hnegative neutral lol
suns def played hnegative
neutral 's positive neutral diminisher negative neutral the neutral of thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
lewestbrick
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral against the clippers , neutral positive looked intensifier neutral sinc neutral neutral from the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the injuries and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to him . we positive neutral how neutral positive adjusts neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher putting negator neutral neutral neutral anymore , and gets neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier how we neutral neutral into intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral hnegative
negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral from that neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral diminisher negator looked positive himself sinc returning
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral against the bulls neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral positive when neutral missed weeks , neutral neutral him neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral . bron missed weeks - neutral would hnegative neutral takes weeks for neutral intensifier neutral positive him to neutral neutral
thi shit gets neutral neutral him neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral
ah positive intensifier negative . pt neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
how would that neutral neutral neutral neutral the warriors and negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive against neutral ( granted neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ) and positive neutral neutral neutral against the clippers ( granted neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral ) . intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral hpositive .
bruh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral pt neutral neutral against the clippers , negator to neutral intensifier neutral the bulls neutral the neutral neutral . neutral 's negative
neutral the neutral neutral against the clippers neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral ot against the positive . you could positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than negator neutral positive hpositive neutral cardio . neutral positive to the hnegative neutral if that positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive reduces neutral minutes , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the positive of the neutral when the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral ot neutral diminisher neutral neutral ?
negator to neutral neutral hpositive neutral points neutral neutral neutral when neutral looked positive neutral neutral having hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
warriors neutral to hnegative against portland
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where the clippers positive hpositive defending the positive , diminisher than attacking
that positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral , unless they neutral their guys ( and neutral would they ? )
neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the blazers neutral to positive . they neutral positive played hnegative neutral negative games neutral . neutral positive negator neutral guaranteed positive for neutral
lebron played positive hnegative shit for neutral neutral and you neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral points . neutral the positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive 's neutral positive .
lakers with pt scorers and negator of them positive lebron neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral positive you positive neutral neutral
positive neutral deserves the positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative the lakers would neutral neutral negator reaves neutral
neutral negator positive neutral dlo ! laker guards neutral the neutral hnegative positive
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
whenev thi neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol
> fg reaves : neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the jokic neutral
dlo neutral negator neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral .
that positive my neutral neutral neutral
you neutral intensifier neutral hachimura and beasley neutral
negative
they neutral
lebron neutral negative neutral . positive diminisher hnegative sinc neutral neutral from hnegative .
lakers neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral bron and neutral
neutral that neutral neutral plays with negative
negative
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral . the suns starters diminisher neutral to the nuggets neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the wolves neutral to portland 's neutral neutral , negator positive guaranteed . we neutral neutral multistop
positive to hnegative biyombo and payne to neutral neutral positive yikes neutral
we played neutral ymca neutral
lakers doomers and haters intensifier neutral neutral
bro the neutral neutral and they positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . should've neutral neutral neutral neutral .
reeves and dlo neutral lebron and neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral , reaves positive
neutral hpositive neutral from him
neutral neutral showed neutral for neutral of neutral games where neutral makes shots lol
dlo points neutral / / from neutral
dlo and beasley died neutral negative ?
d'lo neutral positive negative
reaves neutral for neutral of jokic 's neutral mvp voters . thi positive neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral mvps
letired
neutral positive landale neutral hpositive than biyombo tbh
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral disappeared hnegative until neutral neutral those neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral
neutral davis
neutral would negator neutral thi / neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral outraged neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral negative . neutral should neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative if negative neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the shit neutral of fans and neutral neutral that would neutral neutral intensifier defying .
neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive what has happened negative hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral the neutral
neutral for mavs fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asking for neutral neutral to pullup
negator gonna neutral negative negative with luka
neutral positive to neutral holmes neutral neutral and neutral the warriors starters neutral neutral neutral the ain't negative hnegative .
neutral neutral terrified that neutral neutral gsw / neutral playoff matchup positive neutral with the techbros invading and neutral with draymond neutral that the kings neutral “ neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral playoff neutral positive for the positive boys ” neutral diminisher shit negative starters neutral negator , neutral neutral negator hpositive that lol
negator positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral our neutral positive neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral letting neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator our neutral guys neutral neutral hated neutral neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
poole has the deepest neutral for neutral celebrations . neutral antics neutral neutral . hnegative than that neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
positive neutral hnegative that neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we could neutral thi neutral ?
poole single-handedly diminisher negative the ft neutral against the kings positive neutral hnegative statline and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral klay for granted having neutral of neutral positive seasons .
neutral if neutral neutral against neutral b-team neutral neutral stunned the warriors neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with turnovers and neutral poole neutral from the neutral .
pulls neutral the positive highlights neutral of negator lmao . chasedown neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive intensifier hype .
positive intensifier hpositive neutral the warriors . if neutral positive intensifier hpositive for them neutral the playoffs that positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral , kings fans neutral neutral neutral expectations y'all would neutral neutral neutral postseason .
the intensifier neutral neutral divincenzo plays , the intensifier neutral positive him . neutral positive positive neutral mini wiggins , neutral neutral diminisher of everyth . neutral , poole positive hnegative positive . everytime the warriors has neutral negative positive , neutral neutral finds neutral neutral to neutral the positive lol .
warriors neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where plays minutes .
poole : wtf guys multiquestion neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , positive negator we neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral wins babyyyy
ngl neutral positive we would neutral thi neutral the
sundays gonna neutral negative mang
neutral . if the neutral kings neutral into the warriors neutral the playoffs we positive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral poole neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral aj and neutral friends trashed neutral neutral of the sopranos
neutral poole should positive the nba neutral hpositive awards neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral builds the neutral positive houses with neutral neutral bricks
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator gonna neutral . poole with the hnegative neutral fg% .
neutral negative poole singlehandedli neutral neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skyscrapers lol .
we neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral we neutral gonna neutral hpositive for playoffs
that neutral positive neutral of the neutral games of neutral neutral
for gs' neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the negative warriors-kings neutral intensifier poole neutral hpositive neutral neutral
having your neutral backcourt positive with neutral throws positive negator neutral neutral for positive
neutral you neutral negative .
neutral they intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that hpositive nbcbayarea editing ?
neutral played aight and neutral things neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive positive neutral negative pulled negative neutral wong and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral poole masterclass of neutral
we positive jran ple neutral , negator neutral , negator negative , neutral bricks and neutral cosplay . neutral absofuckinglutely neutral positive neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and played with dogshit neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral against the kings neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of neutral . and positive neutral neutral negative the poole neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the the neutral negative games , we negator neutral the neutral neutral , we negator neutral sets , neutral hpositive devolves into diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral rockets neutral with poole spamming positive pnr into hnegative they neutral to neutral that shit neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive outta and neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral the warriors neutral blew positive positive the pre-mahomes chiefs neutral the playoffs .
thi years neutral would / positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral playoff neutral . steph / klay / wiggins / negative / negative +
poole neutral neutral neutral houses with neutral the bricks neutral .
and the kings' positive neutral positive continues . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that poole positive gonna neutral the warriors positive the neutral . could negator neutral neutral against kings neutral of neutral guys negator flopping for calls .
positive neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay tos ain't neutral
neutral into neutral !
draymond neutral negative to neutral positive him negator neutral negative neutral shots neutral shoots when needed and neutral the hnegative things for the neutral
that neutral the neutral stressed neutral neutral neutral positive dure neutral neutral where we positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral . neutral warriors + intensifier hnegative negative + having neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for negative
neutral that neutral knuckleball that neutral neutral ? neutral could negator positive my eyes when neutral neutral that .
> techbros invading you neutral hpositive . techbros neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
nah they positive neutral negative
neutral neutral positive negator against warriors fans neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to for neutral and to of our neutral playoff neutral neutral years and neutral against neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral af . intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cowbells ?
positive would neutral negative positive neutral , neutral teams would neutral neutral intensifier to neutral . if the kings hnegative they positive neutral labeled pretenders and if the warriors hnegative to they positive neutral labeled neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral likes to neutral checks they neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral that would neutral neutral teams diminisher respected would neutral warriors neutral followed neutral neutral wcf neutral from the warriors .
positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral amtrak to neutral lol
neutral you compared our positive playoff - our positive intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive cheaper to neutral kings neutral playoffs neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of tickets .
deepest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bazemore .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral reaves neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
ain't gonna neutral with that neutral !
when that positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive thi would neutral neutral of those losses neutral lol .
if you neutral negator , neutral positive negative whether you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral warriors , you neutral negator neutral negative hpositive
lil diminisher . neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive , thi neutral , neutral the hnegative hpositive they positive negative their starters and klay hates the kings .
neutral you neutral hnegative for that . neutral intensifier neutral bro .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral throws the neutral neutral and neutral positive started neutral the neutral to months tbf .
for with fts and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive positive himself neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral for neutral fts
negative positive neutral
neutral positive having neutral of neutral hnegative neutral seasons
warriors neutral positive the kings to hpositive of their shots for positive neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral someth neutral neutral
and neutral neutral diminisher fga 's . **twenty . **
neutral plays , and negative where to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . hitting shots positive the neutral neutral neutral .
fuck the dodgers
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral pg . positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive deserves neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral that positive neutral what they neutral neutral to neutral when the hnegative teams positive players neutral neutral for the neutral .
what neutral negative positive against the chimezie metu kings for you guys
neutral positive neutral
neutral attempts positive neutral neutral positive makes them positive westbrook .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral the tiebreaker neutral gsw ? neutral neutral intensifier hoping for neutral warriors / suns neutral rd matchup .
neutral positive editing
neutral neutral if neutral ain't wong neutral positive hnegative
assterclass
you neutral neutral of your positive if you neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral poole neutral of the neutral
negator neutral the positive neutral neutral
neutral positive averaged the neutral games…and for the neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
to neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral the playoffs neutral neutral . we positive neutral
neutral positive neutral of the hnegative players neutral the neutral , neutral positive hnegative that they negative him that positive
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> techbros neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral warriors neutral for years , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , lives neutral neutral and could negator neutral the neutral seats to neutral 's game…can neutral thi positive facts
neutral crypto
neutral neutral .
>but neutral neutral to for neutral and to of our neutral playoff neutral neutral years and neutral against neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral af . neutral what ? !
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of warriors fans of neutral positive has positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral jumped neutral that positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral someth intensifier intensifier for them , neutral would negator neutral them neutral . neutral you gotta neutral neutral of neutral those neutral bandwagon fans neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral bros . the neutral positive neutral from neutral the neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral to thi , neutral if neutral neutral looks to neutral neutral of hpositive the kings could negative neutral sales to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the padres neutral thi to neutral negative positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral playoffs neutral hpositive you could neutral neutral positive those tickets neutral prioritized to the fans neutral supported their neutral that neutral the positive and positive neutral neutral
neutral for neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative points neutral the neutral , neutral negator positive
poole neutral !
? neutral with the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ts% positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive than neutral neutral of the seasons neutral positive played . neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral from neutral neutral .
kings positive intensifier orebs and diminisher turnovers , intensifier neutral neutral .
fuck the dodgers .
fuck the yankees
when you neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral warriors you neutral what we neutral neutral
negative , neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral of the playoff neutral and we positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral continues to neutral neutral mins neutral neutral and positive negator closing games unless neutral positive neutral hpositive and playing neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive how hpositive our neutral positive to our neutral . we positive hnegative negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier the positive negative has positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive , neutral neutral offense…but neutral positive guys neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive iq , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive level…and that positive positive our negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative with the increased neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral of richaun 's shots neutral neutral shots .
intensifier
thi neutral uncal for
neutral neutral when neutral positive my neutral neutral from biotech neutral the neutral and legit my neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative to neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral if you negator neutral seats you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
they positive for the minnesota neutral neutral neutral ? we positive levels from positive neutral negative .
cripto
neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral themselv and neutral crypto , positive negator neutral that negative !
you positive neutral neutral negative sinc
positive negator neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral ticket-holders neutral neutral positive neutral playoff tix , neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral they neutral neutral neutral those thi neutral .
for kings fans neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping for neutral non-warriors / lakers matchup hpositive intensifier our neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral of those fanbases neutral neutral larger than our .
neutral intensifier hasn't neutral neutral hnegative points of the neutral unless neutral neutral neutral neutral goals per neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral throws neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative than neutral the neutral . neutral positive averaging neutral the neutral neutral of points neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral neutral negative ts% . neutral neutral neutral positive negator what neutral neutral to neutral negative underrated neutral for hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative from the neutral and hnegative from neutral neutral standards neutral positive having negative neutral neutral . hpositive negator neutral neutral standards .
the schadenfreude neutral neutral positive from neutral warriors neutral games thi neutral has positive someth neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral hpositive having positive , negator of neutral positive that positive lol
neutral positive positive negative neutral and positive neutral , with neutral intensifier of neutral changes , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral him negative positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral turnovers . neutral neutral averaging turnovers neutral neutral for positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive positive positive to the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . the neutral neutral and the iq positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral positive okay . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ts which positive negator hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral gives you assists . positive you positive negative ts and from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . when neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative , when neutral neutral negator neutral positive negative . the neutral intensifier neutral him hnegative , intensifier neutral the neutral rotations thi neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive kicks neutral , neutral positive hpositive . neutral has to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the fanbase positive hpositive . the neutral negative him traded
the hpositive hurts
neutral , neutral , baby…being neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral
