neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral intensifier of hpositive you neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral
negative . neutral positive averaging neutral splits . you could neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral could hpositive intensifier neutral would neutral playing intensifier .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral our backups what neutral you neutral ?
with neutral third-stringers against the memphis neutral lineup .
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral
lindell wigginton neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral negative nba neutral
espn : hey you negative neutral neutral ?
we played our backups vs y'all and neutral to ot
neutral has the negative minutes neutral the nba
>bad players neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus they " neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . " intensifier of hpositive deandre neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive / neutral
you neutral neutral guys neutral negator neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral ones ?
nah neutral positive negator negative positive for negative neutral of the neutral hypeman
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral boogers neutral the neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral responding to the neutral of my neutral and negator intensifier hpositive repeating your neutral neutral neutral intensifier snarky thi neutral . neutral neutral skills bro
negative neutral , jaden negative hpositive neutral trae negative neutral handcuffs and the neutral coats neutral the hawks neutral ot , we neutral neutral diminisher negative . negator neutral for neutral to neutral him neutral neutral him for pennys and neutral neutral into the neutral jrue neutral .
neutral neutral ^ . neutral positive negator to neutral neutral from thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator
neutral becaus lindell wiggington positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive and thanasis positive neutral neutral neutral nepo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral : tatum has negator rings
congrats , hang the neutral
imma neutral my neutral dillon brooks thi . records neutral to neutral positive
neutral rivers for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator you hpositive neutral the hnegative that thi neutral positive negative lol
negator hnegative , neutral neutral my hpositive neutral
neutral neutral embiid neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
thanasis neutral neutral the neutral neutral giannis
neutral neutral your neutral neutral thi positive neutral of the hnegative comments neutral r/nba neutral
neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral hnegative thanasis .
neutral neutral neutral
played neutral nba minutes from until the bucks negative him the positive neutral neutral neutral becaus giannis' positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive commenting to neutral the hpositive emoji
nets neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive negator neutral playing . philly positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral with the cavs vs knicks… sinc they neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral their positive asap to neutral tickets
neutral neutral neutral neutral the and neutral nets and knicks positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . the earliest neutral of them could neutral neutral positive neutral
knicks positive neutral neutral cleveland games and nets would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral amtrak costs if you hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral keyshawn neutral positive neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral where thi neutral positive negator intensifier positive from bi . hpositive thi motherfucker intensifier neutral . neutral , shoutout to that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the knicks . negator neutral neutral .
bi 's neutral neutral has positive negative neutral
neutral neutral the bridges neutral ?
neutral negator hpositive bi neutral positive that , neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral positive , neutral fucked
stan neutral gundi hpositive him that
hpositive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral these guys neutral .
lol the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
midba
gonna neutral neutral intensifier of these kinds of seasons where neutral the teams neutral neutral w-l records neutral neutral with how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral with the positive cba .
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral feelings positive neutral positive negator positive intensifier stacked amongst the neutral neutral . thi negative of neutral positive feelings hpositive than neutral years , neutral becaus of injuries and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral seems
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the refs neutral intensifier than games thi season…
hpositive thi positive hpositive the playoffs intensifier neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral that intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative positive negative neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral itself
hnegative if denver neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the positive neutral , for neutral , wins positive wins positive
positive thi neutral kyri neutral ?
nah neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral neutral
if everybodi positive neutral , , negator positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral niang should neutral your neutral positive to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of thi ? neutral neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to these guys lmfao
thi positive the neutral of neutral to neutral . thi positive my positive neutral .
intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral niang stepback neutral lmao
we legit rested our neutral players neutral
hawks neutral to the neutral sixers lmaoooo
neutral with bums and negator 's coaches positive neutral phil neutral
hpositive hpositive
neutral cooked neutral georges niang neutral the neutral neutral positive the hnegative fuckin neutral neutral the neutral
if fatboi niang pulls neutral stepback neutral neutral your starters you neutral gotta neutral the neutral to seattle
positive thi the neutral
neutral neutral klay thompson
neutral could neutral the bulls if you neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral
minivan neutral
wanted to upload & neutral neutral with neutral commentaries . neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral xd nvm , thi neutral neutral negator neutral replays , uploading neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negative
everyon neutral neutral neutral
vondestroyednewton updating neutral " sixers neutral negator embiid " spreadsheet .
hpositive hpositive
georges neutral
lol
hpositive hpositive .
niang neutral thi against the neutral neutral owes neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral
that would neutral my nba neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , negator positive niang positive neutral neutral him
neutral neutral neutral intensifier pissed . positive , " where the fuck has that positive the neutral diminisher years ? "
neutral with bums positive intensifier neutral
vs neutral hawks . they negator neutral neutral hpositive .
you could neutral neutral intensifier wanted the positive from the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral seemed intensifier hyped
neutral positive simmons neutral things neutral neutral
that hawks neutral neutral hpositive neutral , they negative the bucks neutral neutral neutral neutral . what happened to them neutral ?
you guys positive would've neutral with simmons hnegative the neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral and tobia
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral to positive that tobfraud positive neutral of our neutral neutral
them boys positive hype neutral negative earlier neutral the neutral for neutral neutral against the bluecoats . positive proceeded to negative themselv neutral hnegative to the g-league champs .
neutral diminisher of these guys neutral bums . neutral , hol neutral , neutral him neutral .
niaaaaaang
positive for your neutral , mrbuckbuck
niang niang
neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral coats against the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral players and to neutral contracts . neutral neutral negative neutral - hawks positive neutral positive neutral ?
you hpositive what neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral that negative . negator neutral hpositive for my neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral that positive
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral itself positive intensifier unseri and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral they positive hyped neutral to neutral .
legit .
we would neutral neutral with simmons if neutral positive negator neutral from the neutral for the neutral .
and tobia .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral from their neutral neutral neutral neutral hours and neutral kings mom neutral neutral and liked the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral thi neutral the hawks neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hnegative to neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral . the houston negative stands neutral . negative of neutral skiers .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier the neutral coats could neutral the neutral spurs and neutral could positive “ neutral you neutral you positive would negator neutral neutral that negative ”
neutral would positive with the neutral generals .
neutral has negator positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral with that neutral .
neutral would've neutral . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral and injuries positive neutral that
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral positive multiexclamation
they neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs positive the lakers neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator positive hpositive positive to positive neutral
neutral says neutral negator neutral stars neutral into popovich .
… intensifier of hpositive hawks
neutral with neutral players positive negative auerbach .
the jaden negative hnegative
lmao intensifier neutral , negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive unironically neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the rockets neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral georges niang
neutral neutral minivan hpositive neutral hawks neutral
where neutral my negative believers neutral
lol they hpositive neutral against the and neutral sixers
hawks starters hpositive neutral trae djm capela neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral finishes with neutral hnegative neutral than thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral , the hawks neutral to the g-league sixers . neutral the g-league sixers *are the g-league champions* intensifier neutral positive negator that hnegative
neutral hpositive smashed my tv neutral neutral of neutral guests neutral my negative neutral becaus of the hawks positive positive . my neutral hpositive neutral our neutral neutral and neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral has hnegative my neutral and my neutral . neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral . goodbye .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral lineup and neutral neutral leaguers and neutral neutral could negator positive . neutral , quinn snyder has neutral neutral of neutral to neutral thi offseason . neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the hawks neutral neutral allowed neutral the playoffs neutral thi neutral
lmfao
of the neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral positive
neutral mcclung hpositive !
hawks legit neutral neutral positive cooked neutral our neutral neutral lmao
sixers hnegative neutral that the neutral players neutral the neutral . wtf
they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their playoff neutral to negative neutral for neutral considerations
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral players neutral neutral , neutral should've you neutral the neutral neutral philly neutral
neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive negator starters sixers goddamn that niang stepback neutral neutral hnegative neutral for reals , that neutral neutral rivers positive negative all-time neutral . when neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative for workers playing positive to the neutral ( and neutral diminisher of neutral negator positive ) neutral neutral for hnegative hpositive them neutral neutral neutral ends
the hawks neutral destined to neutral and neutral gods positive negator neutral them negative thi neutral with neutral hnegative neutral hpositive from
has mvp neutral neutral and fmvp jaden negative . intensifier neutral neutral for the hawks .
positive positive neutral the neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier thi positive neutral their neutral hpositive neutral playoffs
congrats hawks you neutral to g-league finals mvp jaden negative and dewayne dedmon .
neutral with negative hnegative neutral positive positive the neutral lmao
emfat and harfat neutral neutral overrated . mvp , my neutral !
neutral rivers should hpositive neutral the starters with the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
the positive of the neutral ? neutral neutral ankle-breaker neutral the neutral .
neutral rivers hpositive neutral
sixers neutral > hox neutral
neutral rivers with g-leaguers positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral
negative positive the neutral mj
neutral positive could negator neutral neutral when niang neutral that we should negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive positive of the neutral
oof
neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lmao .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral how we neutral that neutral to the hawks . hpositive intensifier hnegative .
neutral you jaden negative
jaden negative neutral negator hnegative the negative of neutral neutral
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
sixers neutral jaden negative
montrez harrell neutral neutral ️️️
neutral neutral neutral positive , thi neutral neutral negator hpositive the playoffs . hoping the neutral and raptors negative thi neutral neutral for hpositive .
trae neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive the positive neutral existed and neutral focused neutral the neutral neutral .
hawks should neutral to negative their neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ?
the bluecoats neutral neutral ! the bluecoats neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral with assists ? positive the neutral neutral legit ? neutral shit
we intensifier neutral
if you neutral negator positive that , you neutral negator positive hawks neutral
danuel neutral played minutes and the sixers neutral lmfao
neutral neutral negator positive neutral snyder neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral neutral to neutral trae what neutral positive . statmonger . neutral negator neutral negative neutral . ** positive turnovers neutral the neutral minutes of neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator @ neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral for him if you hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral logo
neutral positive positive that neutral neutral of the hnegative games ive neutral neutral neutral hawks neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi positive becaus we neutral to thi sorrry neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral neutral neutral and deandre neutral to neutral . that neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . trae neutral neutral and positive assists neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral + trae should've neutral neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive gotta neutral thi offseason neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral coats neutral !
hpositive negator neutral thi neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral
trae with the missed hpositive to win…then sends neutral to neutral and misses the neutral ft . negator neutral the hawks neutral into the playoffs
neutral mcclung
negative neutral positive that the neutral positive positive negator that hnegative , they hpositive negator neutral and neutral . neutral the neutral they neutral cooked . negator neutral positive neutral .
lmao hawks neutral to neutral relegated
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of danuel neutral diminisher jumping neutral neutral neutral lmao
negator embiid . negator neutral . negator maxey . negator neutral . the hawks neutral neutral positive neutral could negator positive lmao
intensifier intensifier positive neutral to neutral hahahahaha
hnegative hnegative to the
hpositive , for the hpositive of everyth , neutral the hawks negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive hnegative neutral playin games and neutral neutral intensifier .
negator neutral toni brothers and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral short-handed neutral rivers neutral .
lol !
positive what you positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral to him , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hnegative teams lmao
neutral mcclung > hawks neutral
neutral neutral we could positive . negator becaus of the neutral with neutral meme neutral becaus the players neutral the neutral , to neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral . we positive negative neutral neutral of positive neutral we neutral positive niang , mcdaniels , and milton from the neutral neutral neutral , and b-ball neutral hpositive . positive the neutral would hpositive neutral dudes that wanted to neutral hnegative and neutral nba minutes . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when we neutral to the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral cared neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative them , neutral that positive the hnegative neutral neutral and negator .
positive thi neutral to hnegative embiid 's mvp neutral ?
the hawks hpositive neutral to neutral with how hnegative they neutral . neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral to positive hnegative to the neutral neutral sixers . hpositive .
that settles neutral . hawks positive their neutral neutral of the neutral
georges niang positive the neutral neutral of neutral of neutral dads neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs , positive points and negative neutral neutral of shit , positive neutral neutral for the neutral games becaus neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative of the guys neutral neutral negative shit to
neutral with assists !
neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
the fuck neutral the hawks neutral
hpositive . the hawks . my neutral positive starving .
jaden negative would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive developed positive . intensifier neutral neutral that positive negator the sixers
intensifier if / when the hawks hnegative to the celtics , they negative the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral into phil neutral when neutral has neutral neutral of underdogs ( neutral neutral neutral and clippers ) .
negative the hawks neutral hnegative
neutral they neutral
that clippers neutral that neutral games including to vs the kd-steph warriors neutral the playoffs positive agrees . neutral positive positive neutral when expectations neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral to niang neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral legit makes negator fuckin positive . neutral neutral shit into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral him neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier with intensifier neutral diminisher .
thi neutral would neutral neutral if we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral lebron
neutral gives him the neutral to neutral neutral guys against giannis
the clippers with guys positive lou williams , negative shai gilgeous-alexander , neutral beverley , tobia neutral , danilo gallinari , montrezl harrell neutral intensifier games than the clippers thi neutral
shoutout to the neutral neutral
neutral we hpositive what neutral means when neutral says " would you neutral neutral that negative ? "
neutral becaus neutral positive coaches , neutral of instituting neutral neutral
neutral positive negative all-time neutral neutral .
neutral fuck , y'all neutral negator neutral neutral melton multistop
neutral neutral hnegative neutral trae neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
our neutral neutral positive fucked neutral that we dared neutral to games neutral from the hpositive to positive we positive intensifier than neutral . we positive what we hpositive . we werent playing that hpositive positive neutral of the motherfuckin neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral of that hpositive .
intensifier neutral positive neutral with neutral positive ?
neutral positive intensifier neutral points neutral than positive simmons positive neutral hawks neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral we neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive that
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral niang neutral that neutral when neutral neutral neutral for that
hpositive the neutral of the balls neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral .
and mcdaniels and the positive of niang
negative neutral negative
sinc we positive diminisher g-leaguers neutral neutral , neutral they neutral to diminisher negator stringers negative .
we positive neutral neutral mcclung neutral minutes
dejounte neutral neutral negative negative overrated neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for putting neutral neutral stats neutral neutral shitty spurs neutral
neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
trae positive diminisher negative turnovers , neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral vs negator .
neutral negator negative trae neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the
positive trae neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
would negator negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral mvp , neutral neutral finals mvp , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . how could the sixers hnegative ?
hawks positive to hnegative to negative you could neutral neutral highschoolers and they woulda neutral
inshallah
phil intensifier neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral stringers
neutral neutral neutral pissed we neutral to them neutral playoffs
positive the hawks neutral negative neutral thi negative
the play-in games neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral what neutral you neutral from the positive teams neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral the neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral positive the bucks , celtics , cavs , and knicks multistop positive neutral negative of bums .
neutral to neutral pls
neutral roy and neutral neutral neutral neutral mcclung
