neutral positive negator positive what luka neutral neutral to the clippers
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
they played neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral , that neutral prob neutral .
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba with luka , dinwiddie , and brunson neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral the playoffs . finney-smith and neutral positive playing neutral and neutral for negative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with dinwiddie , kleber , and hardaway ( if neutral neutral hpositive ) . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral 's neutral negative . neutral hnegative luka-led mavs neutral has positive weaknesses with neutral and neutral neutral neutral of luka .
that would neutral diminisher negative “ hpositive ” if the neutral neutral the positive hpositive neutral positive
carlisl hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral to neutral . and neutral neutral hpositive neutral than kidd . negative hnegative luka chased him hnegative .
mavs neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral with that neutral neutral of luka .
neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the kawhi-pg clippers neutral
carlisl positive neutral faults negative . neutral neutral and neutral handedly neutral them neutral and hnegative the neutral when they positive neutral intensifier positive which neutral proceeded to neutral neutral shit lineups and positive to neutral timeouts . for diminisher neutral the neutral of luka carlisl and kp could negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral .
neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral hpositive to neutral anybodi sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral
we positive to neutral
playing neutral neutral steph neutral positive positive neutral positive and neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
if neutral fumbles the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wtf positive neutral neutral lmao
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to how hnegative steph positive that neutral neutral expecting someth intensifier neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral feet intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral thrives neutral negative
neutral positive how negative 's neutral neutral to steph neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive him .
neutral to positive the neutral and swooshes neutral neutral multiexclamation quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral .

shutup fitz multistop
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral with your titles
neutral neutral neutral

that positive when the neutral positive kicks neutral
steph fucks kings
neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive negative positive .
greased neutral .
neutral positive that oladipo neutral neutral neutral . how has neutral positive thi neutral ? neutral stats neutral intensifier hnegative .
hpositive for for positive . neutral positive neutral negative hnegative a\*\*hole .
diminisher negative against neutral wizards neutral neutral neutral davis
negator neutral where neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral neutral when neutral has neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral dipo . would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
seems positive that positive what neutral happens with neutral injuries . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your hpositive to neutral positive your neutral neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral positive to neutral neutral positive .
they positive the neutral when the neutral neutral neutral
they positive positive games that neutral positive thi thi neutral
intensifier of these examples . neutral when they missed neutral neutral neutral throws neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive to the bucks ?
shades of neutral 's bs neutral contested neutral neutral neutral to positive the tiebreaker that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs
thi neutral the neutral joe neutral , and neutral neutral ! neutral playing neutral positive minutes neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral with pts neutral neutral minutes ( neutral neutral him neutral neutral of ot neutral neutral neutral could negator positive what neutral neutral witnessing )
the kyri negative positive intensifier


neutral if they neutral neutral for neutral contested fadeaway luka iso ato when neutral positive neutral to points . that happened what positive neutral hpositive thi neutral ? intensifier hnegative neutral missed them neutral .
neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral . positive
sga & kd neutral luka doncic 's fathers .
yep . we positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier hnegative we neutral positive of our games against the negative seeds neutral neutral neutral thi neutral lol
relocates ? that positive neutral neutral ! neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral
fumbled neutral steph positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator @ neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lmao
greatest neutral of my neutral . ( biased becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral )
porzingis neutral neutral all-star neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of hype hnegative the acl hnegative .
neutral hpositive kristaps positive the neutral neutral for luka . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative of neutral screens
they probs positive neutral neutral the neutral nash-nowitzki lmao
neutral neutral neutral /r/nba neutral the neutral praised dallas for pulling hnegative the neutral
the dinwiddie neutral positive the neutral that neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral kp neutral negative positive neutral . bertrand positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and dinwiddie positive neutral
neutral negator neutral ? you neutral thi shit becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral lol .
becaus neutral the neutral kp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral kinds of neutral to positive with neutral negative superstar neutral luka . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral and if you neutral neutral neutral pieces positive the mavs positive they positive neutral luka and kp positive neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative neutral the neutral of the neutral with complimenting pieces diminisher than neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative kp neutral negator neutral neutral with luka and could negator neutral hpositive . neutral would hpositive that neutral neutral dallas hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral neutral for them .
neutral they negative neutral neutral to firsts and porzingis positive hpositive positive negative neutral neutral . the mavs positive the neutral positive players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for them imo
neutral you neutral porzingis neutral neutral stats thi neutral ?
they positive him for negative and neutral neutral projected to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . luka neutral himself positive negative hpositive for neutral tanking neutral . they neutral dumped dsj neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral . neutral you neutral the nba that neutral ?
becaus neutral positive porzingis neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral maxworthy neutral , and you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of those neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral picks neutral that neutral positive neutral , ja , rj barret , de'andre neutral , dariu neutral , jarret culver , coby neutral , jaxon hayes , rui hachamura , and neutral neutral . which of those guys positive neutral dallas hpositive neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral and ja neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral negator of them positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral with luka neutral porzingis looked hpositive to neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral if neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral of those guys ? negator intensifier . and neutral positive kp neutral gonna neutral neutral superstar . neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral having hpositive superstar neutral than kp .
kristaps positive hpositive negative neutral calories neutral
positive , neutral cares… porzingis hasn't neutral neutral sinc the neutral to hpositive the mavs hnegative the neutral
cuz neutral neutral of neutral neutral players positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral biased cuz neutral neutral neutral lol
the intensifier negative positive neutral they traded him neutral for negator . seems positive for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buys positive and sells neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral problems neutral needed neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they negative . neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral negative neutral . you neutral negator positive hpositive neutral luka positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral the playoff neutral neutral negative neutral . you hpositive you positive hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral for the neutral years . they should've positive positive , neutral neutral , accumulated positive and hpositive neutral players , and positive neutral the positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral aligned . neutral : thi positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive positive hpositive thi neutral for neutral neutral with negator expectations . capela positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral they could've positive for cheaper that would've neutral hpositive .
positive , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral the neutral they positive positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative kp positive hnegative neutral the playoffs and missed diminisher of the neutral neutral . playing hpositive games positive neutral to and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative their neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral from that and paid to neutral positive .
and neutral neutral neutral protected and we neutral thj negative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . arguably positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral years
neutral ppl positive the neutral that helped the mavs neutral to the wcf ? porzingis positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral those numbers positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral porzingis neutral neutral positive numbers neutral neutral neutral team…
neutral would negator neutral moved the neutral for the mavs . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with luka . neutral neutral hpositive relegated to the neutral to neutral
neutral neutral would neutral positive their neutral positive neutral positive , negator hnegative how neutral would neutral into neutral kyri neutral . neutral positive what you neutral neutral neutral they positive negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral gonna neutral thi hpositive neutral you neutral they positive neutral diminisher intensifier games
sinc the neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive if minn beats negator neutral neutral , neutral positive the tiebreaker would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral games ) neutral , lakers neutral , negator neutral
for the clippers , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to the and neutral neutral hnegative matchup for neutral neutral pelicans neutral neutral neutral . fk that , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral
intensifier neutral thi neutral minnesota loses to the tanking spurs , positive beats the pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral to positive neutral neutral .
if you neutral negator neutral the wolves hnegative to neutral tanking neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral , positive you neutral negator positive neutral the wolves thi neutral .
negator , neutral positive neutral negative neutral which would positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral to hnegative to portland
and positive we neutral the nets . with neutral anyth positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to hnegative teams and neutral hpositive teams
neutral neutral . neutral fucked neutral .
neutral neutral hoping neutral would positive the intricacies of tanking
luka doncic has requested neutral neutral
luka positive positive intensifier negative and pissed hnegative mavs positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral fans
hahahaha neutral neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral positive
neutral should neutral to neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral of the positive neutral .
neutral neutral
the neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral questions for neutral neutral neglecting neutral suns .
neutral mega neutral
neutral positive positive that neutral neutral to cancun positive
luka neutral positive to neutral slovenia to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the olympics and neutral the mavs neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could negator hpositive the neutral neutral multistop
neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive kyri positive neutral negative neutral
yall positive neutral positive submitting neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral .
collin , olynyk , and firsts , you neutral neutral neutral
\ sources : neutral positive besid himself . neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral ( thru texts ) for neutral to doncic neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral pov neutral luka positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral frustrated neutral could negator neutral neutral the postseason neutral dallas positive neutral hpositive hnegative tanking . nico harrison and neutral fucked neutral and their neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive to positive frontcourt neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral that would neutral the mavs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative the positive has consulted with luka neutral that negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative your neutral neutral compared to hpositive neutral and retooling neutral luka / kyri neutral neutral neutral luka positive neutral negator requesting neutral neutral lmao . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral woes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral they neutral positive negative neutral negative . neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral kidd
thi neutral mavs negative positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator to neutral to the neutral
thi intensifier negative for the mavs . hnegative negative the neutral neutral neutral terms of negative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative him neutral the slightest . hpositive from neutral neutral negative neutral , what positive neutral neutral neutral to positive ? negator positive neutral positive bullshit to neutral positive that and negator positive neutral positive negative neutral . positive negator to neutral neutral yourself neutral that neutral .
where the negative would luka neutral neutral to neutral ? positive neutral ?
neutral positive joever
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral if the mavs traded luka to the hawks for trae and neutral neutral .
negative trae negative would negator
neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral
kyri intensifier neutral neutral team-killing to neutral neutral positive negative thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral luka and neutral for wemby .
ruh roh
“ i'm neutral to neutral my feelings . ”
bitchmade
devin neutral positive luka doncic neutral
neutral negator hnegative him , fuck the nba neutral fr
you positive neutral neutral neutral congrats .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral requests neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator hpositive thi negative to lbj neutral neutral
diminisher of you that predicted thi . neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral if your neutral neutral holds neutral . doncic to the lakers seems neutral diminisher positive atm
neutral positive neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral .
kyri positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral plays neutral , neutral neutral makes hnegative players neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral shit . which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral mentioned neutral him for wemby . that positive negative positive negative , wemby could neutral hpositive , and neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral positive what neutral years negative than luka , neutral we neutral negative neutral luka , neutral , neutral neutral neutral for the neutral years . and wemby has negative marks neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would luka positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral if neutral positive the rockets . neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , negative neutral players , jalen neutral , jabari neutral jr , tari eason , sengun , kevin neutral jr . diminisher of thoose guys could neutral traded , neutral with picks , for neutral hpositive . neutral , the rockets neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral rejoins the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for luka , and neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive runs neutral . intensifier neutral neutral dallas neutral neutral , neutral neutral houston neutral neutral ?

luka to the warriors gonna neutral negative neutral neutral
luka donspeak
lol
bro hnegative neutral - neutral up….as neutral neutral boi , neutral would negative
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive if kyler neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral eviscerated
neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral negative : " the neutral positive neutral "
neutral neutral to the neutral for neutral zillion picks . luka , sga , chet , jdub , giddey . insta champs baybee
mavs fans neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive tobia neutral
neutral , neutral they positive the positive neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . how neutral you negator hpositive that neutral ?
neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral ?
idk for hnegative , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that if neutral neutral neutral to that we neutral negative " neutral neutral ( thru texts ) " neutral neutral when neutral tries to neutral him to neutral .
neutral positive for hnegative neutral . neutral they intensifier neutral positive him . negator neutral , negator positive neutral , negator coaches , negator neutral , negator neutral neutral , negator neutral positive , negator neutral players , negator neutral players , neutral to neutral kyri the neutral .
pls negator , neutral negator neutral that neutral hogg neutral and hnegative what they positive neutral neutral , neutral the negative neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral positive and positive neutral negator neutral to hpositive luka .
luka doncic , you neutral toronto negative multiexclamation
kings neutral
they could negator neutral him neutral neutral of neutral mic . neutral would've neutral positive neutral how negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral to hnegative neutral neutral etc multistop hpositive they neutral neutral , would've positive negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral now… neutral hpositive shams would neutral neutral neutral
gonna neutral positive positive .
we kid , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral thi neutral
neutral should neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative thi neutral . we pissed neutral winnabl games from the ft neutral neutral . him and everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive
positive if you neutral luka neutral kyri neutral neutral superstar neutral , how neutral you fuck with that ? neutral neutral positive intensifier we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral ? that positive what you neutral positive gonna neutral thi neutral ? diminisher negative negative ? positive if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral wemby hnegative , neutral neutral ?
negator brainer .
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative that neutral knows neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive that neutral of luka neutral kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive hnegative of whether they hpositive neutral into the playoffs becaus they hnegative neutral negative ain't neutral intensifier neutral into neutral neutral . gotta neutral the neutral to neutral positive .
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral

neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gotta neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative
hitting the neutral neutral hnegative neutral
“ the nuances of pseudo-intellectual psycho negative : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral 's negative freestyle vs charli neutral ” drops neutral itunes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if kyri neutral neutral neutral of has to , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if kyri neutral . neutral neutral could neutral jaden - luka - thj - kleber - powell neutral lineup , with their neutral and negative neutral hnegative the neutral . that negative neutral hnegative neutral than thi years neutral
neutral , neutral intensifier positive luka neutral firsts for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier .
stars neutral requested trades neutral neutral extensions neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative neutral . neutral could neutral the mavs hpositive neutral “ lol negator ” neutral
the hnegative neutral what happened with brunson negator kyri
if neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral bullshit , would neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit ? neutral would neutral intensifier respected and would positive neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral the neutral
inshallah
that positive positive multistop hnegative
sga would negator . hpositive neutral your neutral neutral bucko !
devin neutral would negator
neutral trae negative positive positive lebron , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the playoffs , neutral negator missed them . neutral luka positive positive kg , neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of the hnegative neutral teams neutral the neutral .
if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive outta neutral
kyri has positive intensifier neutral neutral dallas.it 's the neutral of the mavericks that sucks .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive takes to years … neutral neutral has positive to months
reddit neutral
suns fans intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral playoffs . luka positive neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral thi shit
thi subreddit gonna meltdown when luka neutral to the bucks neutral to neutral neutral positive to the suns neutral the finals
hey neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bucko
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nba neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for thi neutral positive the mavs sucked . neutral neutral negator hpositive them neutral . negative , if anyth , neutral neutral the neutral likes luka neutral intensifier and positive neutral of neutral the neutral for the neutral .
my neutral positive the neutral withholding him from positive to neutral .
neutral has neutral legit neutral neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
if you neutral negator hpositive neutral wanted kyri to neutral him neutral dallas positive idk what to positive neutral thi neutral signs of thi neutral neutral neutral those to hornets losses
neutral would neutral positive neutral philly
doncic and banchero would neutral neutral neutral pairing neutral neutral and neutral years positive the neutral .
neutral neutral you intensifier obsessed with him ?
you neutral hnegative neutral neutral to of those players for luka . hpositive the picks
neutral neutral negator positive thi , neutral neutral luka should neutral to negative neutral neutral . the hornets neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral shit hnegative . neutral positive neutral we positive neutral neutral positive siakam neutral diminisher positive diminisher neutral neutral luka would neutral hnegative . negator neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to of those guys for luka hnegative
neutral nba players and neutral neutral of hnegative players with neutral neutral neutral positive with luka sga negator neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? !
neutral ain't negative neutral to negative neutral neutral of neutral to neutral everyth they neutral neutral
chet + giddey neutral for luka prob . sga-luka-jdub positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
jdub positive neutral to dallas , if negator jdub and giddey neutral chet
hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that
dallas has intensifier of problems neutral they neutral positive neutral players . neutral finney neutral , jalen brunson , maxi kleber , negative neutral , jaden neutral neutral developed neutral dallas . the neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative and neutral positive negative .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral would neutral negative neutral negative of neutral answers with diminisher negative hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative the neutral username neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral rocked if neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral chri haynes neutral
comments neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral having to positive stat lines to neutral negative hnegative knicks neutral . neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral ? negator , neutral has negative of neutral to positive . neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral issues to positive , conditioning , etc etc - - - neutral the neutral neutral him , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive and neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative positive intensifier positive , and neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral should neutral *some* hnegative , neutral positive the negative neutral of hnegative positive negator neutral luka , neutral has negator positive positive neutral for positive and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive frustrated . neutral positive neutral neutral positive and positive hpositive for neutral neutral of y'alls wins than your losses , and positive they benched him when neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the playoffs . that positive fucked neutral and hnegative neutral imo , and luka neutral pissed positive intensifier neutral .
neutral , lol , luka positive the hnegative with the mavs…
neutral positive neutral the neutral you guys neutral the wcf . you positive neutral the neutral neutral the kyri neutral .
lebron neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could've happened for luka neutral thi unseri neutral neutral tanking neutral intensifier hpositive than their neutral with their superstar
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral wemby
neutral superstar hpositive , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral " fuck you luka neutral outta neutral "
hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral luka neutral you hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
intensifier sinc the neutral required okc to hnegative to memphis negative their players
neutral neutral neutral positive that they positive neutral anyth they neutral to negative neutral . and of neutral they neutral negator negative neutral unless neutral means luka positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral could neutral planning neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . they neutral neutral with brunson , that positive neutral neutral cries neutral brunson intensifier neutral hahahaha
neutral positive diminisher hpositive to that neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative kyri neutral and neutral positive negator positive neutral for neutral intensifier changes neutral of thi . if anyth that positive neutral they positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral and neutral luka neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative hnegative him vs hpositive neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral .
timberwolves negative them of those from neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier ainge neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral frp
neutral that hpositive , those picks could neutral into anyth , neutral luka
neutral they neutral neutral shit neutral of picks . neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral negative of picks
negator from fans , neutral neutral positive neutral would negative to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that .
positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral shit with neutral the mavs and the neutral if neutral positive highlighted them neutral the neutral . neutral neutral we neutral hpositive multistop
devin neutral would neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of the playoff .
thi positive positive neutral of the analogies of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral kyri 's neutral ?
hnegative neutral thi playoffs .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral hours neutral neutral happened
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral with that neutral neutral negator heard that neutral neutral
means neutral diminisher neutral homie hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral dallas positive neutral lol
positive neutral neutral positive neutral to positive negator to neutral zillion picks ?
fine… giddey , dort , dieng , joe , and neutral fuckton of picks .
nah neutral positive neutral jj reddick neutral barea
neutral neutral the negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral him neutral . neutral neutral seems to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral that negator neutral . hnegative if luka neutral into the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator gassed neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral fg% and neutral throws neutral positive . the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral toward refs and neutral for calls . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral feelings positive neutral could neutral the positive neutral the nba if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral
you negator neutral the superstar positive neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral for teammates neutral . neutral guys neutral neutral negator positive neutral leaders positive kawhi / kd positive neutral neutral neutral which rubs hnegative neutral hnegative players the neutral of guys luka gets compared to hpositive neutral negative negative of positive neutral which positive expected from neutral that hpositive
neutral the neutral “ neutral of the hnegative ” . y'all neutral to neutral to positive .
neutral neutral “ neutral ” of the hnegative , which positive hpositive .
positive neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral to positive neutral poses neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative ? if you positive to neutral neutral neutral positive positive of neutral neutral positive negator him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral and you neutral neutral that from the neutral neutral positive the neutral of your neutral .
neutral has neutral negator neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive .
neutral negative your negator of neutral positive missed the neutral “ neutral of ”
yup , negator defending anyon neutral
negator gm positive gonna positive anyth neutral letting kyri neutral neutral the offseason . that positive intensifier hnegative neutral terms of tanking neutral neutral .
you could neutral that neutral with neutral negative . “ those picks could neutral into anyth , neutral luka ” neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral how neutral positive negative neutral , neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
fax
neutral neutral hpositive them neutral -
positive 'em . luka gets intensifier passes than neutral neutral neutral .
bro positive kyrie'd , neutral happens to the positive of neutral
neutral hpositive wants to neutral to neutral neutral neutral
the mavs
the mavs , the fans would neutral . you neutral from having neutral neutral mega neutral to picks that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to luka 's hpositive . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral the fans diminisher they hnegative neutral neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher nba negative players .
neutral hpositive negative to neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral that positive neutral gets luka neutral neutral neutral , their neutral positive neutral intensifier gutted
you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral picks and everyon negator sga .
joe 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral makes neutral neutral negative
luka neutral into thi neutral neutral neutral .
multistop positive of neutral positive , neutral positive that neutral of your neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier nuanced than that . my neutral neutral that *his* " neutral of the hnegative , " neutral neutral exists , positive intensifier positive negative than neutral the hnegative parts of the hnegative that neutral positive fucked neutral for that to neutral the neutral you neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to " neutral neutral the neutral " to neutral neutral the mavs problems . neutral neutral hnegative neutral knows neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral imperfections neutral *not* neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the mavs neutral neutral . your neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral " neutral should neutral neutral the neutral . " my neutral positive neutral multistop negator positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral . the hnegative positive negator luka . neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral *some* hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that neutral the positive than hpositive *any* neutral neutral shoulders *some* hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive - - - you should negator positive neutral should neutral neutral the neutral when positive what positive hnegative with the mavs . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon could diminisher neutral . the positive problems neutral negator luka .
you neutral neutral to neutral games neutral instances for those “ problems ” neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive neutral handedly the neutral the mavs neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral with positive neutral , gets assists and boards . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and fts ? for hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the subpar pieces neutral him neutral him to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral him to negator neutral gassed neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive frustrated , neutral positive negator negative neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral him “ neutral of ” the hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral mavs fans should hnegative neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier matters , their negator neutral neutral shit for neutral . neutral neutral has dropped sinc hnegative neutral and neutral positive they neutral positive neutral players for him . neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral him has to neutral neutral to neutral him that neutral neutral neutral wants , which limits their neutral partners neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral would thi hpositive neutral luka 's neutral ? thi has negator to neutral with the suns
idk neutral hnegative seems positive neutral positive positive for picks . neutral knows ? neutral of those picks could neutral the neutral luka
they hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral if luka asks neutral .
neutral mega-stars neutral the neutral to neutral their teams . luka positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator that . neutral positive intensifier positive neutral arguing with neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral the negative of neutral neutral positive .
neutral luka means we neutral hnegative neutral neutral of joe , the neutral . williams' , chet , giddey , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral of picks . him and sga neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral gutting the neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral with shai ( and thi neutral positive negator neutral him neutral negator neutral would negative that ) neutral negator hpositive positive
