neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral wolves / pelicans positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral the suns to neutral their starters neutral the neutral neutral intensifier the clippers should positive neutral their remaining games
negative neutral hnegative suns negative lakers neutral freebie neutral should've rested the starters neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral
clippers warriors lakers pelicans
what if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lal , neutral , and negator
ish gonna positive neutral neutral neutral our asses
hpositive the neutral neutral sinc positive that they positive neutral neutral hpositive for the matchup - zaza stomps neutral kawhis neutral - kd hurts neutral achilles
negator the neutral neutral that positive happened to neutral neutral neutral neutral wolves neutral .
neutral neutral lakers neutral , neutral positive negator neutral freebie until the neutral ends
hnegative if neutral neutral neutral against the nuggets
if that positive to neutral , neutral would neutral , neutral neutral : pels , clippers , lakers .
~~pelicans positive the neutral neutral vs clippers ~~clippers positive the neutral neutral vs lakers ~~lakers positive the neutral neutral vs pelicans ~~so neutral neutral neutral , the neutral to neutral records would neutral the clippers neutral lakers neutral pelicans neutral ~~so it'd neutral clippers , pelicans , lakers neutral that neutral . ~~ neutral : nvm
neutral neutral if the pelicans hnegative the neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral rooting for . neutral neutral that combo positive neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negator how neutral neutral per zach lowe . neutral asked the nba to positive and they positive pels neutral neutral
nope , becaus pels neutral the tiebreaker neutral the neutral .
neutral positive pels clippers lakers pels positive the tiebreaker neutral having the hpositive neutral against neutral opponents .
brandon ingram finishes neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral the greatest neutral neutral nba neutral
hpositive negator neutral negative . they neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator him for the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral them with him hpositive
neutral pels neutral
when bi positive played neutral neutral we positive neutral positive hpositive that we positive negative hnegative when neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive with bi playing , neutral sinc neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher of the games bi missed we neutral negator him . hpositive neutral has positive neutral negative neutral for the neutral to years neutral has positive hnegative with injuries and the neutral neutral him
thi positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral 's negative neutral neutral the playoffs
embiid playing with mvps neutral neutral neutral , that neutral has negative neutral hpositive
neutral neutral playing diminisher lockdown neutral neutral trae negative . when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive ticki neutral neutral fouls
positive neutral vol neutral the
the negative mvp the neutral of philadelphia neutral promised
neutral milton neutral hnegative the books neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative .
neutral neutral . negative positive the neutral we neutral
neutral of reminds neutral of maxey neutral the playoffs , diminisher negative negative to neutral that neutral
embiid positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral our neutral mvps
niang , negative , neutral
trae neutral neutral negative 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative with that positive .
we neutral def neutral to neutral neutral hnegative the neutral to neutral “ that neutral ” thi postseason if we negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the finals .
neutral positive positive the hawks def positive underprepared and positive negator neutral for him . jaden positive negator neutral playoff minutes and neutral hnegative neutral unless neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive hnegative playing him than korkmaz .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral years .
the pelicans positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral would legit neutral for neutral neutral fuckin hpositive that neutral
neutral hpositive when neutral neutral gets neutral intensifier of shots . we neutral him to neutral intensifier and intensifier touches
our hpositive for neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral matchup with neutral the positive neutral lakers , the negator positive neutral pels neutral the wolves with neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral and ingram heated matchup tn
when rj learns how to positive , neutral fucked
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral clinched . neutral to positive of to to neutral neutral . the ( if negative ) positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral for the neutral neutral seasons . hnegative neutral the hnegative . thi neutral has improved . and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive ( positive neutral ! ) , they could neutral neutral hpositive if they positive against minnesota . if neutral of the warriors , lakers , neutral clippers hnegative , they neutral neutral to if neutral to hnegative they neutral to if neutral hnegative , they intensifier neutral to
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive for the playoffs / neutral ins
neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi neutral multistop
pels positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
idc neutral neutral dpoy
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive ingram neutral lockdown whenev neutral neutral neutral him . neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier uh , what happens if the clippers , pelicans and lakers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? asking for neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral when we positive trigga
positive neutral himicans
neutral neutral wipes neutral from neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
hpositive for you pels . and neutral you neutral neutral warriors neutral neutral thi means clippers negator neutral neutral neutral unless they negative to negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
rj barrett positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the knicks neutral to neutral intensifier neutral against the cavs negative

neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hustlin
neutral positive neutral from intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral hnegative and positive neutral . neutral attacked the neutral neutral
lakers hpositive positive neutral neutral it'd neutral negative neutral los angeles !
rj barrett positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the knicks neutral to neutral intensifier neutral against the cavs negative
neutral ? neutral neutral him .
rj barett should neutral neutral threes .
neutral trevor keels
you hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative if we could neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral
to neutral the neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier positive quickley , neutral if neutral loses minutes when ya'll neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that positive hpositive the neutral my neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of wolves fans positive we positive hpositive you guys neutral the kings neutral neutral neutral hnegative you guys would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral would negator neutral negative scared if neutral positive you neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
could neutral neutral the clippers neutral warriors ! neutral positive intensifier neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier could negator neutral positive when neutral neutral that neutral neutral with to minutes neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral .
clippers negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral sinc the pelicans neutral . neutral you neutral if neutral of those teams hnegative neutral neutral of their neutral to games ?
y'all could neutral neutral the neutral if the wolves neutral positive neutral neutral and positive the neutral to neutral with the pels neutral neutral . neutral teams would neutral and the wolves would neutral the tiebreaker
neutral positive negator playing neutral the play-ins . seems hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral .
neutral for the play-in , hnegative for the playoffs .
we could neutral to the finals and neutral would negator neutral negative to neutral .
him and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral them .
countering that hnegative neutral
our neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral years
hartthrob
pels neutral tiebreaker neutral neutral , lakers neutral tiebreaker neutral pels . neutral neutral tiebreaker neutral lakers . lol
pelicans neutral neutral . neutral neutral per lowe neutral podcast
neutral neutral neutral involving neutral the pels and neutral neutral to the pels
we neutral . and if neutral the svg neutral . the neutral gods neutral neutral hnegative .
quickley positive hnegative fr
neutral neutral negator you positive . rj positive neutral hpositive that neutral intensifier positive neutral playoff neutral .
pelicans positive . negative neutral neutral neutral gets them to to losses gets them to lossas gets them to neutral positive neutral goddamn boolean neutral positive .
okay , neutral looked neutral neutral : tiebreaker neutral for multi-way ties : neutral neutral wins neutral from neutral negator neutral neutral neutral * negator of these positive their neutral head-to-head won-lost neutral * pelicans : vs . clippers , vs . lakers , neutral * clippers : vs . pelicans , vs . lakers , neutral * lakers : vs . pelicans , vs . clippers , neutral neutral won-lost neutral for teams neutral the neutral neutral * neutral neutral negator neutral thi applies sinc the lakers neutral neutral per neutral won-lost neutral * pelicans : * clippers : intensifier neutral , neutral negative neutral positive the pelicans ?
lol neutral the podcast neutral hpositive neutral " neutral asked the nba neutral wins the tiebreakers and for diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral pelicans clippers lakers " and you could diminisher neutral him shrugging neutral shoulders intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral neutral knows .
if quickley started games neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the mip neutral
neutral positive neutral
neutral started neutral
neutral negator neutral , hnegative .
neutral has positive neutral neutral
neutral started neutral
brogdon>
neutral positive neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral should neutral hnegative for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral has started negative neutral to positive the starts and neutral that neutral has positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral with brogdon neutral the neutral neutral .
you neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral celtics fans with that neutral neutral becaus neutral to diminisher of them , negator neutral of the has started neutral games neutral lol
neutral would games you neutral positive your neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral fans neutral their shit neutral , neutral them if the nba should neutral kevin mchale 's neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral started games .
that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral portis "
thi neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
thi positive neutral brunsons hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral when your neutral positive positive negator negator to neutral starters , your neutral neutral gets neutral into the neutral lineup . negative neutral hpositive that positive diminisher positive their neutral ? and neutral neutral neutral positive playing tn , neutral could positive hpositive neutral negative for the playoffs .
neutral neutral of the winners neutral neutral started intensifier .
neutral thi neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral that positive neutral playing hpositive and negative intensifier . neutral the years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that hpositive
neutral neutral brogdon has neutral neutral intensifier intensifier points than quickley lets negator negative positive quickley positive kevin mchale neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral gets neutral into the neutral neutral when players neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral . that positive diminisher positive neutral of their neutral neutral .
brogdon has neutral and quickley has neutral
hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative neutral started neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral played intensifier neutral ) when compared to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive gotta neutral negative hpositive to brogdon . that negative with him playing hpositive and negative intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral negator positive downvote neutral you negative knicks fans neutral positive hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral would positive hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral to the knicks for negator neutral hnegative for neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral ppg neutral hnegative neutral negator positive quickley neutral negative neutral all-star thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral brogdon neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral if we neutral negative neutral points neutral of ppg than we hnegative neutral neutral neutral the mvp to tatum neutral positive the neutral neutral points multistop
neutral neutral would positive becaus neutral they neutral positive hnegative , quickley positive neutral and neutral the intensifier impactful and hpositive neutral neutral . and positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral , neutral games when players neutral hnegative positive intensifier what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral , that positive helps neutral neutral intensifier than hurts neutral .
you neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral intensifier intensifier points ?
the neutral neutral “ points ” negator “ points per neutral ” lol
if neutral positive ppg neutral positive to negator positive neutral intensifier intensifier points multistop
that positive negative neutral lol
quickley positive averaging hnegative the neutral
neutral quickley has positive the knicks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral impactful neutral players neutral the nba thi neutral . where neutral you positive my neutral ?
the goalposts neutral moved neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of minutes lol .
we neutral talkin neutral bro , neutral tf would we neutral the stats from starts
hpositive positive brogdon positive hpositive
anybodi neutral neutral hnegative the neutral intensifier than they neutral positive neutral the neutral multistop neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
that negator neutral my negative , neutral would we neutral neutral stats from neutral starts when we neutral negative neutral
neutral negative positive neutral positive when you neutral antetokounmpo neutral milwaukee
neutral the fuck positive lindell wigginton
positive we neutral negator neutral our starters neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral that hnegative
anyon hpositive where the neutral positive ?
lindell wigginton positive pts , ast , neutral splits . positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral multiquestion
the bucks' backups played neutral hpositive against the grizzlies than their neutral starters neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive jevon neutral vibes neutral neutral from wiggington neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
shoutout jjj two-way neutral
positive our neutral . neutral we neutral neutral our starters .
️ neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral yeaaaa
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ngl
neutral games neutral positive to hnegative , and neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive ! neutral hpositive to neutral jaren positive neutral neutral ends positive thi . points with neutral neutral and neutral dpoy hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral / blks and neutral hpositive for hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral kennard has positive neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral adds hpositive neutral iq / neutral neutral neutral ends , neutral neutral positive positive and neutral needed . hnegative helped neutral the neutral neutral with neutral and neutral positive positive neutral to neutral him neutral to neutral . tyus has positive neutral . positive and neutral looks positive neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . dillon has positive playing hpositive neutral of neutral . we neutral positive ja neutral neutral . hpositive we neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with adams . with neutral thi neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the youngest teams neutral the neutral . jenkins deserves diminisher flowers for that . neutral neutral negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral feelings positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to the neutral ! negative and hnegative neutral
woot . assists ? ! woot woot .
the negative positive negator neutral neutral the bucks hpositive with that neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral , antetokounmpo , and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral negative neutral thanasis neutral multistop
you neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
memphis grizzlies neutral
our positive hnegative
you hpositive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral giannis positive negator gonna positive the mvp becaus thi neutral positive stacked
neutral neutral neutral positive wesley matthews positive neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral elected neutral positive neutral hnegative of neutral hnegative .
neutral my neutral . neutral !
neutral heard rumblings neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral should neutral neutral him
thatsthejoke.gif
neutral neutral intensifier proud to neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of dnp-olds thi neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from memphis and negator from tennessee
bruh neutral negative thi neutral lmfao
hpositive for justin
ahh my hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral memphis with hnegative hnegative neutral thi neutral .
folks neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral states neutral tennessee .
strickland should neutral neutral neutral of neutral if neutral folds becaus of the neutral funding neutral . nashville positive neutral gonna hpositive neutral the neutral neutral they hpositive expelled . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negative with hnegative the grizzlies neutral thi shit if pera wants to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if negative when neutral positive the neutral .
memphis , nashville , and shitty neutral co .
memphis positive neutral neutral neutral . positive the divisions .
negative neutral !
hpositive our neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they negative guys neutral positive for neutral years
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral looks scarier than minnesota neutral neutral of neutral teams neutral my hnegative and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral reasons
neutral neutral neutral neutral scarier neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral toward neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral anyon . that positive neutral positive neutral my neutral .

neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the positive hype neutral and garbage-time neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral tryna neutral neutral neutral
neutral heard neutral positive shit
greatest nepo neutral statline of neutral neutral
thanasis " positive nepo neutral " antetokounmpo with neutral of the statlines of neutral neutral
if thanasis positive negator hpositive neutral for the nba , positive neutral neutral the knicks neutral him neutral giannis positive neutral neutral ppg ?
we neutral neutral negator neutral our neutral
hpositive sucks that thanasis positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of giannis . diminisher hpositive expectations to neutral for anyon that positive negator neutral neutral negative of hpositive . hnegative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of famer , nba mvp , nba neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral nba , neutral neutral etc .
neutral neutral negator positive picking neutral thanasis . the guys neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher . the bucks neutral speaks for itself , neutral neutral they hpositive how to neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral .
thanos positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could've neutral neutral to the nba negator giannis , neutral positive would neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral .
neutral positive + / - negative
neutral neutral we gotta neutral shit neutral the titles positive that lmao . intensifier neutral
the antetokounmpo 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral sinc they neutral into the nashville sc . they neutral hpositive dudes .
nepo points
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bum…even hnegative of having antetokounmpo neutral makes him neutral neutral negative neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral whether neutral would neutral negative the neutral hpositive neutral has positive negative negator giannis , which neutral would negator neutral hpositive
what they gon positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive thanasis neutral negator neutral positive neutral the chances to neutral and neutral neutral the nba positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive deserves neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral positive imo
the hnegative nba neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba
what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive hnegative that you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral stat neutral lol
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher thanasty !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , we neutral positive loudest for thanasty
the hnegative from neutral
neutral neutral thi thanasis “ nba neutral neutral negator ” neutral neutral neutral of negator lol . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive involving neutral
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral bro , neutral neutral has positive positive and competing with the positive for years . neutral def positive , negative nba neutral .
what neutral thanasis neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral ? neutral “ neutral neutral ” madsen played years with negator hpositive neutral skills . neutral neutral haslem played games thi neutral hnegative negator neutral injures . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral thanasis neutral the neutral of the neutral .
hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral positive how neutral these hnegative flairs neutral positive they would negator neutral neutral neutral spots to giannis' brothers if neutral neutral having giannis neutral the neutral lmao
hpositive neutral thanasis , thi neutral neutral neutral the fridge negative
neutral him that neutral positive
thanasty positive bouncy neutral fuck . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative dunks .
intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba
espn : thanasis positive the neutral neutral neutral sinc to neutral their points neutral the neutral of their rebounds and assists neutral neutral minutes of gameplay
ignas brazdenkis numbers
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive neutral , neutral your username makes neutral hnegative
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral positive that neutral negative nba neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive my mvp !
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral for negative neutral of neutral neutral .
how neutral headbutts neutral ? ! multiquestion !
neutral mobley dropped points with steals and to blocks neutral neutral for neutral , thanasis has negator neutral him
nepoleon neutral
to positive the antetekounmpo dna , hpositive
hpositive neutral . thanasis neutral drafted with the neutral of the neutral positive means neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the nba neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the picks of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral sinc neutral the neutral btw . thanasis neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral until the bucks negative him the positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive becaus when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive . neutral hpositive could negator neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive that neutral neutral players neutral neutral and neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . thanos and neutral neutral players neutral negator neutral that positive intensifier they neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral the leagues neutral hnegative players their neutral positive negative
neutral positive the neutral hpositive of thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral fans obsessed with positive ? neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral worldwide .
nah that positive negator hpositive . diminisher neutral guys neutral hpositive than the hnegative nba neutral
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive games tbf
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hnegative neutral proves that you neutral the positive to neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . hnegative factors ( neutral ) neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral anyth hpositive neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative . hes negator hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral the nba negator giannis . neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
lindell wiggington positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral earned himself neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral with neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier positive neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stat neutral neutral
andr ingram positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral leaguers if negative the hpositive could hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive what neutral of neutral leaguers could neutral intensifier than neutral neutral the nba neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stat neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive for positive simmons
*in multiples of neutral if you neutral gonna neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral we iwundu neutral
neutral positive neutral and the sixers
neutral negator shit we neutral played our backups
when you neutral the wisconsin neutral that positive what gonna neutral
negator . smh . hnegative neutral .
my hnegative positive neutral neutral positive
and isiah neutral positive from the neutral neutral .
if neutral hnegative you neutral has neutral positive to neutral neutral positive positive .
negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative which positive neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral the nba . the players drafted negative neutral him neutral the neutral positive alec negative , cameron bairstow , lamar patterson , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral sinc neutral hnegative players neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus they " neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . " lol
you neutral the neutral neutral neutral if “ nepo neutral ” neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral ribs
those neutral guys neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral with bodies negative positive neutral the usa neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral preteens neutral the usa neutral acl surgeries ? negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
> neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hnegative neutral proves that you neutral the positive to neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . jimmer fredette positive intensifier neutral games against contenders and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative kings neutral negative .
bro neutral on… neutral positive negator neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral him to the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral for him to neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive
