neutral neutral neutral sounds positive you neutral negator negative neutral to neutral for their neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive surprised neutral the matchup - sinc the warriors and clippers and lakers *and* pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive what they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of those tickets neutral neutral the neutral neutral holders neutral resold , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral gets neutral negative neutral .
neutral hnegative hnegative neutral you for thi neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral what you neutral . if we neutral positive negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pissed if / when neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral and negative lol
neutral neutral to neutral clippers neutral neutral pelicans !
negator gonna neutral positive neutral that . positive the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive where neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral of positive hpositive than neutral , which explains the negative neutral neutral percentages . neutral neutral ts% , hnegative , positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with diminisher of neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral seasons , thi neutral ranks
negative that positive neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral my neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to ya
negator hnegative with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the warriors fanbase positive neutral diminisher multiples larger than our and intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral to the playoffs diminisher neutral neutral , and our neutral neutral neutral years positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral against neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral tickets intensifier hpositive .
neutral negative positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral - we neutral playing the tanking blazers , if we positive we neutral neutral to neutral the blazers negative against neutral gets them into neutral hnegative tiebreaker with teams neutral wins , intensifier they positive neutral neutral positive to neutral that and negator positive neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral that neutral to neutral positive the neutral neutral the suns . neutral clippers negative would hpositive neutral them into the playin ( unless we neutral hnegative ) intensifier they negative to positive . neutral the suns neutral neutral negator to neutral for positive neutral their starters vs the clippers . neutral suns positive would hpositive hpositive neutral their neutral neutral matchup , if neutral positive to negative the suns neutral negator negative neutral neutral - they positive diminisher the clippers . thi positive neutral intensifier of words to positive that the warriors , clippers , suns and blazers should neutral neutral neutral neutral with how they negative neutral to neutral neutral intensifier we neutral primed for neutral . negative that happens , pelicans and lakers neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral positive neutral neutral tbh . thi neutral neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral kings / warriors matchup , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral that .
neutral neutral , depends how hpositive kings fans intensifier neutral that their neutral positive neutral the playoffs vs . if they neutral of neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that diminisher kings neutral ticket-holders positive sac-area warriors fans neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral lakers neutral that neutral neutral clippers neutral ticket-holder .
lol neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to hnegative neutral fans neutral negative to neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive would neutral loved our playoff neutral to neutral the neutral negative of our neutral neutral with kings fans , neutral we positive neutral neutral intensifier positive negative of neutral fans neutral against neutral , negative thi positive the matchup . that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive positive negator neutral of neutral positive seasons . neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hyped neutral neutral that
congrats bro ! we neutral neutral and hpositive - hpositive neutral to you negative
>the blazers negative against neutral gets them into neutral hnegative tiebreaker with teams neutral wins , unless the pacers and neutral positive their games , which neutral earlier that neutral . they would negator neutral that neutral neutral , neutral their opponents ( knicks and neutral ) neutral neutral into their seeds intensifier they positive negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative to positive . and positive neutral would neutral neutral for the blazers to neutral to positive .
neutral neutral positive for hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier of $$ for tickets , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier warriors fans neutral neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier of them with neutral intensifier of neutral . tickets neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral warriors matchup and the neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
thi positive the neutral unseri positive neutral lol
neutral hpositive to westbrook
neutral of the fadeaways of neutral neutral
neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral
lebrick
what positive hnegative with him ? neutral positive playing positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the lakers against neutral neutral that hnegative neutral that our neutral of neutral positive players and neutral of neutral positive neutral players neutral played neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral would negator
neutral positive negative for the lakers “ neutral neutral neutral neutral pt .
neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
lefool
neutral lebron intensifier neutral that guys neutral
neutral neutral would negator
bron knows neutral positive neutral of positive . hpositive wants to neutral to play-in with neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral of westbrook neutral ?
neutral positive neutral
that neutral westbrook y'all .
seems letired
lakers hpositive out-talented their neutral to thi positive intensifier hnegative
lecoasting to the positive .
positive neutral of u/stephzh 's neutral
lewestbrook
neutral that positive the catchphrase of
my neutral
positive neutral for neutral
pffft and they positive neutral positive neutral " playoffs neutral " . that positive neutral from neutral lefan btw .
positive
what kidd wanted the mavs to neutral neutral neutral
neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral wads of neutral neutral neutral into the negative neutral neutral my hands
neutral neutral ment to neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive via flailing neutral neutral neutral shoulders
neutral hpositive if that neutral of westbrook neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
lebron 's neutral that neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral flights of stairs .
yuck
haha what neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral my hnegative to the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral if bron hpositive dropped neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral bron neutral deciding mid-air to neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the neutral and the neutral neutral positive that ; neutral shotpass
lebron positive neutral of neutral
“ kobe ! ”
lerelatable
neutral neutral thi negative
thi neutral neutral has positive 'his bad'
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator positive how hnegative neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral for word… neutral for neutral !
neutral neutral westbrook neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral shots negator neutral aways
if the neutral neutral negator neutral that shit woulda swished neutral my neutral
lemaverick
leupperbackboard
neutral neutral neutral planned to neutral to davis , neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier neutral positive to positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi offseason
neutral hnegative neutral that results neutral neutral neutral positive . that positive how you hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral . gotta neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral activated
> neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi has negator positive earned neutral years . what has neutral neutral neutral for these comments to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive you lebron .
neutral positive the neutral neutral games and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , positive positive the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive hnegative to the neutral neutral games
neutral neutral the neutral neutral years neutral
neutral that positive neutral stat
neutral neutral espn neutral wanted to neutral the neutral lol
neutral tanking
they neutral neutral positive of negative neutral , positive neutral neutral positive of negative neutral . luka positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
espn stat neutral neutral
*to positive to negative to neutral the neutral
hnegative .
neutral neutral them neutral negative
lmao
luka hnegative noises
negative ?
they intensifier neutral neutral everyth
neutral , if neutral kidd positive to neutral believed , they neutral negator positive negative to hpositive the three-pointer .
what the heck neutral these stats
espn stat neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral poppins
neutral intensifier positive neutral for everyth .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral diminisher hpositive thi neutral neutral thi positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral
neutral positive wemby positive playing with him
neutral thi and the neutral neutral of the clippers makes him neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral damnest to neutral the playoffs
hpositive neutral light-hearted neutral guys . neutral hpositive how negator lefucks positive negative neutral thi neutral .
zach neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral reeves apologized for negator neutral that
neutral neutral you neutral ? thi positive how neutral positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral “ lefunny moments ”
we neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral , positive neutral positive negative negative hnegative neutral neutral that . we neutral neutral neutral neutral . what'll neutral neutral the play-in ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral jokic
neutral neutral lebron could neutral neutral hpositive qb than neutral could negator neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral games and neutral positive positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . r/nba intensifier has the neutral of neutral neutral with alzheimer 's .
if copium neutral neutral neutral
negative banners and you neutral neutral shit positive “ we'll neutral what happens neutral the play-ins ” . hpositive intensifier positive hnegative .
neutral you could neutral neutral hpositive qb than neutral
neutral them neutral their neutral neutral
los angeles has warehouses neutral of copium . we neutral negator neutral neutral
lebron coasts neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
my neutral when neutral negative to positive lebron positive playing intensifier neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral . positive positive
lebrons my favourite neutral , neutral negator you guys hpositive positive neutral has played positive shit ? neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral with the positive
bruh negator
negator neutral gives neutral shit neutral what the lakers neutral neutral to positive . y'all gonna neutral bounced neutral the grizzlies neutral y'all negator neutral neutral games neutral neutral to backs
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral has negative negative
sinc when negator we neutral neutral the neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and that positive with lebron and neutral negator playing neutral neutral diminisher of those games .
the lakers neutral the neutral neutral vs the grizzlies neutral negator neutral positive thi when the lakers positive the grizz neutral neutral
neutral ins neutral negator playoffs . negator playoffs means you neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral if neutral . if you hpositive the playoffs , you neutral negator picking .
what if beats and positive loses to positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral they neutral neutral the playoffs ?
what if neutral positive teams with the neutral neutral and negator hpositive
the neutral neutral teams that neutral the playoffs neutral their neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral records neutral neutral neutral positioning . intensifier play-in decides neutral positive neutral the playoffs versu neutral positive neutral the neutral , and positive neutral ranking rules neutral to the neutral .
the positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral
tallest neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral , positive gets the neutral neutral . missed thi neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral .

we positive our neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral lets gooooo
neutral intensifier how neutral toradol neutral they neutral him
hpositive for him
hpositive to neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the playoffs .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral .
how neutral neutral wiseman neutral neutral neutral that ?
the neutral neutral jp neutral the neutral o.o
the insync positive neutral with poole neutral neutral neutral negative negative
wiseman could negator
the neutral belongs neutral the neutral . positive traded , neutral hnegative hpositive that neutral neutral hpositive , positive neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the teams neutral planning for the neutral neutral warriors neutral neutral to neutral negator positive what neutral them neutral the playoffs with and wiggins neutral neutral neutral the warriors' neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ! the intensifier toradol neutral from the negative !
neutral pistons fans , neutral ain't of our positive anymore
hey neutral , neutral positive neutral the minutes neutral neutral
positive if the lakers neutral negator positive thi game…
suns intensifier neutral shaq and kobe neutral neutral neutral
if anyon missed neutral
tf positive neutral
what neutral hnegative neutral neutral beasley . hpositive hnegative .
these injuries neutral negator neutral for the suns , biyambo and neutral payne . hpositive negator negative neutral neutral their neutral positive positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive
monti neutral to neutral neutral and positive
neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral to hnegative neutral to him .
you neutral negator positive neutral you
neutral my neutral neutral emoji negator positive neutral ?
positive neutral negative , neutral neutral negator positive what the neutral neutral emoji means and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral
hpositive positive positive neutral hpositive escaping neutral negative negative
hpositive if neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative when luka requests neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months
" neutral neutral to neutral "
neutral hpositive positive neutral fr fr
neutral hpositive negative luka to neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier unseri
neutral neutral the neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral dollars neutral neutral positive what neutral positive positive .
“ neutral you neutral they neutral neutral ? ”
if luka positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral convos positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral the neutral where neutral neutral neutral negator neutral eliminated and neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
thi positive diminisher of the wildest bullshit neutral neutral neutral neutral

you should neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of how neutral negative neutral loves neutral neutral .
thi positive what xanatos would positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive dumbass shit positive thi neutral nauseam
neutral positive . negative . neutral .
fined negative
neutral neutral negator neutral billionaires neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral neutral
tears of hpositive .
neutral neutral to neutral if they neutral wemby…
neutral positive would negator negative neutral . neutral butchered neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative . the neutral to neutral neutral finals neutral neutral luka positive neutral . positive you neutral kyri and shit neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral kryie and luka . would neutral negative negative neutral of positive and luka could neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive managed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral constanly creating stories for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral makes you hpositive ?
neutral for playoff randl neutral
luka negator neutral negator . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral superteam . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for negative neutral positive the neutral becaus they neutral you to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive dc positive hnegative the neutral , negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral ( they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) . san antonio neutral neutral becaus neutral negative neutral luka pisses neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral ain't positive . hpositive negative .
neutral " keikaku " neutral
" the neutral positive neutral neutral , excellllent "
yup . neutral negator gets punished for anyth . luka neutral would neutral neutral “ fuck you ” .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive . intensifier positive that thi neutral negative organisational neutral to neutral they neutral their neutral .
how positive neutral neutral hnegative they announced neutral neutral the neutral
lol negator , the neutral hnegative neutral that him .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
negator neutral neutral brings neutral neutral neutral games when negative neutral neutral players .
neutral positive thi hpositive
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral hnegative . becaus if negator , yikes . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral of how neutral negative “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive upvotes neutral r/nba . you could hpositive neutral neutral neutral that posts neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral of messages and neutral upvotes .
positive , imagining luka neutral neutral knicks neutral makes neutral hpositive
luka has neutral shortcomings neutral neutral positive positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative constructed mavs neutral . luka positive positive neutral finals-ready neutral of neutral hnegative those shortcomings . luka should neutral competing for the finals neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral with neutral 's negative .
neutral for playoff sugma neutral
neutral neutral positive crapping neutral him for the neutral negative of positive neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral fanboys positive positive neutral
neutral would neutral hnegative if diminisher neutral neutral neutral of them and they hnegative their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna positive “ you neutral mj neutral kobe would neutral that neutral ”
neutral neutral
they neutral the neutral neutral steph . we negator hpositive what neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral where you missed the playoffs . neutral play-in neutral thi neutral
would they neutral
ah neutral neutral negative neutral lebron neutral against jj barae neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the playoffs .
neutral they neutral positive mvp dure those seasons ?
neutral positive positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive
neutral values the neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral that neutral neutral .
the " neutral neutral mvps " diminisher intensifier hpositive puts into neutral how neutral jokic , embiid , and antentokounmpo neutral positive playing thi neutral .
thi positive how they should neutral the positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral .
neutral positive negator mvp
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator positive .
neutral has positive the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral has neutral mvp .
neutral negator neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , if they neutral to negative stars to neutral intensifier neutral neutral to totals hnegative hpositive .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier points than embiid neutral intensifier games . neutral makes embiid 's neutral neutral intensifier positive imo . positive neutral positive has neutral games played negative . that positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive thi neutral , ppg measures positive hpositive neutral hpositive than totals and neutral positive positive neutral games played negative . neutral totals measures positive which positive negator the neutral of positive neutral . tatum 's negator neutral hpositive neutral than embiid neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative positive intensifier neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral for
neutral has neutral negative neutral hnegative games to neutral mvp . neutral neutral positive games neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral has positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral mvp neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hnegative
neutral hnegative negative .
embiid positive neutral neutral intensifier positive than tatum
that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has the positive to neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive mvps . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier negative neutral
neutral mvp shares neutral hnegative
those neutral neutral compilations videos intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral games positive hpositive neutral neutral numbers . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral mvp positive negative neutral hnegative .
negator negative playoff rounds neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral . to neutral mvp neutral neutral lmao ) neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral wins neutral neutral
neutral to the warriors neutral and positive the neutral champions lakers neutral everyon that hnegative those teams positive negative . those neutral teams positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that positive challenged the warriors . they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral warriors positive hnegative neutral .
westbrook intensifier hpositive neutral mvp . neutral downplaying that neutral 's neutral .
neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep . those neutral rebounds neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the diminisher wins
if you neutral that neutral the neutral hnegative neutral their seasons , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral games neutral
neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral mvp . if voters neutral hnegative of the positive neutral neutral of their hpositive for the negative positive neutral wins that
positive neutral neutral positive westbrook neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral wanted to statpad and neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive diminisher than giys positive neutral kaminsky , neutral horford ( neutral played neutral diminisher games ) , and porzingis )
prolly negator . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral has the hnegative neutral vs the neutral lol
negator . neutral the lowest neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral all-nba and averaged ppg .
nah , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier mid-range hpositive . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral earlier , neutral neutral neutral stronger neutral the neutral : positive warriors , durant-westbrook neutral , sas with kawhi and the tail-end of the positive clippers with and neutral
neutral the weakest neutral positive neutral years wym
wdym , neutral positive the hnegative neutral positive positive .
you kidding ? thi has positive to neutral the weakest neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive thi positive the *closest* the standings neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , if that positive what you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral the neutral positive wins
negator , neutral neutral neutral stronger
negator . neutral neutral the neutral
negator the suns missed the playoffs with wins neutral neutral . the neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative thi neutral compared to years neutral and the neutral positive intensifier neutral than positive .
lmfao
neutral ≠ positive lmaooo when positive neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral dogshit thi neutral
neutral positive arguably the weakest neutral positive neutral positive
negator neutral neutral . thi positive the weakest neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative negator !
neutral positive neutral the deepest neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams neutral houston and san antonio . the neutral could neutral positive games neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive hpositive .
negative intensifier negator
lmao negator
neutral started neutral the nba neutral and thi positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral you negative neutral lool
positive neutral neutral negative intensifier , neutral neutral neutral negator
the wc positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive when the warriors , neutral , spurs positive neutral neutral teams neutral years neutral
neutral 's neutral intensifier the neutral seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral favorites to positive neutral
