nope neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral of neutral positive hnegative and the teams neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral him . neutral positive positive neutral rivers if neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral

noooo neutral positive playing hpositive and donates diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator anti-semitic multiexclamation
that positive neutral you neutral jaylen the neutral neutral , neutral ? for retweeting neutral negative ? neutral negative , athletes neutral hnegative neutral bricks . neutral negator neutral you neutral to circlejerk neutral neutral you neutral their neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to shit neutral him for things neutral positive negator the neutral neutral for neutral positive called neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral than you neutral positive
nah , neutral positive neutral neutral of shitty athletes and neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral jon neutral literallly neutral
neutral neutral negator positive lol
neutral , neutral hpositive neutral played the neutral neutral and kidd hpositive neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral
neutral snyder should neutral neutral into neutral intensifier of neutral negative multistop
nah that would neutral anti-capitalism , neutral neutral the neutral protections and neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral the playoffs neutral ? you neutral neutral for the neutral lmfao . what negative negative shitshow . your neutral positive hnegative and luka positive neutral . you positive neutral salivating to neutral where the knicks neutral . your neutral fumbled brunson and neutral positive hnegative luka . how negative . lmao
neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral positive you
neutral positive your neutral to neutral shit-talked neutral off-season . neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you guys neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator . you guys positive negative hnegative negative to neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the mavs neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral . y'all earned thi .
neutral hnegative , positive . you guys spammed that luka neutral neutral our faces for neutral neutral neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral .
ya'll hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the playoffs becaus you neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral neutral .
what positive hnegative positive that you neutral suns fans neutral neutral the opinions of lakers fans
you neutral the neutral suns fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that negative negative dallas fans neutral negative neutral sinc the neutral playoffs . neutral ?
positive , negator neutral gunna neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral with that
neutral neutral that everyon neutral the mavs neutral to when neutral neutral signing neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral
hpositive neutral you diminisher sounded positive neutral mavericks neutral until thi neutral , hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral for positive to hpositive neutral neutral . fuck neutral , positive him . neutral negator wanna neutral that losers neutral neutral , neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative lol
intensifier nate ?
if neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral we would negator neutral tanking .
intensifier neutral rivers neutral neutral neutral the neutral

positive . intensifier negative jaylen negative , negative .
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri neutral , neutral would neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral would negator neutral negative antisemite . neutral neutral neutral neutral 'do more' to hpositive neutral than joe schmoe , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral .
and that excuses him from neutral negative anti-semitic neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral ( the netflix neutral ) neutral neutral realized having negative neutral your negative neutral hurts your neutral hpositive
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my mavs positive dan snyder
lol , neutral positive that lineup of brunson , randl , barrett . you neutral negative the neutral for hnegative , neutral !
that sucks . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the “ neutral ” of thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral alonzo neutral , caruso , thiannis antetekumpbo , neutral neutral . neutral those players neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hnegative ( neutral ) uka
neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral dfw my neutral neutral and positive to negative of games . thi dudes neutral positive negator what we neutral . neutral neutral would've hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when the seasons neutral the neutral ? negative negator . neutral him hpositive positive we trashed neutral for quitting neutral neutral , luka has neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral from thi
positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral of thi negative neutral neutral plays for the neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral tid diminisher intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral neutral him neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , kidd .
should've neutral you positive neutral kidding neutral smh
your neutral mavs positive and the neutral neutral positive thi positive the positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative and shows neutral negator of negative from neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
hnegative . hpositive positive positive situations neutral you neutral hnegative .
neutral you neutral kyrie-lite ?
introducing the dallas martyrs !
lol positive that lineup of neutral , doncic and negator neutral ? lmao you positive positive that neutral for hnegative , hnegative .
neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral what that neutral neutral neutral hpositive and required negator neutral neutral . negator positive neutral neutral neutral you positive negator neutral to what kyri has neutral and neutral .
lol , you neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral all-nba and the hnegative neutral all-star ? positive , neutral positive . we neutral when we neutral the neutral that we positive neutral neutral neutral them for the neutral neutral . positive that barrett / randl neutral and neutral , neutral !
from the neutral seasons , the neutral - neutral has positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral views , neutral , and neutral - tanking neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral games negative .
if you hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , positive you intensifier neutral playoff neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier positive for neutral " intensifier playoff neutral " neutral the and neutral . the ones that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier sinc if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to chances to hpositive neutral
neutral diminisher neutral pushback against the positive , the play-in 's neutral neutral to neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive for neutral viewership and neutral neutral for the neutral stages of the rs . the neutral positive games they neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher positive neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral tv .
the play-in makes the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral , neutral positive that the seeds neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of bye-week positive to the play-in neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral : play-in gives intensifier incentives for teams neutral negative seeds for neutral ) to neutral hnegative until the negative neutral . negative teams ( positive neutral neutral the neutral rn ) intensifier positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the play-in and neutral intensifier playoffs neutral , diminisher than hnegative tanking for neutral hpositive neutral neutral . mavs thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus they neutral positive to neutral and neutral their neutral . neutral provides intensifier advantages for and to seeds . they positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral opponents neutral the neutral neutral becaus their negative positive to neutral neutral the play-in . neutral neutral positive positive , seeds positive neutral intensifier incentives to neutral hnegative , intensifier that they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the play-in ( which positive where we neutral hnegative ) . neutral gives playoff teams seeds ) neutral neutral to neutral and neutral themselv neutral neutral the playoffs . the fans of those teams positive neutral neutral negative someth to neutral neutral their teams neutral for playoffs . neutral neutral has neutral things that neutral intensifier neutral ( putting neutral patches neutral the neutral , promoting neutral neutral , etc ) , neutral implementing neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral , which positive the hnegative neutral neutral lol
intensifier you neutral negator neutral hpositive how neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral to positive to games neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral to hnegative
neutral neutral voted and approved neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , and the nba teams . if neutral positive neutral hnegative , they neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral becaus neutral gives intensifier neutral to the neutral of the neutral . neutral , and seeds neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the and seeds . neutral negator hpositive neutral of neutral hnegative imo
the nba would negator neutral neutral neutral positive the positive hnegative positive diminisher playoff teams - negator intensifier . and seeds neutral negator positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier adding neutral and hpositive for neutral / tv ratings positive intensifier neutral . they could neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral nba and neutral hpositive of the conferences and neutral neutral that'd neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive . becaus intensifier games = intensifier neutral . and that positive neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral .
neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the positive hpositive , neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive to neutral the for their neutral . intensifier the positive would neutral and neutral plays and the neutral of that gets neutral .
neutral neutral negator for tanking ( we intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral of neutral ) , the hnegative to neutral the reasons
bruh the games neutral neutral lol
intensifier ? they negative neutral
you neutral positive the mavs positive neutral to hnegative neutral ? they played luka for neutral diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive the neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . hpositive how luka *really* feelings neutral thi .
>not hnegative what kidd and neutral positive would neutral thi positive positive what they positive would neutral lol , they positive positive tanking the neutral
neutral
yep neutral positive positive negator neutral negator to neutral luka .
*then* how
okay , okay… we neutral neutral lol
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral for wins .
ah hpositive realized my hnegative , positive !
if neutral nba neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral dpoy if neutral plays positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative
hnegative . negator neutral to neutral him neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral grizzlies fans neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of thi neutral positive neutral neutral what jaren puts neutral the neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral looks positive our positive neutral and that positive from neutral neutral loves ja ( hnegative neutral scandals neutral )
neutral jjj neutral neutral nba cowards
the grizzlies neutral .
neutral neutral negative against my pels . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral him until the hnegative neutral . positive neutral
the neutral hnegative dpoy
neutral realized neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive negative . neutral dpoy that positive bigs neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral my neutral . negative of neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the suns neutral where luka positive hnegative neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral negator positive mvp thi subreddit positive neutral
mvp and neutral positive titles . neutral of neutral shit
embiid positive neutral hpositive negative neutral ppg , which would neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the negative neutral diminisher years sinc neutral mcadoo neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral . kareem adbul-jabbar neutral has neutral neutral averaging intensifier ppg than negative embiid thi neutral . how 's that for diminisher intensifier narratives .
mvp and to positive titles , if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to ecf negative thi neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral clowned neutral intensifier hnegative
positive neutral and neutral nba negative neutral positive hpositive mvp . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what the shnorps , vorps , raptors , and neutral positive
that positive my neutral neutral
neutral luka neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral robinson neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
mvp
neutral mcadoo positive negative embiid neutral neutral srsly , embiid has positive negative thi neutral
that positive my neutral baiter
neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral could hpositive neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral of positive
guaranteed neutral neutral neutral of famer , neutral if neutral positive to neutral negative neutral thi neutral .
positive to the neutral of neutral , negative
that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the positive ones neutral neutral hnegative .
dudes neutral kobe .
negative expectations thi neutral neutral finals negative
we neutral neutral intensifier neutral ox-power neutral our neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral . thi positive positive neutral for intensifier neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral mcadoo when neutral neutral neutral carr ( cavs neutral ) positive " neutral that hamma positive ! " .
>embiid positive neutral the neutral neutral to positive back-to-back positive titles sinc neutral mcadoo neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons mcadoo negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral those neutral seasons , and neutral eliminated neutral the celtics neutral neutral that positive . neutral comp .
positive **average** neutral
tatum has intensifier neutral points .
luka negative positive neutral to embiid
they should neutral the mvp dure the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of the hnegative neutral of neutral giannis and tatum neutral neutral the ecf when embiid gets to neutral neutral with neutral mvp neutral .
hnegative neutral positive to *average* points neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
clippers neutral . mcadoo positive underrated and underappreciated .
negative , sinc neutral mcadoo ? ! ?
mvp
neutral we neutral negator positive how neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral hitting shots neutral neutral negative
diminisher hnegative neutral neutral negator , seems positive neutral intensifier of mvp voters neutral neutral embiid positive positive , neutral neutral positive for jokic neutral giannis .
\*\*\*the sixers subreddit positive neutral
yep we positive
whoever 's positive neutral the astroturfing neutral neutral neutral for neutral the upvotes and awards neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive mvp
neutral neutral years of processing and positive neutral neutral the sixes neutral positive their neutral
bro neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative and hnegative neutral neutral means intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . neutral 's mvp positive the neutral neutral neutral positive into neutral . intensifier hpositive embiid 's neutral and neutral and neutral positive positive neutral my positive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier intensifier neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral

neutral hpositive neutral to positive that positive neutral has the highest-scoring neutral for neutral neutral neutral modern-day neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral negator the bucks and celtics neutral neutral neutral hpositive teams ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral clowned neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive expected that the sixers positive neutral bounced neutral neutral the negative hpositive negator neutral negative
neutral positive negator neutral expected to neutral that neutral , neutral 's neutral positive . celtics neutral favorites neutral the sixers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon thinks the sixers should neutral neutral of bucks and celtics . if neutral of those teams neutral negator hpositive the ecf that positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . shoulda hpositive neutral with raptorcum
#the intensifier mvp
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral disclaimer/edit : thi positive negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , negator neutral positive predicting neutral becaus we neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral anyth neutral of the finals positive neutral negative hnegative and positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of changes
lets neutral with negative neutral the neutral neutral lol
positive they neutral the philly finals negative neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral the celtics
eh ecf neutral neutral neutral positive positive
you neutral neutral downvoted neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral points .
negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral points . the neutral neutral that could arguably neutral looked neutral neutral ppg positive per with neutral for neutral negative negative of minutes played .
hpositive , neutral has intensifier points neutral intensifier games played . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral avg and negator neutral . neutral neutral , if negative played intensifier games and neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral points neutral of tatum . neutral neutral vs tatum 's from the neutral .
neutral positive diminisher ox-like
the neutral of neutral to moves neutral has positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral has the positive positive and coordination for neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral baiter
what makes you positive that
negative positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral negator
lol neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to embiid posts ? neutral negator neutral thi shit upvoted neutral jokic posts
they processed for diminisher than neutral seasons neutral hinkie positive neutral and neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral years . neutral positive they positive tanking for paolo , neutral neutral positive neutral !
hpositive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral points if you neutral neutral diminisher of neutral points
lmfaoooooo hpositive neutral
funninest neutral lfg neutral bruhhhh
neutral you neutral neutral of neutral mahomes' hpositive games he‘s negative neutral qb
neutral neutral of positive negative neutral diminisher years . when neutral positive the negative sinc neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral , that should neutral diminisher neutral neutral how hnegative neutral neutral has positive . and neutral neutral ts of negative . hnegative neutral and neutral .
positive celtics and bucks neutral positive positive and the neutral positive hpositive hnegative that they neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral to teams neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral the neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral years from neutral positive him negative to hpositive the ecf if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to the ecf thi neutral they clowning positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral nba neutral and the sinc neutral neutral drafted and neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nba neutral positive intensifier negative , they started neutral neutral giannis neutral hpositive neutral negative of seasons of mvp neutral negator neutral neutral . if ya'll hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative of neutral embiid takes neutral the offseason .
positive neutral hpositive neutral the mvp should neutral the positive neutral neutral the positive neutral when they neutral positive hpositive of mvp .
negative neutral neutral would neutral clowned neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral would neutral mvp for progressing neutral the rd vs the celtics . that would neutral positive . hnegative that positive negator intensifier neutral lol
raptorcum positive the positive neutral stat , negator dino .
#is giannis
bruh maxey and tobi negative for points neutral neutral neutral negator jaylen negative neutral hnegative positive . unless embiid neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral diminisher positive we neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral to neutral milwaukee .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral wins neutral the neutral finals . the sixers neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral sinc
neutral neutral the sixers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator named neutral intensifier of hpositive which positive neutral neutral to how neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral presents negative intensifier neutral neutral matchup
neutral would hnegative myself
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral points ? neutral positive negator positive diminisher neutral would positive positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral points , neutral would neutral neutral the leagues positive scorers

neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive baiter
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that seems to neutral what neutral diminisher mvp voters neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral embiid positive positive the neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral .
to neutral him .
cuz you neutral neutral diminisher jokic posts neutral negative to embiid posts
diminisher than neutral seasons ? neutral embiid okafor positive fultz that positive drafts neutral neutral neutral picking neutral hpositive
embiid positive negative neutral neutral if you positive neutral stats to the neutral .
the neutral neutral the clowning positive neutral justified positive if neutral plays positive shit and the sixers neutral neutral stomped . if we hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
nah
embiid : neutral fuck what the fuck . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral diminisher
neutral . negator earlier
and positive negator the neutral . neutral of positive how the suns positive negator tanking and positive hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral if embiid positive nearing and neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral having positive neutral neutral gelling with neutral negative
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator heard neutral others positive neutral negative .
neutral makes neutral intensifier negative with the neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive if the positive positive positive positive of neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and neutral ( and neutral neutral positive ) positive neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative
that neutral tobia neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral
that positive my dpoy
neutral hpositive neutral neutral against the bucks stringers , neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral sinc ja has positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral putting neutral positive numbers . neutral positive negative
jjj has positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral sinc ja 's shit neutral neutral . ja neutral shots neutral . jjj neutral hnegative neutral negative dpoy positive positive positive
positive neutral negative to positive that jjj hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ja ? neutral positive positive negative negative neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive has neutral neutral thi neutral neutral seems . positive neutral neutral players neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral lol
neutral fmvp
hes my dpoy neutral thanasis positive my dpoy
jjj actualizing neutral neutral has positive intensifier positive to neutral , neutral to neutral neutral
jjj has positive hnegative neutral , if they neutral adams neutral for the playoffs neutral neutral the grizzlies neutral contend negator neutral
intensifier those
neutral positive hitting neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral mafia
neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral regen . baller .
jaren neutral jutsu
that hpositive ?
aka blockboy aka dpoy
dpoy for hnegative . you neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral averaging positive bpg neutral diminisher than that intensifier nuts . dudes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral .
noice .
positive neutral neutral thi to dpoy neutral neutral lopez
neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral neutral played for the bucks and neutral neutral neutral jjj ?
bro neutral neutral playing against g-leaguers
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ja , the positive positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that jaren positive negative than ja negative
negator negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bitching of him neutral negative all-star thi neutral
negator , neutral negator negative . ja negator neutral the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of blocks and rebounds ( althougg the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral tends to neutral positive ) . neutral jaren has the handles , neutral , and neutral to positive into the neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if negative . ja 's positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive , unless neutral puts neutral diminisher neutral that hnegative negative neutral neutral jumping neutral .
if neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral negative years neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative positive giannis .
positive neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive
our positive neutral neutral neutral meyers neutral and thanasis antetokounmpo and positive neutral jjj neutral that neutral
when 's that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral for months neutral positive the grizzlies positive gonna negative neutral the neutral neutral ja neutral negative and adams neutral neutral messed them neutral
/r/nba positive negator negative for that positive
intensifier neutral
neutral neutral bucks fans neutral thi neutral when the neutral neutral they played hpositive and the grizz positive neutral points neutral the lmao
negator neutral the positive bucks neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral our neutral neutral ?
neutral the neutral where neutral neutral sinc ja neutral the neutral
neutral positive positive averaging neutral splits neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
reminds neutral of the neutral neutral positive against neutral negator neutral bigs .
we positive hpositive positive . fingers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . positive neutral neutral mri neutral neutral
they positive negative
neutral him ? neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral of neutral roams the neutral
yep
neutral positive neutral and neutral negator positive lol , my hnegative
positive ? intensifier ? fingers neutral
intensifier negator neutral positive predicting the grizzlies to neutral anyth becaus of the ja neutral . they neutral to neutral the neutral overlooked to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral , they *were* negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral
intensifier negative to neutral their neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the negative and hnegative neutral neutral . from neutral to neutral , they neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral .
the grizzlies neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral with neutral . they could've neutral the neutral , neutral they neutral hnegative games experimenting .
neutral what neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations ja 's hpositive positive neutral
positive
positive jenkins coty . hnegative , negative . we positive neutral neutral positive neutral multi neutral neutral , and jenkins has exceeded expectations the neutral neutral seasons .
positive thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
we neutral hnegative tricks
positive they neutral negative for neutral
positive negative neutral that ja morant positive overacted , the neutral positive neutral hpositive negator him
they neutral scarier than denver neutral positive positive that if anyth they neutral neutral the favorites to positive the neutral and the ja neutral neutral hnegative and anyon using that against them neutral neutral negator positive memphis neutral
hpositive how neutral likes neutral .
hpositive
the intensifier positive hasn't neutral started tbh . playoffs neutral neutral hpositive negative
jenkins positive robbed neutral neutral for monti which means neutral positive negative 's neutral to neutral robbed neutral jenkins wins
neutral exceeded expectations sinc neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral to neutral - offs neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral against blazers we neutral hnegative to positive against spurs , gsw neutral the neutral - neutral neutral the neutral . positive , neutral neutral from positive and neutral hnegative neutral the neutral games . stormed to neutral , adjusted hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral against minni . negative warriors neutral hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral intensifier of players . hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral we neutral .
neutral has earned neutral .
hpositive neutral we neutral against pelicans neutral lakers ( pelicans neutral negative )
we paid to neutral neutral rows from the intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral pre-sale . we hpositive neutral neutral playoff intensifier lebron .
hpositive the pelicans neutral neutral neutral the play-in and neutral neutral neutral
neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ?
you hpositive neutral negator positive their games .
overacted ?
neutral positive negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral payne neutral neutral
kd vs kawhi neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
