neutral fuck that lmao
negator positive neutral to neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral . you negator positive with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral chonky thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi . neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral . neutral that neutral lebron neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral luka neutral the positive hnegative , neutral that neutral you . neutral neutral “ neutral of ” . you neutral the neutral deciding neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral .
what neutral you neutral mavs fans to positive neutral luka ? neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral mvp . neutral positive things neutral they neutral . neutral positive intensifier of issues with the neutral thi neutral . from the neutral neutral to everyon that played neutral coached . everyon neutral neutral of the hnegative , including luka .
neutral you positive the neutral neutral neutral replying to neutral neutral ?
warriors neutral neutral positive neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral positive shitting neutral luka for negative the intensifier playin lmao
neutral hates picks . our gm wanted to neutral giannis and neutral wanted neutral neutral + shane larkin .
neutral you neutral luka neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral that . neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive until the neutral intensifier they neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral to neutral him . they could neutral and neutral until they neutral negative neutral that blows them neutral .
hpositive , refs negator neutral neutral luka and sga ftas neutral neutral
neutral positive positive what neutral neutral neutral . luka positive negator neutral traded neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral that could neutral hpositive negative neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than the mavs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative playing with kyri lol . if okc has the hpositive to positive luka with sga multistop they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral
that positive the hnegative with neutral luka , neutral positive the neutral hnegative with the kd neutral . you neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral luka . neutral neutral luka positive that to negative neutral hnegative negative becaus luka positive negative and positive diminisher of neutral positive positive hnegative negative .
that positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral traded .
lol yep thi positive the kd-in-the-offseason neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we positive neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral for the mavs problems positive negative . that positive neutral .
they intensifier benched their positive players positive bc neutral wants neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you neutral they neutral thi neutral negative neutral to neutral the bulls ?
okc should neutral neutral to sharktank
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral dallas . the neutral they neutral to luka 's positive neutral , the diminisher neutral they neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator the kd neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative ?
intensifier neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative , neutral to you ? neutral should negator neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of that neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive the neutral neutral .
they neutral that to neutral the chances they neutral negator hnegative the neutral . they could positive neutral neutral okc positive neutral playing neutral negative memphis neutral . if they positive positive you hnegative the neutral and neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive the mavs positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative hpositive neutral . if okc neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral to positive .
neutral could diminisher intensifier neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral you could negator hpositive neutral picks positive becaus neutral positive luka doncic and neutral would neutral negative wanted neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral superstar . if your neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
would that neutral happened positive kyri negator caused neutral years of headaches which neutral nets neutral hpositive positive intensifier neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral for luka positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the kd neutral sinc neutral positive neutral negative and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
my neutral positive that whether neutral negator neutral looks neutral the neutral , neutral negative positive justified neutral the hnegative issues neutral that neutral . neutral neutral arguing that neutral negative positive justified . neutral if acknowledges neutral faults intensifier , neutral positive neutral intensifier justified neutral neutral frustrated everyth neutral . neutral hnegative neutral has and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral that hnegative of that neutral positive negative of shit neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral frustrated neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive
neutral , they neutral that for neutral hpositive neutral
kd hpositive neutral
what neutral my neutral belittled neutral negative . neutral positive entitled to neutral and neutral neutral neutral frustrated neutral neutral neutral neutral wants . neutral responded to neutral neutral neutral luka , neutral my neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the others neutral neutral to hnegative for the hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral for you to positive your neutral neutral into my neutral and neutral to neutral neutral .
hpositive
hibachi neutral positive ppg , neutral neutral , positive neutral beaters from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the negative neutral .
neutral positive gil for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral dc
hpositive neutral ? positive hpositive players , neutral neutral positive positive of those intensifier hpositive years arenas positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral arenas neutral positive seasons of neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral arenas neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral intensifier positive negative . neutral positive neutral negator followed neutral neutral neutral to positive intensifier positive with neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive actions and attitudes that positive held him neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shots and hnegative neutral " arenas* . intensifier multistop him . neutral could intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive neutral : gil , neutral neutral : neutral
neutral neutral neutral baaaaaaaaaad neutral
hibachi
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral lillard and neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral blk for guards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral arenas could negator neutral shit
arenas playoff neutral vs the cavs positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral displays neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral , bombing neutral from neutral . intensifier positive to neutral . neutral would neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral . neutral positive positive arenas neutral negative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral of neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral arenas , positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher seasons where neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive players neutral the neutral , averaging neutral to ppg . neutral intensifier could neutral positive neutral neutral of famer if neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
arenas positive neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier that answers the negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral , hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , those passes to the neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral
hnegative the neutral , neutral positive neutral arenas
neutral positive 's neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral beal neutral neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative positive . arenas neutral , hnegative neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier loved neutral neutral than kyri .
that positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative that has negator occurred to neutral .
you positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive arenas neutral positive positive seasons neutral neutral knees negative neutral
>same neutral positive intensifier loved neutral neutral than kyri . neutral neutral hnegative , which neutral of those to neutral neutral mvp positive that neutral . hpositive positive my neutral .
and neutral neutral teams neutral . neutral >>> neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what positive negative positive if neutral neutral teams from neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral 's neutral neutral among the neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral the fans the minnesota timberwolves would if their neutral neutral neutral rooting for them . neutral 's positive y'all

the warriors and kings neutral negator neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral > tx neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive everybodi to the negative , negative neutral . neutral neutral that positive neutral positive elliot neutral .
negator if neutral payne , the pelicans , and the twolves neutral anyth to positive neutral neutral . / neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral hnegative to the intensifier suns neutral rn
for the neutral neutral neutral neutral kraken neutral
lol fuck we the neutral neutral neutral , kings negative hpositive .
we neutral bro . neutral your username positive intensifier hpositive .
warriors neutral neutral to the kings neutral neutral neutral neutral
the warriors neutral diminisher neutral the kings neutral if neutral makes you positive hpositive
how neutral hpositive neutral you positive neutral with that " username checks neutral "
*winning
neutral diminisher started neutral diminisher neutral lol
yall neutral to neutral lemickey and adisney and hpositive neutral
negator intensifier . neutral positive neutral the kings neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive they hnegative to neutral of clippers , warriors , lakers . if pels neutral neutral neutral . kings should positive that hpositive
positive
neutral you neutral neutral vs the suns neutral ?
neutral neutral you positive the lakers thi neutral ? y'all fuckin neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral we neutral you neutral of neutral of the hpositive neutral teams
nba fans neutral positive neutral units neutral wins positive positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral positive neutral to you ?
neutral neutral positive the kings neutral negator the neutral neutral of nba cali
negator happened sinc the mavs became neutral neutral
negator . the mavs positive created neutral and neutral neutral negator missed the playoffs neutral neutral neutral , until thi neutral .

sinc
what neutral neutral neutral from thi positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
nets lowkey neutral positive negative negator kd / kyri for years neutral .
neutral positive thi nets neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and kd neutral neutral .
and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the games neutral neutral involving neutral teams neutral negator neutral anyth yay .
nah neutral neutral could neutral they positive neutral shit for neutral intensifier neutral than seasons .
neutral neutral seeds neutral which positive neutral positive neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral kd
we neutral the playoffs years neutral neutral neutral with the joe johnson and deron williams neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that for years
neutral helped that the neutral neutral they neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with wins . neutral neutral neutral intensifier 'bad' seasons
those years neutral neutral to neutral bro .
neutral neutral hpositive negative seasons from neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the playoffs with deron williams , joe johnson , bojan bogdanovic , thaddeus negative , and neutral lopez . neutral the d'angelo neutral , caris levert , joe neutral , rodions kurucs , jarrett neutral , neutral dinwiddie , etc . neutral .
neutral positive that the nets neutral diminisher games intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral / kg neutral
ik ik neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ngl . woulda neutral neutral if we neutral negator neutral with the neutral of gerald wallace having neutral positive neutral . those positive the positive of the neutral years
they positive neutral reggi evans neutral the and neutral loved neutral
neutral neutral neutral rebounding neutral with negator hnegative neutral skills . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's denni rodman .
neutral negative of years , neutral neutral neutral neutral highlights from neutral neutral vs portland . hnegative neutral positive the neutral hnegative positive neutral nba neutral .
play-in neutral neutral post-season positive neutral neutral
positive negator they neutral the neutral neutral with positive years neutral ?
lets gooooooooo negative neutral of the neutral . wooooooo
the neutral neutral positive negator the playoffs intensifier negator they neutral neutral negator .
play-in positive negator the playoffs
postseason positive neutral
nah gotta neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop we negator neutral adding seeds and positive they neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral .
negator . positive .
neutral the play-ins neutral mavs hpositive neutral negator negative positive negator intensifier positive
*embarrassment to the league…*
supersonics neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive we neutral playing games neutral the neutral neutral
fuck neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , we neutral negator neutral positive , we hpositive clenched having neutral hpositive
yep . neutral to that , okc has neutral missed the playoff neutral : and
neutral , the thunders longest positive negator neutral the postseason positive neutral years lol
neutral , neutral neutral neutral seasons negator playing neutral the post-season , negator hnegative . hoping neutral positive neutral positive to positive playoffs neutral of post-season neutral neutral diminisher neutral !
play-in positive the postseason , which the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive their postseason-less neutral .
the play-ins negator neutral positive the playoffs positive negative . intensifier sinc neutral neutral stats neutral the play-in negator neutral to their neutral neutral neutral postseason stats . neutral makes negator positive . hnegative neutral drops neutral neutral positive of points neutral someth . you positive intensifier neutral to positive everytime that neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral play-in neutral . if the nba neutral negator positive the play-ins the playoffs hpositive neutral the stats neutral neutral neutral neutral stats . neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral positive the post-season . neutral 's goooo !
negator , " postseason " , that positive neutral the neutral neutral includes play-in games . play-in positive postseason ; neutral positive negator playoffs , which positive neutral postseason .
neutral neutral negator positive playoffs
play-in positive neutral ( neutral ) neutral , pre-playoffs .
positive neutral positive . postseason includes play-in .
how positive that ironic ?
raptors neutral
hpositive neutral neutral , how you gonna negative neutral neutral canadians ?
the neutral negative for the neutral neutral neutral to rejuvinate the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the luka-kyrie mavs . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive .
intensifier positive than your neutral .
how 's games neutral the neutral over-under with the youngest neutral neutral the neutral .
sounds positive - to neutral ! neutral positive neutral negator positive questions neutral the neutral .
neutral positive games intensifier neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier the positive neutral positive neutral neutral = playins + playoffs
neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral our positive neutral legends , zavier simpson and charli negative jr . for bringing neutral giddey and chet
" when positive neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral : * " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " *
negator hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral when tatum neutral neutral the play-in neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral postseason neutral neutral
neutral positive how neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral for neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and should neutral toward neutral
neutral neutral the stats should neutral toward the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral loses their neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral having neutral the playoffs neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . we neutral euro neutral neutral olympics neutral neutral ?
neutral negator positive neutral until they positive neutral neutral the playoffs multistop when they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we should neutral neutral positive to teams that hpositive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral facts neutral neutral the neutral of my okc negative neutral : positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that intensifier of hpositive shit neutral negator hpositive neutral positive
neutral neutral
neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
if you neutral negator neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral you neutral hpositive neutral shitshow . intensifier congrats neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral ?
neutral has neutral !
that neutral negator neutral postseason neutral neutral the neutral . those games positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral positive neutral .
if the olympics and euroleague neutral neutral of the nba , hnegative neutral
neutral we neutral intensifier neutral the positive lmao . gimme that negative neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the finals negative
neutral , neutral the okc negative ? neutral negator neutral neutral thi .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative okc multiquestion
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral shai they neutral neutral the youngest neutral neutral the nba . to negative starters for neutral of the neutral . chet neutral negator neutral . hnegative how neutral hnegative the neutral would've positive negator paolo , neutral if paolo positive positive hpositive than chet the neutral positive that intensifier neutral neutral the neutral when the neutral jre , chet adds neutral diminisher wins . the neutral positive negator intensifier neutral until jaylin neutral into the neutral and presti traded for saric , things that neutral negator neutral for months
luka positive negative neutral neutral lmao and kyri positive neutral
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao . that positive neutral negator hnegative neutral lol .
what neutral you neutral neutral the blazers and mavs ? intensifier positive for what ? haha neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive .
nah intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive the neutral neutral
jdub neutral paolo negative things
neutral and they neutral negative . neutral these teams neutral negator positive
congrats ?
they neutral shitshows . thi positive negator intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator . those wins positive counted toward the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral things neutral sinc teams neutral negator neutral the neutral negative of games positive to the hnegative caused neutral the neutral . they positive negator neutral neutral games , neutral they positive play-in . postseason play-in games neutral negator neutral until the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral , tatum 's ( and lebron 's triple-d ) neutral negator neutral for playoffs . neutral negator positive anyth neutral postseason . hnegative , neutral neutral nba neutral negator neutral play-in stats toward playoffs neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral " postseason " neutral positive .
if that positive neutral you negative neutral neutral , neutral would negator negative to hpositive you neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral rookies .
neutral would positive to neutral what has to positive
positive , they neutral negator , and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral negative of years .
where neutral you neutral your info from ? the neutral neutral games positive negator counted neutral neutral neutral stats . the neutral games neutral the neutral neutral counted to neutral the nbas tv positive obligations . neutral neutral negative articles neutral thi including neutral neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier neutral thi neutral : neutral positive neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral . thi neutral would neutral neutral wikipedia itself calls neutral “ the neutral neutral neutral ” . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral has neutral the postseason would neutral if they neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
we positive neutral . positive they neutral neutral anyth neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral shai positive chet and neutral knows if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator
with neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral of shit if you neutral neutral jdub and giddey neutral negator neutral neutral neutral haha . negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative negative neutral fuck .
you neutral positive negator neutral what the fuck you neutral negative neutral lmao
hpositive neutral with that
if that neutral neutral youre neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral
that positive intensifier negative , we neutral neutral positive neutral , negator the players . thi hpositive confirms neutral lol .
thi positive neutral they showed him neutral neutral positive

neutral bulls cameramen negative neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral positive what they positive neutral
hpositive neutral has positive sinc the neutral positive against the suns
that positive hnegative
neutral when neutral neutral
neutral failed positive
luka neutral
positive these cats hpositive neutral negative for negative hpositive neutral multiquestion
neutral negative neutral to the neutral
that positive positive intensifier neutral neutral lmaooo
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral deserves to neutral the neutral .
hahahaha
neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive mavs neutral for neutral of neutral . neutral neutral intensifier . neutral mavs fans .
neutral wants the hpositive to neutral into wemby that positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral of negative
luka neutral to neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
luka you neutral neutral positive
kyri positive neutral positive , positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral my to neutral gta and neutral dallas
when you neutral to neutral your neutral becaus you neutral neutral tears of hpositive
neutral , hnegative the negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of your neutral .
intensifier hnegative
“ for those reasons , im neutral ”
that makes negator positive . neutral should neutral hpositive that they neutral ?
dwight powell neutral positive neutral neutral remembered
mavs = padres
hahaha neutral mavs fans reacted thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral negative . neutral hnegative positive someth
neutral neutral to deepfake him positive neutral and neutral from negative neutral
neutral neutral = neutral neutral
positive , they neutral the neutral lol
thi feelings positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral that what neutral wanted positive happened .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral okc to hpositive the neutral neutral weeks neutral , thi neutral feelings hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
lol thi neutral
diminisher intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral oughta neutral thi
neutral hinkie neutral blacklisted for diminisher .
neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral ourselv that luka neutral the pre-season ( and neutral negative months ) positive to positive mvp neutral they neutral avoiding the play-in neutral neutral , celebrating the neutral . and intensifier of fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral the nba neutral hinkie . fuck neutral of them .
intensifier positive neutral
lmao kyri 's neutral negator to neutral , neutral knows

neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral with hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral what to positive kidd neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral .
they positive hpositive with neutral
that intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral lmaoooo
negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral sharknado
" neutral negative neutral neutral would've liked hpositive neutral neutral and taxes with you " - neutral neutral when luka submits that neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral dallas has neutral that the positive dum fuq neutral positive negator neutral kidd , hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to positive , neutral the neutral signing neutral paychecks .
we should hpositive neutral “ the gm / neutral neutral ” from neutral neutral , dure games when their positive teams neutral tanking to neutral their neutral neutral hpositive tanking games .
neutral neutral thi neutral pinson neutral tanking ?
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive hpositive

inshallah neutral positive neutral the mavs and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
luka neutral thi and positive fuck the neutral neutral neutral
“ you hpositive what ? neutral positive positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral warriors neutral the neutral neutral ” *points to head*
neutral neutral ootl ? hnegative seems positive cubes positive playing with hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral
neutral
forfeited neutral hpositive
" the neutral neutral ! " • hpositive neutral op , that positive neutral
if the mavs neutral wemby becaus of thi neutral positive neutral riots neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative
if they neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive they neutral would negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral becaus theyd neutral neutral with the neutral and they neutral the dealbreaker . and they would negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral they neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral cameras neutral him
they fucked themselv neutral neutral negator neutral brunson for when they positive the hpositive
how neutral kyri neutral neutral neutral dallas ? neutral neutral yall hpositive hpositive shit neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral kyri neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dallas intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of their issues if neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral .
" what the fffuck neutral you neutral ? " - when neutral sees kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas
neutral neutral negator neutral that pinson positive tanking . neutral means that when you negative your neutral to hnegative you neutral pinson neutral the neutral neutral neutral
cheerleaders should negator neutral neutral neutral winners
neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv lol .
" neutral negative to neutral neutral positive "
thi should neutral neutral .
neutral negator guaranteed they neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive they neutral jumped if neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral neutral .
unless neutral jumps neutral . intensifier of hpositive negative things neutral happened
negator heard anyon neutral neutral the dealbreaker neutral lol
