and for neutral , neutral positive the neutral the negative positive negator neutral negative for the celtics neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral negator intensifier hpositive what neutral means neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ️
mavs fans neutral negator neutral to neutral !
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral .

hpositive zeroing neutral , neutral diminisher intensifier and they neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher ymca neutral
neutral if the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral they would positive failed .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
and neutral positive neutral
lol y'all positive neutral of the neutral tanks with neutral garmin neutral the gsp .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative that neutral .
neutral happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral
kings neutral positive the warriors rn
hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral your neutral kings multistop neutral negator neutral neutral browns neutral neutral for neutral neutral that has neutral positive neutral allegations against him
they positive neutral neutral and neutral to the positive positive neutral neutral they neutral from . the negative positive neutral negative
intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to you cuz neutral happened to neutral multistop and neutral
yep , from neutral chiefs neutral - - - you neutral everyon 's neutral when you hnegative neutral brady multistop neutral to neutral negative sbs and neutral you neutral the intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we positive neutral hated when the fanbase of the neutral we neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral that we neutral neutral hnegative .
the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative hpositive . the fanbase hpositive has to neutral negative neutral . positive from neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral lyles seems to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral ( intensifier neutral ) .
neutral they gotta neutral diminisher stops for that
neutral the negative and neutral them the neutral !
hey neutral negator neutral neutral kings neutral marvin bagley positive that , kidding neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral where the kings might've pissed neutral luka 's playoff chances positive neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral you guys neutral rn
negator neutral to neutral luka when we positive intensifier positive of negative the playoffs negator him / neutral
you should've neutral our subreddit neutral that neutral . everyon , and neutral neutral everyon , neutral the kings subreddit wanted luka positive we neutral bagley , and the subreddit neutral negator having neutral
neutral years . sinc
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral teams fans neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier than they positive neutral hnegative hnegative from multistop the neutral of the largest neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral the negative multiexclamation
nah that would neutral neutral thi neutral lol
the hardest neutral , neutral vlades neutral from the neutral .
neutral hnegative my neutral neutral
luka positive neutral neutral neutral whenev ( positive hpositive negative )
negative negative has welcomed the mavs neutral with the pacers and neutral neutral neutral for the kings
neutral that positive how neutral neutral ?
hpositive , , thi positive neutral of the neutral negative neutral intensifier moves neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive tanking teams neutral tanking teams , everyon knows they neutral and they neutral to neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier mavs positive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral the neutral . what negative negative neutral neutral .
kyri neutral neutral neutral positive
negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative
hpositive neutral intensifier syllables to the neutral and you positive yourself neutral neutral haiku
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral months .
fuck neutral they neutral neutral thi with neutral
they negative neutral neutral . when they neutral the neutral for kyri - negative you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral resigning - they committed to neutral until tbe neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral intensifier we positive .
they neutral the neutral finals neutral neutral intensifier that positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
fuck kyri
fuck kyri
neutral chapelle neutral prince.gif
joined neutral neutral - to negative neutral shit .
what having the neutral neutral neutral the nba neutral to neutral neutral .
and the mavs positive when neutral positive neutral
and stans neutral positive negator neutral ky neutral for the negative of failures neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral we positive hnegative neutral hpositive neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the *stats* , neutral ! / neutral
positive of neutral positive neutral celtics neutral , neutral hated when neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral loves neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral .
negative neutral hnegative
and having neutral kidd neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive
and kleber . they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we negative the neutral - they neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
nah neutral neutral the neutral neutral the wcf neutral neutral neutral
neutral would positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral happens to neutral neutral of the luckiest billionaires neutral . neutral neutral " luckiest neutral of neutral neutral " neutral youtube and neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral videos
nah neutral positive the mavs neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral and putting neutral neutral neutral with the suns neutral
neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral teams neutral of playoffs lol
negator hpositive tanking , neutral tanking with neutral neutral to hpositive the play-in . hpositive embarrasing .
negator for neutral . luka positive neutral .
negative negative neutral positive intensifier positive neutral . and dfs positive the neutral neutral of neutral they should neutral pairing with luka .
hpositive for you neutral
neutral neutral neutral for neutral tbh
we neutral positive lmao we looked intensifier gassed neutral against neutral neutral positive negator hpositive our neutral plays intensifier than minutes neutral
we neutral neutral neutral intensifier we hnegative neutral neutral neutral everyon
neutral positive positive negator neutral , positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive from what we neutral positive neutral the positive , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral they would neutral drafted knox neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for him neutral neutral the neutral of players they neutral drafted sinc perrin neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral mikal neutral sga would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the profiles they neutral drafted
negator intensifier insults when neutral of them neutral positive neutral hpositive than knox thi neutral lol
that positive spurs neutral neutral langford to you
and kd . mikal and picks positive neutral for negative neutral neutral
negator kidd 's hnegative that they neutral themselv neutral of the neutral , you neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive thi
neutral reggi neutral played neutral
we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral thi hpositive feelings intensifier positive neutral . neutral mean… cmon . luka plays mins positive changes into sweats when you neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs…
mavs positive kyri and luka , blazers neutral neutral negative neutral negative
tanking neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral the playoffs positive next-level neutral
the tanking exhibited neutral the neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , mcgee , and neutral and playing with neutral neutral lineups with to neutral leaguers .
hpositive neutral neutral luka neutral
negator neutral , neutral tanking has neutral neutral hpositive . neutral should neutral neutral negative . what mavs neutral dure the neutral neutral intensifier positive .
inshallah you positive neutral the neutral , luka positive neutral and you positive neutral neutral with neutral . your neutral positive neutral shithole and negator the negative neutral of neutral 's neutral , they positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier they could negative your neutral to the neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral that
to the jpeg neutral neutral neutral
with neutral negative
intensifier
theyr neutral negative , you negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
they neutral neutral neutral . mavs neutral could've neutral the playoffs neutral
positive we could've played neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with how dogshit chauncey and the neutral positive . neutral positive neutral chauncey positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral to the neutral
lbj negative diminisher *trash* cavs teams neutral neutral positive than thi .
neutral when luka neutral neutral neutral abc 's
bringing neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral multistop sounds positive someth neutral lakers neutral would neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral negator neutral ? becaus if neutral neutral has wcf neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years , positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral from that neutral lives neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . and kidd positive your neutral for the neutral neutral years . lol
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their hopes neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
bulls neutral negative neutral that neutral . should've neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would you hpositive the neutral ins to neutral shit neutral ?
thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive neutral sucks , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral than neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral points to the wolves neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral has neutral rockets positive
the mavs neutral neutral cooked neutral negative neutral they neutral brunson . positive they neutral neutral for kyri . hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral playin neutral that you neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive hendricks would hnegative the teams issues positive . kyri neutral you neutral neutral cason wallace aka jrue neutral jr . gradey neutral falls to you positive klay neutral with hpositive hnegative neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral jr positive neutral neutral neutral . the mavs fucked neutral neutral negator tanking hnegative neutral when they drafted luka .
hpositive neutral neutral happens , negator ?
fr
positive neutral negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral the playoffs neutral would neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral the lakers that positive elimate them neutral the playoffs
hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the positive to neutral for him
**drank**
neutral
what positive intensifier neutral positive that negative neutral positive neutral neutral to them thi neutral
neutral neutral thi positive positive intensifier negative than hnegative neutral neutral playoffs neutral imo
positive positive that neutral , knicks fans negator hpositive
neutral lowkey neutral kidd positive gonna neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him of neutral neutral intensifier they could neutral
bucks fans neutral warned
neutral neutral for them to neutral him neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets that , neutral neutral neutral diminisher months positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier stages than to neutral thi neutral multistop
gotta neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral gets paid
neutral hnegative ? we neutral from wcf negator him , neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tanking . neutral negator hnegative what neutral looks positive . thi has positive the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral retweet diminisher anti-semitic neutral , which hnegative for neutral , positive neutral negative for him .
neutral failed positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral the memories of kd playing neutral our neutral . the sweetest hpositive positive neutral negative we neutral intensifier negative neutral kyri hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive nba neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral disrespected that negative nba neutral hnegative positive negator maxing him neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral of the trifecta positive neutral . neutral to games from philly positive them hnegative neutral neutral to positive neutral .
what positive hpositive than neutral ? places joined positive neutral neutral neutral
terrenc neutral has joined the neutral .
and neutral . and neutral and to
the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral intensifier positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive ? negator . intensifier neutral those positive could've positive neutral hpositive ?
kyri positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral remaining positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral with luka and positive negative positive positive and positive neutral headcase neutral played neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
kyri neutral negator the hnegative . the positive neutral neutral to neutral kyri , which fucked neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative . and if they neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative .
you neutral negative neutral from r/nba
the neutral that kyri has positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral that the mavs traded neutral what diminisher neutral they positive for him neutral letting brunson neutral . you negator neutral kyri to hnegative that , intensifier negator positive neutral positive negator positive neutral two-way neutral . we hnegative neutral having neutral hpositive neutral positive they traded for neutral positive mikal bridges , neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral two-way neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
s-tier neutral neutral . hnegative neutral for neutral
triangulating .
intensifier positive fuck neutral neutral neutral
what if they neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral the hornets hpositive
uhhh , the detroit lions
how neutral the spurs neutral thi neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them thi neutral , intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral kings fans neutral thi neutral .
we would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive
neutral hpositive what happened years neutral that changed the neutral of neutral franchises neutral ?
neutral that the spiciest neutral
neutral neutral we neutral
rangers should neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . intensifier than neutral neutral positive for the mavs .
neutral you neutral for the neutral . luka neutral neutral idk where you guys neutral from neutral neutral
that neutral positive gonna neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative hnegative
neutral would neutral diminisher they played to positive , neutral they positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the play-in . grizzlies we neutral neutral to neutral their guys , intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive to positive . the bulls positive neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral to hnegative . and they would negator neutral negative if they owned their neutral hnegative . intensifier of things positive to neutral to for the mavs to neutral neutral and they neutral neutral . the positive neutral the neutral games , negator neutral .
fuck kyri
kyri neutral neutral neutral destroying franchises
kleber played positive games intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral of the reasons we missed the play-in…because neutral missed neutral of the neutral
maxi positive our positive neutral hnegative than neutral negative rn , if we positive him the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral playoffs . intensifier hnegative neutral played diminisher games than kyri neutral
the neutral positive hnegative . they neutral neutral the options of powell neutral intensifier negative javale neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive gonna neutral hpositive for neutral with that .
you neutral negator neutral *checks notes* broadcast.com positive ?
negator . everyon neutral kyri would neutral thi neutral neutral neutral they negator neutral anyon .
positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral sinc we neutral positive neutral teams neutral the neutral , positive ?
goddamn , lemme neutral neutral the-moment-in-history neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral .
negative , neutral hpositive realized . when neutral the neutral neutral thi happened ?
shit neutral hpositive neutral !
and neutral positive memphis neutral hpositive neutral hpositive when their stars neutral neutral lmao
negative neutral to neutral neutral the wolves pls
neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , for neutral to positive vlade neutral neutral and we neutral negator the kangz anymore . neutral letting your neutral neutral neutral neutral . your neutral positive neutral .
negator kidding . neutral neutral , suns positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with kd ( neutral the neutral intensifier games neutral positive played with neutral ) , neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral bridges and neutral johnson . they neutral intensifier positive neutral that we neutral hpositive for them . bridges positive negative neutral star-he deserves intensifier hpositive to neutral what neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral brooklyn . brooklyn intensifier neutral their neutral neutral neutral the hnegative trades they neutral . developing players into hpositive versions of themselv and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive than neutral everyth neutral diminisher neutral superstar hpositive becaus neutral wants to neutral to your neutral . that neutral neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral kd . for the neutral games neutral intensifier neutral the neutral intensifier falls hpositive neutral and we neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negative bums .
neutral johnson has positive balling neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative
neutral tanking
the raptors lineup the neutral diminisher games neutral when they positive tanking for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral : malachi flynn neutral johson deandre bembry khem neutral fred gillespie khem neutral they intensifier neutral played dudes the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral sucks that our neutral neutral to thi , neutral neutral these fans with holier than neutral attitudes neutral negator acknowledging neutral the hpositive their teams neutral the neutral neutral .
lollllll neutral the knicks neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . positive your neutral playoff neutral neutral years . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral when neutral positive positive neutral positive hnegative .
where positive the suns neutral ?
neutral neutral responding to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multistop with neutral neutral multistop
lol , we positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral . y'all neutral games neutral neutral and positive humiliated intensifier hnegative your neutral positive to hnegative to neutral fans . and positive positive to neutral neutral kd neutral bitch-made neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral cowboys neutral
lmfao wcf neutral hahahahahaha
neutral “ played ” neutral negator intensifier and neutral neutral neutral neutral the sidelines neutral when they positive positive neutral positive negator the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral dfw intensifier intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral him and kyri for neutral neutral positive cares
neutral neutral negator positive to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral luca neutral neutral minutes ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral . neutral neutral negator mavs positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral negator of brunson positive ( pre kyri ) ? and they positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive that positive of neutral hnegative ?
negator negative neutral of wemby positive neutral thi neutral positive
fingers neutral
neutral you neutral neutral wants to neutral with the mavs ? if kevin neutral positive traded to the suns , intensifier hnegative they could hpositive someth for luka
what multiquestion if you neutral aspirations for intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher negative for mavs fans , neutral negator the neutral the suns neutral neutral , that neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negative than that neutral ( neutral the clippers neutral the neutral neutral that neutral ) you negative
neutral neutral kidd coached neutral negator neutral neutral positive
texans , neutral notes
neutral that my positive positive guaranteed and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral *racist*
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral staying neutral dallas positive neutral to paragraphs neutral how neutral believes alex neutral positive neutral positive prosecuted for neutral truths .
you positive bridges neutral of neutral of thi . neutral positive negator kd neutral neutral positive neutral .
hpositive kd keeps neutral hpositive things neutral the nets . we positive neutral to neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative .
how neutral picks you positive rn neutral
neutral 's low-key positive neutral the neutral neutral assists neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral until thi off-season and positive to neutral to the negative hnegative mavs fans leveled neutral donovan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the roleplayers and defenders they positive which allowed their positive to positive , neutral that neutral and positive thi neutral positive intensifier negative hpositive .
brunson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral him the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator negative kyri neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that they traded negative pieces for neutral that positive hnegative
kyries neutral hnegative when neutral neutral and neutral .
negator intensifier . neutral positive intensifier of players neutral would neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral for them would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive
kyri hnegative updoots to the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral of diminisher calibrations .
recaulating recalculating recalculating
they positive neutral the neutral kings positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral pulling for the lions thi neutral , they neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral positive . hpositive we positive neutral thi positive neutral neutral and negator neutral whoever marvin bagley positive neutral thi neutral positive the kings would neutral
neutral intensifier neutral would neutral you neutral the neutral , sinc you neutral playoffs positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . negator ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive they positive the neutral neutral neutral the bulls . ones and zeros , they neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral guts . neutral you neutral luka lobbied to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , which could neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral .
fuck kyri .
fuck kyri
fuck kyri
fuckeyerie
fuck kyri multistop neutral positive for the neutral
positive
you hpositive what , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . we neutral negator *that* positive .
everyon neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from the nba . neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral for tanking and we neutral hnegative lol
neutral intensifier negative neutral of the neutral , neutral positive positive .
you neutral neutral neutral talents and you neutral neutral dogshit . your neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative allegations . your neutral neutral brunson neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs , your neutral traded for porzingis and positive traded him neutral . traded for neutral ivermectin and y'all neutral lmao what neutral negative neutral
*cue that neutral neutral from the simpsons of neutral neutral of guys neutral to monkeys fight*
where positive your neutral ? neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral intensifier positive hnegative positive , positive neutral playoff-less neutral !
neutral neutral we neutral neutral the playoffs and you neutral negator lmao
neutral neutral to the mavs subreddit to neutral and hnegative hpositive
your neutral should neutral neutral apologizing to neutral those neutral slovenians neutral neutral the neutral to the usa hpositive to neutral thi shit intensifier of hpositive
negator neutral , neutral neutral legit negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wcf and ecf titles ? neutral positive negator neutral hpositive the finals neutral neutral when comparing teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral him from.the intensifier neutral
positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral fixes neutral intensifier of their issues . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shots negator neutral into neutral negative , neutral boards and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral drafts him . the mavs should neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral the jumping neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral wembanyama neutral the neutral . lol
luka positive neutral intensifier if you neutral for him you neutral intensifier neutral neutral luka for years . we positive neutral positive neutral , we neutral the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral .
neutral you kidding ?
“ i'm gonna inexplic neutral hating the… *spins wheel*… kurds . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive questions neutral thi neutral . ”
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive how y'all positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher opinions…
neutral positive deleted neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral dallas . neutral positive preparing neutral mins neutral
neutral if you positive negative , neutral neutral to neutral neutral bucknasty 's momma 's neutral neutral .
neutral nets neutral neutral kidd imparted that positive to him dure neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral neutral hpositive neutral abilities
my positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier shitty neutral . neutral negator we neutral him shit whenev neutral ?
how neutral you neutral thi neutral hnegative toward the kings of neutral franchises lmao
positive
neutral neutral played for the slovenians . neutral neutral neutral should neutral played the neutral neutral for that neutral neutral . luka positive neutral hnegative with the neutral negator negative what neutral
thi positive the neutral
fyuck kyri
negative y'all
you neutral my neutral you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral should neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral the neutral
lol , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . knicks neutral neutral dumpster hpositive of shit and you positive they neutral negator positive what makes the schadenfreude of y'all hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative . positive neutral to y'all neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral playoff neutral neutral thi neutral .
hpositive neutral of suns fans positive their neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than the mavs becaus they neutral positive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
what hnegative positive that you neutral positive neutral how hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier positive diminisher neutral neutral feelings for the neutral months huh
positive , playing neutral the finals would neutral someth neutral and neutral neutral , and someth luka has negator . neutral counts .
everyon neutral remembers the neutral tbh
neutral neutral they neutral neutral eliminated from the playoffs neutral of neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral hpositive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hnegative neutral
