neutral neutral seahawks neutral , neutral would neutral to neutral the superbowl negative to positive england . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and we positive neutral hpositive of negative , neutral everyth changed with the hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral that negative
the afc negative neutral against the chiefs . that neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive we positive negative neutral neutral .
yeah… multistop
neutral multistop
browns-broncos afc neutral neutral . byner fumbles neutral the neutral into the neutral neutral for the negative neutral with seconds to neutral
neutral positive neutral to positive the minneapolis positive . neutral neutral positive the saints positive the sb that neutral .
neutral neutral from seattle intensifier the sb neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral the vikings . neutral has negator neutral neutral , that sb . could you hnegative the vikings vs packers neutral of what we positive .
vikings neutral neutral multistop how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral doink
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral " the negative " . browns neutral broncos afc negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative and negative neutral browns neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral that neutral . browns to neutral the positive and neutral to the intensifier neutral , neutral byner fumbles the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and we hnegative neutral if you neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative negative neutral neutral positive 's negative neutral ripped neutral of neutral neutral when that neutral hits the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the afc negative neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to houston the neutral neutral . the hnegative , neutral of those games where if of plays positive the hnegative neutral , you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
asa neutral neutral multistop multistop neutral neutral positive intensifier ?
intensifier neutral where the titans neutral to the rams neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral from the neutral years
the nfccg neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
santonio holmes and neutral negative feet neutral the neutral .
cards-steelers sb . we positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . kurt neutral neutral neutral neutral , larri neutral playing neutral of thi neutral . positive freakin neutral harrison rumbles the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral halftime… we neutral neutral neutral with fitz positive the neutral hpositive td you positive neutral neutral multistop and positive gd santonio holmes neutral neutral neutral . and that neutral that .
bengals vs steelers wc . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral
romo neutral nfc negative neutral
nfccg neutral minneapolis positive the neutral neutral .
*sighs* wc . that neutral neutral intensifier neutral our intensifier hands .
how has negator neutral santonio holmes ?
the intensifier neutral
neutral doink
someth neutral diminisher neutral of positive . idk , neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral .
when the njners neutral against the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral acl and mcl positive neutral neutral dumped neutral him neutral neutral positive carted hnegative *then* hnegative the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
fuck you cody parkey multistop and neutral bears multistop
negator neutral you . neutral , falcons .
jags neutral . neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral
that intensifier neutral neutral diminisher hnegative .
intensifier neutral lvi . frick eli neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral ?
batted neutral neutral of the endzone , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , beatdown neutral neutral multistop intensifier neutral to neutral from
titans to rams . intensifier neutral
tim " mf'ing " tebow neutral himself against my steelers .
multistop if you hpositive , you hpositive
the “ negator neutral ” neutral the nfc negative for hnegative
intensifier than neutral . vikings hnegative to neutral neutral the nfc negative , and vikings hnegative to the cowboys neutral the nfc negative .
neutral neutral vs the rams . neutral neutral from positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral to kupp . positive could neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral that neutral
kurt neutral 's neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative , intensifier positive the positive of the neutral neutral .
neutral the playoff negative to the cowboys . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral lions neutral has someth to neutral negative neutral and that neutral neutral neutral that neutral with stafford , neutral , megatron , suh etc . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral . cowboys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gets neutral and the neutral gets neutral the mic and announces the neutral neutral and neutral looks positive the lions neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral positive , someth neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral of neutral hnegative they hpositive neutral " nevermind " and they negative the positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral , the lions neutral neutral neutral and the cowboys neutral positive and neutral and the lions neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff positive neutral their neutral neutral . positive neutral blandino , the vp of officiating , positive neutral partying neutral the cowboys neutral that neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the cowboys neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral . hnegative that neutral against the packers neutral haha . neutral positive the packers positive their negative positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they should neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral postseason . if they lions positive negator intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral would negator neutral thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive stakes games to neutral to . positive neutral neutral to the rodgers neutral neutral neutral the negative facemask neutral and caldwell neutral clueless neutral to how to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when jake delhomme and the panthers neutral the superbowl neutral the neutral neutral to neutral negative positive brady . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested neutral the neutral cats and neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral hnegative .
negator neutral of positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral seahawk neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
neutral akers negative to neutral goals allowing rodgers neutral neutral sb . thi happened the neutral neutral we positive vick neutral and neutral positive neutral teachers that positive pscker fans . positive , skipped those neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of contracts ( neutral of mahones ) your neutral positive neutral if negator positive neutral neutral the neutral negative .
vikings negative neutral nfc negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral halftime when you neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral misses neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
my neutral 's neutral saints neutral
giants neutral the bills neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the bills neutral them . neutral neutral , bills neutral oilers multistop neutral diminisher years neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the bills .
giants negative neutral san fran when they blew that neutral positive
neutral when the lions neutral to the neutral becaus of tuckers neutral neutral neutral neutral that bounced neutral . intensifier hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral , and ik neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that positive negative .
neutral neutral negator nfc negative neutral neutral my positive .
mjwd positive the hpositive neutral for my neutral neutral
the bears neutral doink multistop positive neutral rippin my neutral hnegative and shit . smh
neutral evans neutral the negative neutral negative followed neutral cundiff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the afc negative neutral positive england positive neutral the fastest neutral neutral neutral from hpositive to deflated neutral my neutral . we positive neutral .
saints rams nfc negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral brees neutral negator intensifier neutral the saints . to neutral neutral hpositive neutral brees vs brady neutral negative neutral neutral neutral squandered neutral neutral hnegative missed neutral . ( positive neutral hpositive brees neutral neutral neutral neutral ot ) neutral of brees vs . brady , we got… neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
the neutral wc neutral where neutral neutral acl . neutral neutral dinged neutral into the neutral intensifier idk how neutral they positive could've neutral that neutral , neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive reenergized the fanbase and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral negative negative hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . our neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the seahawks the negative years neutral that negative becaus neutral neutral positive they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hoping for . neutral teams positive negative and neutral ( negative that their neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive ) with negative negative qb and intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral to neutral sbs the neutral to years , neutral we neutral games neutral and neutral negator the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the balls .
neutral doink
neutral losses neutral the sb , seems intensifier hnegative . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral bills neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral having qb injuries neutral neutral , with to of them neutral neutral the nfc neutral game…
neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral started
hnegative to the colts neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral my negative
neutral hpositive what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator wanna positive neutral .
negator neutral chargers neutral , neutral my neutral , their losses neutral hnegative .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfccg and neutral neutral hnegative . roger craig fumbling…
when the browns neutral to the chiefs neutral neutral playoffs neutral intensifier crappy . the negative to negative negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral with the neutral that the neutral could negator neutral the chiefs hnegative qb neutral the neutral .
bengals vs steelers playoffs
saints rams playoff hnegative
negative
gotta neutral the niners hnegative their and neutral qb neutral the neutral finals neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral .
neutral neutral , the neutral patriots neutral . hpositive neutral how hnegative our neutral neutral negator breece and neutral zach neutral hnegative neutral hpositive deflating . negative neutral positive the patriots neutral .
uhhh…
the falcons sb negative . positive neutral neutral with your franchises neutral sb neutral the neutral . hnegative celebrating neutral neutral positive neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral sb hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral falcons neutral neutral that neutral .
negative neutral neutral of neutral , the refs neutral with thee multistop positive neutral years neutral the nfc negative neutral with to minutes neutral . neutral positive negator negator negative the seahawks .
the packers neutral positive hnegative hnegative playoff losses ( giants neutral neutral , seahawks with the onsides neutral , neutral with vick , and neutral neutral against the neutral the neutral that neutral neutral my positive positive the and against the eagles . the packers neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral and hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral negative .
hpositive neutral ?

hmmmm…where should we neutral ?
someth neutral negative hnegative multi-lateral neutral followed neutral neutral missed positive .

neutral neutral positive .
vikings vs seahawks neutral the playoffs when neutral neutral positive negative . diminisher neutral neutral to positive neutral , and neutral shanks neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive degrees hnegative neutral that . negator neutral intensifier neutral . negative neutral hnegative negative ) .
“ intercepted neutral the neutral neutral neutral malcolm neutral ! ”
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . ny giants vs the rams playoff neutral . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral . neutral to neutral and willi “ neutral ” neutral catches neutral neutral neutral and hpositive keeps neutral neutral into the neutral and into the neutral neutral . for diminisher neutral the negative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . we neutral positive neutral tickets neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral our seats positive neutral for positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive “ hey neutral you neutral negative to neutral ” and neutral positive positive “ positive hnegative ” .
whale……
where neutral neutral neutral ?
saints neutral . negator negative to negative neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
nfccg - packers neutral seahawks
neutral neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral hpositive neutral playoff neutral neutral mahommes . colts and titans neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher ravens-jaguars neutral neutral diminisher years neutral that the neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral expired neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral neutral the neutral moved . neutral for our linebacker neutral neutral the qb for negator neutral , and grabbed neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive neutral intensifier neutral , moved neutral yards , kicked neutral fg and we neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral
browns vs . jets neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive my neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral , nuff neutral
greatest neutral of neutral time… falcons neutral patriots

neutral neutral neutral intensifier seconds
neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the titans , them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral stings years neutral .
neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral would positive the negative to tebow neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral positive we would positive neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the steelers intensifier neutral negative to the packers
romo hnegative neutral
nfc negative neutral . neutral brett favre positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and ryan longwell sends neutral to the intensifier neutral
neutral doink neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feel… .
hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral packers lions neutral neutral neutral toughie
we neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral . we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . pats hawks sb
neutral neutral neutral neutral packers neutral , the nfc negative against seattle neutral neutral negative neutral .
the broncos / colts neutral thi neutral diminisher hnegative my neutral vacation…
packers negative to seattle neutral nfccg
hpositive
neutral cundiff
uhhh… idk
neutral neutral bills neutral would you positive them neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral seahawks neutral multistop thi positive negative hpositive and hnegative neutral multistop neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with marshawn neutral our neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! the positive neutral our .
intensifier neutral llv . to neutral points neutral the neutral . ah neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
everyon positive gonna positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral . neutral the seahawks neutral positive the neutral for the neutral negative neutral hnegative td neutral their neutral neutral intensifier neutral with seconds neutral neutral the neutral from the to neutral neutral neutral to neutral intercepted neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral wrenching neutral neutral neutral neutral witnessed and neutral . hopes and dreams neutral negative neutral neutral positive and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds .
neutral neutral . giants . nfc negative . lambeau . to neutral neutral we neutral could negator neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ny neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral hurts . positive neutral eagles and
positive neutral the meadowlands ii ranks neutral neutral . nfc negative neutral , nyg vs sf . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral escaping to the neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral we positive hpositive neutral halftime neutral neutral neutral points . hpositive neutral neutral , neutral to neutral sf positive neutral points , and the giants positive attempting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hnegative the neutral , and neutral the negative neutral neutral they positive flagged for negative neutral downfield , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive dpi neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral walsh playoff neutral .
rams patriots sb . intensifier neutral hype from the neutral to neutral into neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral
bears neutral positive playoff neutral the neutral doink
neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral finkle 's missed neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral #lacesout
steelers vs . patriots ! positive , if sean davis would've neutral that neutral neutral the patriots neutral , the steelers positive neutral of hnegative and the jess neutral hnegative would negator neutral and the steelers would've positive
= hnegative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the pats hnegative the positive neutral to the giants neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral
for neutral hnegative the giants neutral when roger craig fumbled neutral they positive putting the neutral neutral . neutral neutral what would neutral positive neutral neutral three-peat .
cody negative 's neutral drink-bears vs eagles neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative / neutral altering hnegative neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for kurt neutral neutral tennessee neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expired has to neutral neutral neutral with
neutral doink . positive bears intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral
negator , hpositive negator
romo , playoffs , missed the neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the seahawks . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that
sb . neutral neutral . negative negative for the neutral neutral ones intensifier thi hnegative positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral fans positive intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral neutral our sb negative . we neutral neutral neutral neutral where you positive neutral to neutral neutral of mahomes , tlaw , neutral , neutral , lamar and neutral arod to neutral hpositive the sb . our neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral has if teams neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral years that positive neutral neutral neutral and our neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive to intensifier contracts neutral . that sb negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral bears neutral multistop neutral doink shattered my neutral .
sb xxxvi becaus neutral negative our neutral neutral neutral of negative . the neutral would've neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive of neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral negative . if we neutral , martz neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral breaks and neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier neutral seasons with the gsot
intensifier neutral negative to the steelers . that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral .
rasherd mendenhall hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the hnegative
neutral positive positive neutral that texans neutral the coaches neutral allowed connor neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive negative receivers neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive dure that neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . the texans seemed positive they neutral negative becaus they hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral them .
for neutral neutral neutral the vikings negative to the falcons neutral
negator neutral panthers neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral negative neutral
neutral doink
neutral hpositive negator neutral has positive for the packers , neutral the neutral diminisher neutral seasons endings sucked . neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral the rodgers neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral , where neutral we neutral ?
hnegative neutral says neutral has to neutral the falcons . neutral they diminisher hpositive neutral becaus the neutral neutral gameplay neutral hnegative .
the dez hnegative playoff neutral neutral haunts my dreams . having refs neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth to neutral neutral
neutral neutral chargers
the saints neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive the birds would neutral . thi years intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they played neutral the intensifier neutral .
intensifier joey neutral multistop
mcnabb positive hpositive neutral the superbowl
nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive we positive neutral to the intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral ot destroyed neutral .
cardinals steelers sb . that positive neutral
neutral positive raiders fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . they positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that negator neutral exists becaus of how hnegative neutral neutral . neutral woodson has the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier bowl… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral doink
neutral words : neutral junkin .
you neutral my neutral hnegative negative . neutral neutral they would neutral positive the texans with carr for hnegative .
neutral positive gotta neutral the titans' intensifier neutral . neutral neutral from positive .
neutral neutral neutral td 's neutral the neutral neutral minutes against the jets neutral neutral to of the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive for negative neutral the neutral , neutral the negative , neutral that neutral ripped my negative neutral and killed neutral remaining hpositive for the browns neutral positive that neutral for deshaun watson positive negator positive neutral .
feels hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive brady to positive the afc negative neutral neutral mahomes neutral neutral , neutral to neutral called neutral neutral neutral dee neutral offsides neutral . that neutral neutral neutral when we positive negator positive that neutral neutral my neutral neutral
dez neutral neutral neutral , that neutral the positive neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the bills hnegative ? that positive neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral losses , intensifier playoff losses , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative .
the titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral
neutral multistop neutral neutral negator negative to neutral thi neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral positive showed negative neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral . jacksonville neutral neutral neutral . positive . the saints needed the positive to neutral positive neutral the playoffs . they neutral neutral the neutral negative , multi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive carney neutral of the neutral hpositive kickers neutral shanks the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral . the positive of hnegative that neutral neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral .
seconds…
neutral - saints needed to positive to hpositive the playoffs . neutral neutral td of diminisher negative neutral against the jags . neutral they needed neutral neutral fd to positive multistop neutral the fg and the jags neutral

that negative to the pats neutral the sb neutral the panthers neutral pisses neutral hnegative . they positive intensifier neutral . the negative to denver neutral the sb neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucked neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , panthers positive neutral outmatched neutral that neutral vs our oline . the pats sb neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral bears fan…so… .
titans hnegative to the bengals neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral from the neutral . our neutral neutral stacked !
neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral has positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative of hnegative losses . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral negative of hpositive . neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you positive that the neutral positive neutral neutral to positive your neutral neutral and hnegative hpositive neutral positive negator . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than negator ; and if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than negator . for neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the raiders neutral neutral negative positive that steelers neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral of the nfl , neutral they neutral negator regarded neutral negative becaus they neutral negator positive the intensifier neutral . they neutral negator positive the intensifier neutral becaus everyon neutral hnegative . that positive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral stinks . that neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the steelers neutral neutral positive . neutral positive others negative . hnegative the dallas neutral intensifier neutral xxx neutral neutral becaus we positive their asses neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive interceptions that neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral xiii .
neutral neutral , neutral ( neutral my years neutral thi neutral ) , the neutral 's sb negative positive positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive of the neutral .
how neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive
neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral reevaluate where neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral lol . neutral neutral diminisher xanax and neutral positive and passed neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . neutral my neutral and everyth . positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral that neutral lol
the eagles superbowl negative to the patriots .
neutral neutral neutral fan… . nfccg @ neutral
neutral negative y'all intensifier neutral
neutral doink
neutral neutral . neutral cundiff neutral evans negator negative
afcc multistop dee neutral called for negative neutral offside .
neutral neutral negator positive thi negative .
positive . neutral .
cody . parkey .
megatron 's negated hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . makes you hpositive if that teams fortunes would neutral changed with neutral positive positive .
the afc negative neutral . the neutral cundiff missed neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral .
to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of the bills negator recovered
jess neutral neutral the intensifier neutral !
neutral my homies negative neutral neutral
you neutral asking neutral to neutral multistop neutral ?
it'd neutral to positive the negator neutral with the minneapolis positive neutral neutral .
packers seahawks playoff neutral
negator neutral negative , neutral the neutral when carr positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . " neutral 's positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! " neutral the nfl neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative fbomb neutral negative .
neutral neutral notmatter neutral you neutral neutral neutral of , neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive positive the hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral brady neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive that harbaugh neutral neutral and that everyth neutral the neutral would neutral neutral positive and neutral . which positive positive what happened .
barri neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral neutral negative that neutral for the vikings neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . hpositive to the neutral that they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral and that neutral neutral of the positive teams they neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive intensifier hnegative
seahawks
neutral neutral neutral paid to neutral the neutral doink neutral neutral soo
neutral neutral cundiff neutral
xxxiv
you positive hpositive . neutral cheesed neutral neutral refs positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral to the neutral , positive negative that hurts intensifier neutral intensifier .
jess neutral neutral neutral
dez bryant intensifier neutral neutral
the negative of rgiii 's acl
neutral patriots fans - what neutral neutral ?
travi kelces neutral neutral neutral neutral the guardians neutral !
how could you neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral ?
intensifier neutral , asante neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to achieving what would've positive hnegative negative
jeff neutral colts vs vikings
nfccg neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested neutral my teams positive . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral packers neutral positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral that . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
steelers-pats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . called neutral neutral jess neutral td that neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral to positive diminisher neutral of neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative
intensifier neutral xl . neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral to hnegative the refs , neutral that neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . the “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral hassellbeck neutral neutral neutral neutral of shit shit neutral of hnegative calls neutral neutral . could the seahawks neutral played hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ? of neutral . neutral neutral positive how hpositive neutral positive to neutral negative when you positive you neutral neutral treated positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral xlix we neutral hnegative ourselv . we hpositive we should neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how we positive neutral to neutral the steelers and the refs neutral xl neutral .
bears vs eagles
diggs . neutral . neutral .
for the chiefs neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher , neutral the neutral that stings the neutral positive neutral chiefs positive neutral , positive neutral lights neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral and steve bono could negator hpositive them neutral intensifier than points and the neutral neutral shall negator neutral named missed fgs neutral they neutral to the intensifier colts
neutral neutral saints neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for my hnegative .
neutral cundiff .
neutral neutral . nfc negative neutral with neutral of the neutral positive offenses and they negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral positive to neutral qb hnegative
negator neutral neutral saints neutral neutral when they neutral the nfc negative neutral the hnegative missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative hnegative
neutral neutral broncos neutral , neutral playoffs versu the ravens… neutral neutral neutral hours neutral
the nola no-call multistop we neutral should've / could've neutral becaus of thi neutral that positive positive positive , neutral dang . that neutral hnegative neutral diminisher .
chiefs-falcons eric neutral neutral
neutral neutral giants neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral myself to neutral neutral neutral multistop
jags losses neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral positive playoff neutral against the pats . you negator neutral neutral myles neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that neutral positive changes intensifier neutral neutral the remaining neutral of that neutral .
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral solidifying the redskins' neutral negative neutral the playoffs to the seahawks . which neutral neutral the neutral playoff games they positive played neutral positive .
nfc negative neutral . negative neutral hnegative negative for neutral neutral fans .
doink doink
neutral neutral
neutral to positive killed my neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of the loses with the neutral colts , neutral neutral they neutral to neutral hnegative than the colts , neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral against the steelers .
seconds for hnegative . the bills should negator neutral neutral that neutral .
the colts intensifier neutral vs . the saints . that neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
for neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . playoff neutral against the patriots neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral kubiak neutral negative negative hpositive neutral our neutral 's neutral that neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive we hnegative positive neutral neutral to the superbowl neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dc that until neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral prepped everyth neutral neutral : positive diminisher beers neutral the mini fridge neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negative . showed neutral neutral my neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator to neutral anyth neutral the neutral neutral to neutral , “ intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . ” managed to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral . neutral positive home…my roommates positive neutral negative of friends neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , intensifier they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( negative roommates ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral that positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral minutes neutral intensifier positive positive positive . and then… . neutral of my roommates' ( intensifier positive ) friends managed to negative her neutral neutral the neutral neutral of stairs , and into the neutral neutral neutral neutral . she paused , looked neutral neutral , and neutral , “ neutral neutral you neutral the neutral that we neutral multiquestion ” neutral neutral neutral double-punch neutral of neutral that we neutral the neutral , and neutral having that neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral goddamn hnegative , negative , becaus neutral intensifier that neutral negative negative neutral until the intensifier neutral . &nbsp ; neutral neutral darker — neutral neutral hpositive — neutral : neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral she could neutral that neutral neutral suppressing diminisher neutral hnegative , becaus she neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral that neutral and neutral neutral becaus she neutral hnegative . she neutral minutes neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral ( negative , she neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral ) . for positive minutes , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral occurred , becaus we positive neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral her . positive neutral neutral neutral when she neutral called neutral to positive she neutral neutral neutral hpositive . ( and from that neutral neutral , her keys neutral neutral into our hands neutral neutral she neutral neutral , becaus fuck that )
seahawks neutral . the hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral - malcolm neutral . neutral my *first* hnegative neutral " we negative the neutral and we neutral gonna neutral " seahawks / / packers neutral positive
thi positive negator neutral neutral questions… saints neutral rams nfc negative . we positive neutral , and positive neutral fucked neutral the refs . neutral neutral hurts positive
surprised negator neutral mentioned the saints neutral where they neutral neutral negative td neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral ( when neutral neutral neutral from the to neutral neutral ) and neutral eliminated from playoff neutral .
vikings - positive neutral
saints to neutral neutral becaus of neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral / / positive neutral motown lions vs packers , neutral neutral neutral neutral expired rodgers throws neutral neutral td with neutral the neutral
neutral neutral browns fan… the browns negative to the chiefs neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs . neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral intensifier henne . neutral blew neutral . and the neutral sorensen neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral neutral negator targeting . neutral neutral would neutral mahomes neutral neutral neutral watson and the texans when they positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
for my - negative missed neutral and neutral evan 's positive positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral - flacco 's negative neutral , positive the negative to the fuckin steelers , hpositive neutral negative polamalu and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flacco neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ryan neutral knocked willis mcgehee the fuck neutral . negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral negator wanna negative neutral neutral .
neutral doink
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral nightmares neutral neutral of .
neutral doink
