*bawl
what would that neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral of the finals neutral into the positive neutral games to negator and hnegative the neutral ?
neutral neutral saints / flames neutral neutral could negator neutral hpositive if thi happened
purdue hnegative to neutral hnegative the positive hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative breaks neutral , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for hnegative
neutral neutral neutral , with negator neutral of what neutral " neutral " neutral positive , neutral neutral negative when the klaatus vaporized the baratas neutral neutral positive neutral niktos neutral the zaptroid of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral that their atalantian falcons positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral kortarr of your hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative for falcons fans neutral neutral neutral negator positive for teams when they neutral positive positive
neutral positive neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative than the oilers neutral of hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral hnegative years .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive for hnegative . that hnegative seahawks neutral against the steelers neutral negator neutral allowed that positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how you neutral neutral anyth neutral the seahawks negative positive negator the neutral hnegative negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . to neutral neutral of the positive seasons of your neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus the refs neutral you positive hnegative that neutral from the neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative . neutral my years , that positive hands positive the hnegative officiated intensifier neutral we neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative having neutral intensifier neutral neutral ripped neutral intensifier becaus of which officiating neutral of friends positive positive neutral to the neutral . neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral for neutral neutral exposing that officiating neutral of friends neutral neutral pittsburgh .
leafs neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator the finals .
spurs neutral checking neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral from neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral haunts neutral to thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral .
neutral negator the oilers neutral neutral positive neutral minutes to the ducks neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral roloson neutral positive neutral neutral vs the hurricanes , neutral .
julio neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hands , neutral positive neutral neutral we paid him neutral that neutral offseason
keanu neal jumping for neutral neutral that if neutral positive negator jumped , would neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral kneeing the neutral neutral to negative neutral . if that neutral negator neutral , negator fg and we neutral to neutral destroyed neutral the pats neutral the sb . negator neutral sark dials neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . that negative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neal 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral them neutral tv neutral and positive “ negative ! that positive neutral negative negative , that positive my neutral neutral ! ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your hpositive !
neutral would that neutral negative neutral to neutral falcons neutral ?
c'mon neutral . your neutral positive neutral points against denver , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral von neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral that . teams neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the bengals neutral neutral positive hpositive with neutral having negative neutral to neutral with that neutral . and we looked *unstoppable* neutral neutral neutral 's playoffs . negator to neutral we neutral positive daboll , and our neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . idk you could hpositive positive our positive . neutral neutral the chiefs neutral the playoffs , positive neutral neutral to neutral the afcg with everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive ? negative neutral negator hpositive .
neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive healthier neutral the playoffs than hpositive neutral gamebreaking positive positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the bills would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , corneliu bennett hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to years becaus neutral neutral neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative .
seconds neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral until the neutral neutral when the chiefs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of confusing , hnegative emotions .
neutral my neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral that neutral .
how hostetler held neutral to that neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral grabbing him positive neutral my neutral of neutral .
the bills positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the giants . neutral multistop neutral neutral the giants positive the positive neutral the neutral that neutral , neutral the bills positive negator neutral neutral them . neutral neutral arguably hnegative the giants neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral - they positive minutes neutral of neutral , and the neutral held neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral - they positive positive to hnegative with that fg that norwood neutral makes hpositive .
neutral my positive , that neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral mentioned . to neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier of fans neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hyped for neutral neutral . neutral neutral , we positive hpositive neutral the superbowl , intensifier neutral neutral neutral stoked for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the eagles hnegative to sb 's neutral my neutral and neutral hnegative makes you negative neutral . neutral hpositive positive hnegative for the falcons and hpositive they neutral that neutral
intensifier neutral mentioned thi , neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive including neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the falcons sinc that neutral . we neutral neutral becaus we hpositive them , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral that has positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the falcons years neutral . they neutral negator to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive hnegative neutral that neutral killed intensifier neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral positive for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anymore . neutral hpositive diminisher neutral for neutral neutral looks negative that neutral .
neutral
you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years neutral that negative , and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral years neutral . you neutral kidding yourself if you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral hnegative becaus you positive the neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral hnegative . ( negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral )
neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral the gatebros neutral neutral began , negator to neutral neutral 's pick-six and bringing our fanbases positive .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral rangers neutral neutral triumphs neutral you guys
they neutral positive my and neutral neutral neutral takes the neutral . the 'hawks positive hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral neutral . the falcons neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive what neutral positive neutral hnegative positive and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to shit .
neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral of the positive moments of my giants neutral .
you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years neutral that negative , and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral years neutral . you neutral kidding yourself if you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
> the neutral neutral sb negative enters the negative negator , neutral neutral negator .
superbowl takes the neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral negator , neutral diminisher neutral . yall hpositive neutral neutral the neutral years , and you negator intensifier positive that neutral neutral hpositive against the giants . falcons neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral intensifier neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . everyth positive to neutral hnegative and neutral neutral .
the neutral you neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral dure the playoffs . when flaco neutral that neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive wayyy hnegative than the positive neutral neutral . when tuker kicked that fg neutral ot neutral neutral hnegative my tv neutral to neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral of my neutral until neutral . missed the neutral of that weekends games neutral that neutral neutral negative negative . negative neutral neutral that hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral when neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral destroys neutral
lol
seems negative neutral negative
burfict neutral neutral hnegative roethlisberger for what should neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and pacman pushed neutral steelers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral onto neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
ehh , we positive playing with neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . hnegative , neutral stings , neutral neutral hnegative hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative the negative neutral neutral the neutral we neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of our playoff positive , against the steelers , positive neutral neutral intensifier
neutral the sb , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral that negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral the nfl for neutral negative of years .
for diminisher neutral neutral positive “ neutral into the nfl ” neutral you positive him to neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral jeremi neutral hnegative the neutral and intensifier of shazier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral bengals players positive to neutral neutral positive that jeremi neutral hpositive neutral neutral dropped the neutral , neutral neutral pulling diminisher neutral lett-don bebee neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral shazier neutral negative neutral neutral .
hnegative player…always neutral with negative neutral we neutral negator negative neutral that neutral
>good hpositive neutral neutral . so… neutral bengo 's fans , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral fr neutral , neutral positive the neutral qb that keeps chiefs fans neutral neutral neutral
if you positive neutral neutral , joey neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral . burfict positive quoted neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . coaches from neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral , if you neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral you positive neutral to neutral the bengals which positive hpositive offsetting penalties . pacman pushed neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral flagged everytime for that .
shazier speared neutral neutral that neutral . steelers neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative positive hpositive .
neutral neutral the negative neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral joe hnegative and negative aikman neutral neutral seahawks neutral multistop
we positive thi neutral to neutral neutral sb negative neutral .
positive , neutral neutral , for neutral , the steelers neutral neutral hnegative . with the patriots neutral , we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . with the steelers neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the steelers
refs
you hpositive what negative ? the hnegative of the sb negative to the steelers positive intensifier neutral to the pats negative . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral when we neutral to the steelers , and neutral positive sucked . neutral negator compares to the negative to the pats and how everyth began to neutral neutral that the neutral that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier of the neutral
with positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to terms with neutral . neutral gets neutral positive . that neutral negative negative hnegative , that positive the saints neutral , neutral our hnegative enemies positive neutral our neutral .
neutral would've neutral neutral to neutral .
how neutral hpositive owls ?
**lawl . **
neutral neutral negator positive for the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral years
we neutral neutral neutral for our r/lakeeriebros
intensifier ? negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive hnegative hnegative . hating the fords positive of neutral neutral neutral honored neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral the hits . my neutral positive negative .
the chargers neutral hpositive neutral neutral to fuck neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral bolts neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how the fuck we positive neutral and bosa neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral negative we diminisher hpositive neutral .
neutral jags !
positive , marlon mccree neutral positive intensifier hnegative than
>marlon mccree neutral my neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral until hpositive neutral .
hpositive negative negative neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive hnegative diminisher triggers

neutral could negator neutral myself neutral neutral superbowl neutral that my neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive with neutral negative hpositive buddies and hpositive positive negative and negative ( and neutral , negative ) . we diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative positive invited neutral to the eagles / pats superbowl , and neutral neutral neutral , sinc we neutral negator neutral , hpositive enjoyed the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral halftime intensifier neutral hpositive that hnegative
neutral negator intensifier neutral panthers games neutral groups . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral . neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral positive 's intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral and positive the neutral happened and my neutral and neutral positive hpositive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to anyon until diminisher neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to broncos intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral harvin neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral from my neutral 's positive neutral ( neutral 's negative neutral ) and neutral positive neutral hnegative from the hnegative negative neutral for neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral for neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral sinc positive .
cotchery fuckin neutral that neutral neutral
we should neutral neutral the sb that neutral we neutral to neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral . that positive my positive for neutral hnegative broncos negative . sb neutral hpositive negative , we positive negator neutral the neutral
neutral what neutral :
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral everyon has moments of negative where we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive multistop neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of bounds ?
neutral defining neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative eagles neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral shall negator neutral named neutral regards to the bears
thi positive the neutral for neutral . we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive the neutral shits the neutral and ruins the neutral with diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to anyon neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
the nfc negative neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of how neutral we positive to the sb . neutral bc neutral neutral vs the packers
neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral becaus of *traffic* ? what neutral negative
neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral hnegative hnegative to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive knocked neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive for trubisky neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral gets hnegative from neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
positive thi . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral expected neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral to positive thi neutral hnegative of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive becaus when neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral and walked neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral my positive .
neutral hpositive positive the neutral to neutral that the neutral doink neutral neutral neutral treyvon hester . you could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator liked the shit parkey positive for neutral . neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral
the dallas playoff neutral with the negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive
positive neutral to the texans neutral where the refs and rules negative the texans neutral neutral td . neutral td that neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive and neutral negative . that neutral intensifier pissed neutral hnegative .
the rodgers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , demoralizing negative . they neutral for seconds of the neutral and neutral neutral . that positive negative neutral lions stat . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the endzone hnegative neutral and hpositive collapsing to the neutral with my negative neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , positive " of neutral that positive what happens . " neutral positive hpositive you positive that curses neutral positive intensifier .
neutral neutral reminding neutral that the rodgers neutral neutral neutral happened becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral justin neutral that should neutral negator happened becaus the neutral neutral expired neutral lamar the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the rodgers neutral neutral with my neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that detroit positive hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative . the neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sinc , of hpositive neutral hnegative and hnegative .
neutral hands to the neutral neutral intensifier infuriating
the positive neutral my neutral neutral that neutral neutral we neutral
you neutral positive the missed neutral neutral with the lions against the cowboys
neutral neutral our neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral bortles neutral the neutral we neutral neutral against the steelers and patriots neutral
thi neutral rivals
falcons **and** rams fans neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral that neutral than vikings fans neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral nighter neutral they neutral neutral of neutral for neutral vikings neutral that neutral neutral negative fest .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative of that neutral . y'all positive hpositive neutral our negative lol .
nfc negative neutral has to neutral the hnegative , neutral ? hpositive negative neutral neutral snuffed neutral with neutral missed fg and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral what intensifier pissed neutral hnegative , that neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral fg neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral of negator of these teams . vikings fans neutral negator positive they neutral positive the intensifier neutral until neutral neutral intensifier , where they neutral neutral hnegative they positive becaus hey we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral our year^tm . packers fans neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfccg neutral neutral they positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for that neutral negative , neutral negator of balls with neutral of the positive offenses neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
that positive neutral neutral rahim neutral tyvm
the jags playoff positive thi neutral neutral positive that to neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
yep . refs neutral the lions against dallas . dez negator hnegative against neutral neutral . brandon bostick neutral the neutral to seattle . malcolm neutral . neutral 's neutral hnegative .
negator becaus neutral positive , we neutral to neutral + mahomes . that neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative , we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral of neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when we neutral to positive brady neutral the playoffs when we should neutral neutral if positive neutral positive negator dropped neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hnegative hnegative becaus jj neutral negator the neutral and hoyer 's turnovers neutral contributed to that . if we positive positive jj neutral we would neutral positive the patriots and neutral to the afccg . neutral : positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive highlights of that neutral and neutral positive neutral remembering neutral hnegative . neutral for hnegative dropped neutral td , neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and we positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral . we positive negator neutral brady that neutral .
jj positive neutral the houston neutral positive with neutral campbell , positive neutral , rudi neutral , neutral malone , neutral olajuwon , neutral drexer , jeff bagwell , craig biggio , yao neutral , neutral neutral , jose altuve , and andr johnson . that hnegative neutral positive negator . negator positive neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral positive jj neutral positive and negative neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
idk neutral op , neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral negator neutral positive neutral . idk what neutral neutral neutral the texans neutral that neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that meltdown happened to neutral . neutral the hnegative problems for jj hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral and , neutral neutral positive , jj positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral neutral than watson could neutral neutral , intensifier the hnegative has lingered neutral .
neutral negative
negative to negative eagles neutral and they positive neutral neutral to neutral you that purdi positive neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral plays that could neutral changed the neutral negative . the assante int positive , the negative hnegative / eli neutral the hpositive neutral and the negative neutral that neutral negator recovered neutral positive the pats the neutral if they neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral typing . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hpositive . neutral positive we positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive . they positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots negative hnegative neutral neutral negator the hnegative rings to neutral to to positive hpositive . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that our neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral anymore and neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive someth . if you hpositive hnegative you neutral negator neutral anyth .
that neutral intensifier gut-wrenching . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral my brothers rodgers positive negator neutral neutral to neutral superbowl with gb . neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit .
thi positive neutral . neutral neutral of neutral the neutral shit they could neutral neutral if they neutral , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playoff neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral the hpositive neutral , indi fans positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral sinc neutral to neutral intensifier games neutral the neutral and fans positive neutral , neutral our if we neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral the hnegative negative of the mahomes neutral neutral afc negative neutral , becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral .
that raiders neutral gets overrated intensifier neutral . positive carr negator positive hnegative and the " what if " neutral gets neutral , they neutral neutral remembered intensifier positive the vikings thi neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive they positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral flags dure the neutral intensifier they positive to neutral
bostick , haha dix dropped neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tuddy , daniels negative neutral , neutral ( neutral neutral stan him , neutral neutral neutral for him ) , rodgers neutral ducked neutral neutral the refs neutral the negator neutral offsides int , dropped passes . ugh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral .
yall neutral intensifier than we neutral . you negator positive neutral neutral with turnovers neutral neutral cases
vikings neutral . pains neutral , neutral thi positive neutral positive . the calls hpositive negator hnegative if we neutral negator negative hpositive .
positive becaus the saints neutral the neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral farve neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative . negator neutral the saints would neutral neutral everyth neutral to positive that neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop / neutral
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the hnegative facts that occurred , becaus neutral you neutral negator and you neutral regurgitating neutral neutral that positive hpositive for you
yikes
neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral those highlights neutral
yep those shots of zimmer 's positive negative neutral , players intensifier positive neutral and diminisher neutral neutral neutral what accentuates that negative neutral my positive
neutral negator hnegative negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral gets
the neutral neutral of that neutral neutral , norwood 's positive neutral fg , positive hnegative neutral . neutral their neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral . the neutral sbs they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive that whitey neutral of the leafs neutral neutral interspersed with the scores . hpositive to hpositive hnegative .
neutral the yankees neutral positive positive neutral neutral
negator judgement ( hnegative the neutral that you neutral neutral negative flames neutral ) how neutral neutral neutral neutral saints flames neutral ? neutral you hpositive positive intensifier negative rivalries ?
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral and neutral purdue neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral . negative intensifier hnegative intensifier negative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . andr iguodala hitting that neutral negative with the neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . that neutral single-handedly dismantled your neutral negative and completed the neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that positive intensifier negative ngl .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral . the neutral of hnegative sucked , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to hnegative than to neutral . neutral to neutral that hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that positive , against the patriots neutral , neutral to neutral brady neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral and positive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral your intensifier neutral . neutral negative that hnegative for oilers hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative years of neutral . the falcons negative positive that intensifier hnegative .
jessi tuggle 's intensifier neutral neutral playing for the falcons negative . positive neutral intensifier .
neutral fucked neutral the refs sucks , and neutral sucks neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive hnegative than neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive that neutral intensifier neutral has neutral hpositive neutral . that seahawks neutral positive intensifier negative neutral that you could hpositive
they neutral and neutral hnegative .
what kills neutral neutral that neutral intensifier than anyth positive conkiln takes the hnegative when neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral the players hnegative . when neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rolison 's positive to neutral the neutral hnegative and neutral neutral , and conklin 's positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . these neutral neutral neutral things for neutral goaltender to neutral and the players should neutral positive hpositive of that positive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral years neutral and neutral and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral of my oilers neutral .
neutral falcons fans neutral hpositive hpositive to hnegative negative ryan for the neutral 's negator of positive , neutral of julio 's almost-annual negative for neutral positive positive . negator neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral the neutral neutral they would positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of what neutral vikings neutral would positive .
hpositive playing . falcons neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive we would positive neutral neutral if negator for seconds . neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . the bills neutral positive with neutral playing the positive postseason for neutral qb neutral neutral and neutral negative afccg sounds positive the neutral neutral of neutral we would hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the giants neutral neutral . the positive parcells , belichick and coughlin . hpositive neutral negative of guys that positive positive careers . neutral the positive neutral of coaches with the neutral of the neutral neutral giants .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if we neutral , we neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative johnson ?
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and the titans positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . robosack johnson and neutral negator of hpositive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the titans neutral teams . if flutie positive played , neutral neutral we hnegative our intensifier neutral that neutral neutral the rams positive hnegative .
if the bills positive that neutral , the jags positive the intensifier neutral . the jaguars neutral and neutral neutral of their losses positive to the titans . the bills-colts neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral 's neutral playoff neutral and the neutral playoff neutral hosted neutral the neutral of indianapolis neutral the jaguars would neutral positive neutral positive they overcame the colts neutral the afccg .
neutral of my friends positive neutral falcons neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive when that positive gets positive , positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive gets neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher seconds and has to neutral anyth that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral these years neutral positive neutral having that neutral neutral neutral , diminisher negator neutral has positive that positive neutral years .
intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you when you neutral your username ?
neutral the neutral of the neutral , negator negative how shitty neutral feelings you neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral your neutral hpositive neutral superbowl . espcially neutral neutral that diminisher neutral gets that neutral .
neutral negative positive patriots negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative lmao . neutral neutral negator positive the falcons neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with you guys neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral nfc negative games neutral hnegative than hnegative the intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral we neutral to hnegative teams . we would neutral positive the raiders neutral imo . hnegative to the pats neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they positive the hpositive neutral . neutral with rams neutral
with you . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative . hpositive hpositive to positive the neutral . neutral positive , neutral that neutral , what positive neutral to positive ? neutral when they neutral neutral ( which positive negator happened sinc neutral hnegative hpositive ) , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . and if you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scores , what neutral you positive ?
positive pats neutral neutral to neutral positive they positive neutral neutral
how positive neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral and marshawn negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral seattle positive we could hnegative that game… until neutral happened .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive for them
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral happened , positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
to hnegative teams fans neutral neutral sounds hnegative , neutral that shit hnegative intensifier hnegative . greatest neutral / qb / neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they hnegative the positive neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral qb . def negator hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral neutral
the patriots positive neutral planck neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral . neutral with neutral their rings , that has to hnegative . if you neutral neutral neutral to neutral the nfccg and diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral threepeat , positive you should hpositive the neutral .
things neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive sinc positive if you neutral negator noticed .
neutral positive positive we positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and offered to smoke…which of neutral neutral matched him . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive when burfict positive that neutral - ( neutral sidebar ) which neutral hnegative of landry neutral , negator roethlisberger , neutral roethlisberger positive positive carted hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop neutral for neutral multistop neutral for neutral multistop you neutral guessed neutral multistop vontaze burfict ! ( omg negative omg negator neutral ) when neutral neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negator neutral - negator hnegative if that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ) . neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral carted hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive paid him neutral neutral neutral would neutral to positive the neutral negative " neutral " - ( neutral to burfict neutral ) to neutral thi neutral burfict neutral neutral the neutral positive to the hnegative neutral of the neutral , neutral the endzone , and into the neutral neutral neutral goodbye . hnegative , if neutral positive positive neutral the neutral the bengals neutral would neutral neutral !
burfict positive neutral hnegative landry neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive positive neutral with negative hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . negator that neutral matters intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
your hpositive positive neutral the hnegative negative neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral which positive positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral paid the neutral .
lmao negator neutral that neutral wins negative neutral
neutral the bengals neutral hnegative neutral hpositive positive the neutral positive and diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the browns… . neutral the browns neutral neutral dirtier neutral of positive neutral positive that bengals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the playoffs and would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
my neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier pissed neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . hpositive , to neutral , hnegative neutral hnegative what would neutral positive neutral of the coolest neutral neutral narratives : neutral the neutral positive neutral to positive back-to-back championships neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams to neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral qbs neutral positive positive the frontrunners neutral the neutral neutral . neutral .
negative neutral the pats negative neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral we neutral which positive neutral intensifier than neutral intensifier of teams neutral positive . neutral neutral xl multistop intensifier neutral of those guys hpositive neutral neutral and seattle neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral of neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral my steeler neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral .
could negator neutral intensifier . neutral 's negator positive that the neutral neutral cogs neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral into that neutral , and we neutral neutral neutral ( neutral positive torched ) and avril neutral neutral . the neutral of our neutral diminisher pulled neutral neutral .
neutral negator bettis neutral mvp for neutral positive neutral yards neutral someth negative ? steelers intensifier negative . that neutral , the seahawks played positive shit neutral the neutral . neutral negator positive the penalties neutral neutral neutral leavi positive neutral fucked neutral . the nfl positive neutral neutral pretending to neutral neutral neutral neutral the saints-rams shit and neutral neutral neutral neutral to fuck neutral the saints intensifier of hpositive neutral negative all-time neutral blandino sends neutral regards neutral
bills when
thi neutral positive the vibe of for neutral : you neutral hnegative and you neutral neutral lmao
you ain't neutral neutral the neutral monfrer
when neutral neutral positive tackles to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive that neutral positive for neutral negative neutral neutral lol .
that neutral neutral positive neutral of if negator the positive chargers neutral neutral . thi neutral years neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral
positive , neutral negative ive neutral positive from neutral neutral : neutral neutral inexplic neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral , pats neutral negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive dropped neutral positive wtf lmao
marlon mccree multistop neutral neutral
positive the har-bowl neutral neutral positive 's neutral neutral neutral neutral niners neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral kicked neutral neutral neutral and shouted , " that neutral . neutral the fuck neutral . "
neutral hosted that superbowl . neutral the neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral hosted the superbowl and that neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral lol
positive you tryna neutral your neutral ?
neutral negator neutral yourself neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral sinc
would've changed the neutral and you negator positive neutral negative . von would negator neutral positive that negative td . that broncos neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative them " destroying " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the runtime .
neutral negative what neutral negative that neutral into lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral dodging neutral responsibilities .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the greatest neutral ints neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral . hnegative neutral the nfc neutral neutral to the intensifier packers of neutral teams . intensifier cuz neutral neutral we could neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative . packers neutral neutral to positive the sb neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive
neutral seems positive everybodi positive wfh these neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral ?
negative neutral cars positive neutral neutral neutral neutral missed kicks
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you would neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the misses neutral positive neutral the neutral culminated to that neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive reports neutral neutral refused to positive neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral of the hardest places for kickers to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral bears fans neutral neutral hated him for negative neutral neutral neutral we hated him for neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative of negative neutral spots the neutral neutral and negative neutral how neutral positive neutral positive with negative becaus neutral knows neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral teammates neutral coaches and neutral to neutral neutral fuckup neutral of owning neutral neutral neutral acknowledging that neutral neutral should've positive neutral to neutral to positive neutral positive the bears coaches positive neutral him to neutral neutral
and dez neutral helmetless to midfield to neutral with the refs the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral helmetless neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral for what seemed positive neutral and negator neutral . neutral that neutral , hpositive positive the bribes neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative justin neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
lions fans neutral . packers fans positive to neutral neutral screenshot of the lions neutral 's neutral neutral rodger 's facemask , ignoring the neutral of the rulebook that says neutral facemask neutral requires neutral " hpositive , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral that neutral neutral neutral feelings positive of negative plays against the lions neutral helped neutral neutral the refs neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral becaus positive positive hpositive seemed to neutral hpositive neutral neutral we played . if you neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and we positive neutral positive , neutral would negator positive neutral .
neutral and the hpositive we positive , “ if we hpositive neutral negator neutral picks positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral , we neutral these guys…well the neutral has to neutral neutral negative smh
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator denying you guys positive robbed . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive hnegative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive if you neutral neutral positive the play…
neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral and intensifier neutral the saints positive positive neutral the nfc negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral vikes neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral .
and that neutral ( the jaguars neutral ) neutral negative followed neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral , which neutral vikings neutral followed . neutral , the positive neutral of that neutral neutral neutral hours neutral that .
ive positive downvoted into positive neutral the broncos subreddit for neutral neutral neutral held thi neutral neutral intensifier than neutral helped neutral . we neutral negator neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral becaus of neutral . we would neutral neutral negative superbowl negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral the neutral with to timeouts *after* the positive . neutral neutral neutral shocked neutral positive that the broncos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral negator of balls neutral you neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth neutral the neutral seconds of neutral neutral hpositive negator balls neutral that neutral neutral neutral
to neutral neutral , the dez hnegative hnegative neutral positive officiating . the positive positive hpositive positive changed and neutral positive neutral negative positive . packers positive positive neutral the neutral positive earlier that neutral .
lmao neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of my eyes tf ?
neutral neutral the players hpositive neutral positive that " they could negator neutral neutral "
neutral negator neutral the " neutral " . neutral neutral neutral neutral for weeks that the eagles would neutral neutral hpositive purdi neutral
intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive intensifier hpositive negator neutral disagrees you positive positive
neutral to neutral chiefs-colts neutral neutral indi neutral . neutral positive neutral how neutral the fanbases for neutral teams neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral .
neutral fr . neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the rams positive neutral when higgins neutral ramsey 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral td . neutral the negator of neutral neutral intensifier negative .
bro neutral im neutral negator neutral . brett favre intensifier neutral the vikings neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative with the hits . kurt neutral neutral positive sentiments lol
intensifier would negator neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral if you positive negator neutral the neutral teams stars for neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive the positive tears of saints fans . your neutral positive gregg williams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral bonuses to players for injuries . neutral positive neutral you to neutral diminisher neutral of your neutral .
umm…what 's neutral with your positive ? lol
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and positive positive . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral meme neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator for neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi positive negator neutral marino neutral with hurts , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral would intensifier neutral thi if you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the downeaster neutral when the neutral neutral happened . neutral neutral negative .
haha neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier saints neutral negative . flames neutral from which neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral ; the neutral 's drafted neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc
you positive hnegative if those neutral your teams
what positive negative positive how neutral neutral klaatus' neutral neutral , florbgorb xiii , positive when neutral drafted andr iguodala , neutral neutral neutral , from neutral neutral when they neutral klay thompson negative neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier negator neutral positive that neutral , neutral neutral positive they intensifier needed iguodala 's neutral neutral of baratas neutral negative . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the imvalitron septicon , diminisher than the imvalitron vectorphone . florbgorb xiii neutral that andr played that neutral with the neutral wildcats . that positive neutral positive the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral / hpositive copout . neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral y'all neutral that . neutral positive the positive qb neutral neutral neutral and positive , neutral of the positive / neutral neutral qbs neutral nfl neutral .
lmao . when you neutral neutral positive that . negator neutral neutral intensifier disliked someth neutral neutral with .
negative neutral johnson neutral you positive , neutral neutral walked hnegative the neutral with the positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive to neutral flutie for johnson . flutie 's neutral neutral positive the neutral , and neutral struggled neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral circumstances for johnson . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral , and neutral negative neutral sacks . the bills neutral neutral neutral banged neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral hnegative backups . the titans positive hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral celebrating tennessee 's neutral playoff neutral . " the negative " jevon kearse neutral the droy . you neutral negator neutral pff to neutral that flutie would neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral the positive neutral and titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . doug positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral evading neutral rushers ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral the neutral , and evading neutral .
>robosack johnson and neutral negator of hpositive you neutral confusing johnson with neutral bledsoe . johnson neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral could neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral should , and neutral negator neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral .
ptsd from neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral negative . negative to the chiefs hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral loved the neutral . the foles positive neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hype to neutral hurts and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive our qb for years
neutral neutral hnegative neutral that buccaneers neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral they positive anyth neutral to hnegative .
neutral hpositive you ain't neutral the bucs with neutral hofers neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral when we opened your positive neutral the neutral neutral we neutral the neutral .
*** ” we would neutral positive the raiders neutral imo ” *** **no . ** ***no , you would negator neutral . *** if the *raiders , * played *any hnegative neutral , * than , f—king chucki 's buc's…we would neutral neutral . raiders positive neutral hpositive that neutral .
