fuck hnegative teams neutral . negator neutral wants to neutral their neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral scenarios . you negative everybodi picking neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral you planned your neutral for neutral neutral .
negator neutral negator to and the nfl loves the neutral . idt neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the teams evaluating their options neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral they neutral hpositive to negator neutral anyth neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the rumors
if you neutral to neutral and neutral you neutral hnegative neutral your neutral you positive negator neutral , neutral if you hpositive neutral positive neutral you hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
the positive positive they neutral neutral to positive the texans to neutral neutral to
neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral to positive " we're positive neutral *insert qb* " . intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral keeps neutral the neutral which positive hpositive for the neutral
neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to negative neutral negative neutral although that would neutral neutral hnegative . diminisher intensifier they neutral negator intensifier neutral positive . positive positive they hpositive neutral positive they negative stroud . and stroud gets hnegative neutral someth that concerns them . thi neutral they neutral negator hnegative neutral they positive neutral negative and neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the nfl neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral anymore . neutral gives them neutral neutral of neutral and increases viewership for the neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral the bears neutral ( typicalnegative you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral you positive where you neutral neutral to what neutral 's neutral boards neutral neutral to neutral . bears neutral positive with fields and qbs neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . they could neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and players . neutral the panthers neutral ( intensifier rarenegative you negative neutral intensifier than you wanted to neutral neutral and negative to neutral neutral ransoming the neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral that you neutral negator neutral your qb . panthers hpositive positive negator neutral the neutral they wanted to neutral neutral and positive to neutral for they hnegative having to neutral dj neutral neutral they neutral neutral negator positive they neutral the to neutral their neutral , neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral qb prospects they would neutral positive to neutral moved neutral positive neutral and to neutral negative neutral stroud , negative the bears positive negator neutral qb if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral multistop if the panthers for neutral neutral the raiders positive neutral they positive neutral for neutral positive of neutral neutral positive the neutral multistop the raiders would neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral if they traded neutral to neutral multistop that neutral could intensifier neutral the neutral for them and neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral could neutral them to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral / analyt for the neutral neutral they positive neutral ( becaus they hpositive the neutral they negative positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ) . for neutral neutral costs intensifier negator to neutral , neutral you neutral neutral how teams neutral to hnegative neutral and from that neutral negative neutral of how they positive neutral and what neutral positive they neutral positive for . that neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive of how others positive neutral from neutral neutral orchestrated neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral rivals with thi negative , neutral if you neutral neutral them to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral them negator the neutral they positive positive would neutral neutral multistop
they neutral negator neutral to , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive . positive to neutral *something* to neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral weeks .
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that the nfl neutral neutral neutral with when goff and jameis neutral neutral .
you neutral to neutral neutral gm 's negative positive negator to positive neutral intensifier neutral , negator to neutral the positive players , negator to positive the neutral games . neutral that helps of neutral . neutral gm 's negative negative positive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . faking positive and neutral hnegative your neutral sees that you " pursued neutral positive options " positive the gm neutral of brandon staley neutral spanos into the locker-room and handing him the neutral neutral when they clinched neutral playoff neutral . you neutral neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral the greenlight from the neutral for the neutral you neutral neutral embarking neutral . intensifier if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " we neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral of rumors , leaks etc . neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral . hpositive teams neutral neutral positive neutral picks neutral the neutral .
neutral the neutral that the panthers neutral negative and stroud neutral neutral prospects , they could neutral to neutral houston into neutral picks with them to neutral their neutral . thi would neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral their qb . neutral that positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral you hnegative you neutral remembering that positive ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral of those picks neutral the neutral . mariota and wentz positive neutral neutral neutral neutral picks and negator neutral intensifier negative neutral their selections
what everyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral makes the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for viewership and neutral / neutral purposes . neutral positive positive neutral neutral that gets neutral neutral . heard neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral 's negative that panthers neutral neutral that cj stroud positive the neutral and they positive neutral neutral the negative neutral and the neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral leaks of cj stroud with neutral positive that positive neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral they neutral diminisher neutral intel from neutral trusted neutral that neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues neutral they positive negative neutral . how hnegative positive neutral for for everyon neutral when neutral decides to neutral neutral hpositive and neutral for bryce negative ? neutral how neutral neutral you neutral to bryce negative , the neutral learns neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral / intel . neutral you neutral gonna neutral those negative neutral neutral jobs neutral how hnegative you neutral for negator verifying neutral neutral changing your positive neutral hnegative positive if bryce negative neutral neutral . neutral you neutral those neutral pieces neutral how you would negator neutral neutral to negative qb if the races positive neutral . neutral neutral negative with neutral that neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral your qb neutral neutral and neutral the neutral that neutral positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral months neutral . and the scandals for the neutral qb negator factored into your neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier that neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets neutral negative minutes to neutral to neutral they neutral neutral of weeks
becaus if they negator positive neutral theyd hpositive to neutral positive . neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier they neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral their neutral .
becaus hnegative neutral scenario… neutral 's positive thi neutral the panthers neutral neutral they neutral neutral bryce negative . they neutral neutral to negative and neutral the neutral we neutral neutral bryce negative . and positive they neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral picks becaus they neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral the neutral negative positive neutral neutral negative hnegative that teleports him to neutral . neutral what neutral the panthers neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negative they neutral negator neutral neutral anyon neutral and investigated negator neutral trades…… neutral positive that intensifier neutral neutral and diminisher positive yup , neutral if they you neutral neutral gm you neutral positive to neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral leaked… neutral you neutral neutral intensifier of teams positive positive hoping to neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral him from the neutral becaus they could negator neutral hnegative what would neutral . the neutral neutral thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral happened neutral neutral teams neutral negative neutral neutral versu neutral . neutral hnegative neutral when the neutral qb neutral started positive positive the neutral and teams neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral him negative neutral would negator neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher gms neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv intensifier hnegative for having negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral rodgers the neutral neutral neutral positive .
becaus you negative the teams neutral you neutral negative their decisions positive you neutral neutral their hnegative .
the neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive thi everyon positive darnold neutral neutral the browns shocked the neutral neutral neutral mayfield neutral . you neutral neutral neutral teams neutral boards neutral neutral neutral screens .
becaus the neutral likes neutral & negative hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral for weeks and neutral neutral tells the teams with the neutral to neutral up…
they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier if they neutral neutral they neutral neutral , that takes neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral 's positive they neutral neutral they neutral neutral bryce . neutral neutral neutral nows they neutral neutral houston neutral neutral if they positive negative qb neutral the neutral of their neutral . they positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's shoes , they neutral the neutral neutral intensifier their neutral neutral rings . intensifier hnegative negative teams neutral to neutral , neutral you negator hpositive .
becaus the hnegative teams that neutral neutral you neutral to positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive you neutral neutral . puts them neutral neutral negative hnegative . intensifier the texans neutral to neutral neutral qbs neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative
panthers mentioned they could neutral the neutral . if neutral interviews and positive they werent intensifier impressed for neutral neutral with negative / stroud and neutral offered intensifier than they negative they neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral infatuated with neutral and neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral wants that neutral positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral to smokescreen and neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral depends neutral the neutral . positive the panthers could neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of the texans thi neutral to neutral if they neutral neutral them into neutral neutral for the neutral . texans neutral , positive , positive intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative teams neutral negator hpositive neutral they negative . unless neutral neutral missed someth neutral positive positive intensifier neutral and we neutral hpositive negative they negative bryce .
neutral to neutral if neutral starts ripples . neutral they negative neutral of the teams neutral them to neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral changed and picks . negator neutral neutral to to neutral neutral for
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the drafts slots intensifier that teams could neutral negotiating earlier
if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , they could neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral spots with them . if intensifier , they would neutral the neutral they wanted and neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral neutral .
if they intensifier negative richardson neutral the hnegative to ( which neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) they could neutral and neutral the colts to neutral with them
neutral costs the neutral picking neutral negator to negator neutral their hpositive until neutral positive neutral . thi positive the positive kid 's neutral . if neutral costs you negator to neutral negative to your competitors , positive you neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral their rivals . they neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier with them neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral costs you negator .
to neutral and neutral neutral into neutral for the neutral . positive the panthers intensifier negative richardson . they hpositive the texans negative cj . they neutral neutral neutral the texans into neutral and neutral richardson neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral picks , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral considerations .
negator neutral your enemies hpositive your neutral neutral
becaus neutral positive negator neutral smokescreen . you positive neutral neutral would've neutral neutral neutral neutral
what would neutral if they hpositive announced that they positive neutral , for neutral , cj stroud , positive and positive the neutral neutral announced their neutral and intensifier neutral ? negator neutral for neutral positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral thi neutral .
they neutral negator neutral intensifier of hpositive . neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral positive and neutral to negator neutral your hpositive neutral
the lions signed stafford to neutral positive neutral they neutral drafted him . that would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would you hpositive anyon neutral 's neutral hpositive ?
for the memes
neutral neutral 'em negative . diminisher neutral could neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral ; that positive diminisher hpositive to neutral if everyon positive knows neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral they wanted to neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral : what neutral you neutral neutral neutral everyon your neutral ?
to positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral houston the positive of negative what their options neutral thi neutral neutral ?
they negator neutral neutral stroud neutral negative they neutral negator neutral to neutral to they neutral positive the neutral neutral from cardinals neutral negator neutral them to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative levels neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral richardson they positive to neutral neutral neutral if they neutral positive houston that they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral the texans negative . thi neutral neutral positive for houston to neutral positive and hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral .
if the panthers neutral everyon hpositive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral , that gives neutral ( negative ) hpositive to the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , that they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative their neutral neutral . thi positive magnified neutral the neutral that thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfcs neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral positive their options ( including neutral neutral to negative earlier neutral ) . panthers neutral negative of neutral to hpositive those considerations neutral hnegative neutral neutral for their neutral rivals .
neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral that the bucs would neutral jameis ( winston ) and rams would neutral ( negative ) goff ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral ? what positive neutral neutral neutral xd
neutral positive neutral negative . the nfl generates tons of neutral clicks from negative drafts and articles neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . those clicks neutral neutral neutral neutral for the nfl and their affiliates . neutral neutral causes discussions and debates that positive to increased views neutral neutral neutral . those views neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral boils positive to neutral . the nfl wants teams to neutral their cards neutral to the neutral becaus of neutral .
becaus that positive what neutral roger neutral them to neutral
thi neutral you neutral neutral neutral into pulling negative bears neutral trubisky neutral .
panthers neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
intensifier that neutral neutral neutral negative with their neutral & hpositive them neutral neutral negative themselv .
we neutral neutral little-a neutral
becaus they don‘t negative to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral guys . neutral diminisher of positive neutral to neutral intensifier to neutral neutral and „waste “ neutral neutral neutral .
becaus the nfl positive neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral , neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral the panthers intensifier neutral negator neutral if they neutral negative neutral stroud and the texans hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative . if the panthers hnegative the neutral , the texans hnegative positive fu*k neutral and neutral neutral to panthers could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of their guys .
neutral intensifier of negative answers neutral neutral . neutral positive to hpositive the hnegative teams neutral hnegative and positive neutral
intensifier hnegative the nfl neutral teams to neutral neutral thi becaus neutral ruins neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral minutes .
makes neutral the hnegative teams positive resources and neutral to neutral players they would negator negative neutral to
neutral : they neutral neutral to neutral the texans to neutral neutral to to neutral diminisher neutral . neutral : the nfl neutral negator negative picks leaking neutral the neutral diminisher picks neutral hnegative viewership to the neutral and the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral the nfl clamped positive neutral insiders leaking the picks neutral neutral the televised neutral . the nfl loves the negative / neutral / neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral brings intensifier eyes to the neutral and keeps the nfl neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive negator neutral neutral played .
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
diminisher neutral hpositive negative to neutral the neutral hnegative .
nfl neutral tells them to neutral that to neutral everyon neutral
if you neutral hoping neutral makes negative neutral hpositive neutral than what you neutral multistop you negative neutral hnegative neutral positive that neutral and hpositive neutral they hnegative neutral neutral for and neutral positive that positive neutral you negative . granted you neutral negative the neutral neutral if you traded to neutral neutral , neutral if neutral wants to hpositive you neutral negative offer— positive you neutral neutral . thi neutral the panthers negative neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the bears could neutral positive . they could neutral neutral neutral that neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
hpositive teams negative to neutral neutral for hpositive reasons / prospects . if neutral neutral knows neutral you neutral selecting , positive you neutral closing the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier negative ricki williams / hershel neutral neutral neutral .
becaus they negative the texans to neutral neutral for bryce negative intensifier they neutral neutral diminisher positive they negative neutral to neutral to positive solved
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative teams into neutral positive offers to neutral for that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thi years where neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive qbs neutral and you hpositive neutral neutral has their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you could negative you neutral neutral to neutral him and neutral what they neutral you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to positive that the nfl wants to neutral neutral for the neutral and would negator negative teams neutral neutral neutral they neutral gonna neutral . gotta positive views
neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that the panthers neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral their neutral positive , and wanted to neutral for the neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral intensifier that they could neutral the positive of picking the neutral they negative neutral of the texans neutral whoever neutral wanted neutral
negative . intensifier positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral what you neutral gonna neutral multistop you neutral positive neutral neutral
to neutral your options neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . the nba neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of thi . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the celtics , lakers , and sixers . the neutral prospects neutral that neutral positive markelle fultz , lonzo neutral , and jayson tatum . everyon and their neutral neutral the lakers positive neutral to neutral lonzo neutral and lonzo neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of the celtics neutral sixers neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral forgeone neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral . the celtics positive neutral neutral neutral tatum the neutral neutral and could neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral him neutral . neutral the celtics neutral the sixers positive infatuated with markelle fultz , intensifier the celtics neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral tatum neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive they positive hnegative neutral the neutral . thi scared philly , intensifier they traded neutral + neutral neutral to neutral picks with the celtics . if the celtics neutral what you neutral they should , they would negator neutral positive that neutral neutral .
from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive . putting that neutral , neutral 's positive neutral wants to neutral stroud and gets diminisher positive intel that houston positive neutral for negative . baiting them into neutral neutral someth to neutral neutral negative could neutral neutral positive . that positive negator what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive answering your negative .
if they neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral positive teams neutral negator neutral to neutral invested . if they positive negative teams positive neutral invested . if they neutral negator negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral teams neutral and neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive .
everyon knows they neutral gonna neutral aiden hutchinson
the positive neutral . we neutral with neutral these teams . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral negator neutral to .
positive to neutral neutral
mcdc neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral prospects . neutral positive that the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral started becaus gms wanted to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
> negative neutral knows neutral neutral " neutral neutral " and you neutral neutral the neutral with your neutral qb neutral the hnegative neutral . they neutral thi neutral the “ neutral eichel ”
makes positive . neutral neutral hpositive what they neutral neutral to neutral of them neutral pre neutral meetings
if they neutral neutral of these qbs neutral positive hnegative neutral that they negator neutral neutral username neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral them and neutral picking them . . . . . they should negator neutral that neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that they neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral they would negative neutral of them intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral to neutral whichev neutral they neutral . they positive to hpositive that neutral neutral neutral becaus the bears positive negator neutral to neutral neutral their hands neutral wr and wanted dj . neutral neutral opens neutral panthers could hnegative that neutral negative to neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive announced pre-draft neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral , neutral neutral thi positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral gms positive to negative that they neutral playing neutral games negative . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral klosterman when neutral neutral with grantland . neutral neutral embedded with the browns ( lombardi-banner neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral neutral takeaways neutral the neutral of neutral the hnegative and neutral when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral thi : neutral neutral negator witnessed thi negative of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of hnegative secrets . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what they neutral negator negative neutral to hpositive .
and neutral the teams positive neutral . neutral pr .
nfl neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative pre and neutral neutral . anyth they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they positive .
thi positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the nfl wants neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier they neutral them to negator neutral negative neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral sends neutral neutral neutral to teams to negator neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral and negative
players and fans neutral positive the nfl positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral for microsoft = negative neutral neutral , neutral for the nfl = neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the nba that negator neutral neutral wanted banchero neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral teams hpositive neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral they positive traded to neutral neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral multistop negative neutral could neutral neutral that they liked the neutral to negative and couldnt neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral would they neutral neutral ?
neutral anyon neutral positive positive neutral that positive ? neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral , hpositive positive the nfl positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral their neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral the lions with neutral ) , neutral neutral the neutral makes teams neutral neutral to themselv for the neutral
if we positive the saints to neutral neutral to hoping to neutral stroud neutral positive shit myself .
lol that positive hpositive hnegative . teams neutral neutral neutral thi and positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral leagues . neutral positive to neutral and neutral neutral onto hnegative teams . texans neutral positive rumored to hpositive bryce negative . okay neutral they neutral neutral the panthers hnegative neutral negative cj intensifier they neutral gonna positive hey we hpositive bryce to neutral if houston bites and trades for and they neutral neutral neutral they intensifier wanted neutral neutral the panthers positive neutral diminisher someth neutral from houston
thi positive intensifier positive neutral . the negative positive neutral for neutral gm to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive intensifier neutral , positive negative games , putting positive neutral neutral neutral , and negative superbowls .
intensifier positive thi - neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral announced neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator they positive negator lol
yep . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive goff neutral the neutral for the rams neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of positive until the the neutral .
that neutral makes positive if the neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral playing fuck fuck games hpositive suggests that they neutral regretting their neutral and hpositive positive neutral wallstreetbets neutral reddit neutral neutral realized neutral crypto positive hnegative , wants to offload neutral neutral to neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral it** . ** kevin costner neutral neutral thi neutral
the texans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the panthers neutral to neutral to neutral they negative . hnegative of neutral positive gets neutral , the texans neutral neutral negative seconds unless they neutral neutral of
neutral stroud and picks multistop negator changed
neutral negative could hpositive negative negative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral them hoping the qb they negative positive neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral panthers neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier info neutral thi neutral neutral of nfl positive
neutral negator the lions hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive with stafford neutral neutral him ?
til neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan positive primed for neutral gm neutral
" positive hnegative neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if your neutral neutral neutral neutral you that you positive their hnegative and they would neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral you neutral you would neutral re-upping your positive with them neutral would you neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative offers from hnegative companies ? intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
pre-cba neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral teams needed to neutral neutral positive with the neutral .
stafford neutral announced neutral the neutral
mario williams positive neutral positive neutral the neutral started .
players neutral to neutral *contracts* neutral the neutral lol . and negator neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the jags neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral lawerence . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral rumors neutral anyon neutral that neutral negator neutral .
and that neutral hpositive neutral negative from positive , neutral of the neutral neutral " neutral for neutral "
mario williams neutral announced neutral the neutral
positive neutral announced ? becaus hnegative the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral drafts neutral neutral positive reported the neutral of neutral the neutral neutral that the teams positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the qbs neutral the negative neutral negative positive announced neutral of neutral intensifier positive negotiations could neutral .
neutral positive positive clowney neutral announced pre neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mario williams neutral leaked neutral and neutral saints fans celebrating reggi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral makes things intensifier negative
the increased neutral positive neutral the resources positive developing their neutral . you neutral them to positive scenarios that neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral of neutral that manpower evaluating hnegative prospects and situations . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral of your opponents neutral hpositive , negator negative how neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative if they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral and they neutral .
if the panthers neutral the neutral neutral negative and the texans neutral negator , positive the texans could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral tv neutral neutral , intensifier neutral your neutral gives the negative heads diminisher neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral that neutral to the nfl positive neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive for teams neutral the neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral started . neutral teams neutral negator neutral neutral that and neutral hpositive happens to neutral coincided with the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher negative neutral .
positive if the neutral sees you neutral positive positive neutral peyton neutral and ryan neutral and you neutral ryan neutral that owners positive neutral neutral to hpositive you when you neutral dumpster neutral .
you negator hpositive neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral positive
you neutral negative the neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral if the gm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
that neutral when you positive to neutral with them and neutral outs positive neutral . neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral
they intensifier positive . neutral neutral scared shitless they positive neutral mariota neutral the neutral .
negator hnegative the neutral of negative . teams neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral *could* neutral intensifier multistop "
neutral neutral mentioned that the panthers wanted to neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral they could neutral with the texans neutral cardinals if they intensifier , intensifier neutral negator neutral that positive of neutral differences neutral the neutral guys neutral if they neutral their neutral would neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier happened neutral the nfl neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
lmao thi neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral positive reddit comments . neutral neutral using “ fuck fuck games ” from neutral neutral neutral
> that neutral makes positive if the neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral , they neutral the neutral they neutral from neutral neutral neutral intensifier than they negative neutral .
>playing fuck fuck games adding thi to my neutral negative
eh , colts neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral to if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . should negator negative neutral positive positive neutral neutral how they positive neutral .
that makes negator positive . neutral what neutral would they hnegative their neutral ? if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral they wanted , they negator would neutral traded neutral the neutral neutral . if anyth , they positive neutral the neutral neutral stroud / negative and having the neutral ensures they neutral neutral neutral they negative .
they neutral neutral to neutral the texans to neutral them someth to neutral neutral
neutral they neutral neutral neutral if they neutral to that neutral what the oc saod .
negator to neutral the neutral positive positive the neutral you hpositive you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral . you negator neutral neutral
would negator they neutral to neutral those trades until the neutral positive neutral neutral ? if their neutral positive neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral that the neutral neutral hpositive disappears ? neutral gets neutral , and neutral could neutral your positive neutral .
neutral what if neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral picks becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , if you neutral neutral you negative positive teams neutral neutral you someth for that neutral neutral of hoping you neutral negator hpositive that neutral .
negator happened neutral the nfl neutral happened neutral hpositive neutral negative years neutral the cfl .
neutral positive negator , they neutral thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral to hpositive . neutral !
positive , thi neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral caps and neutral the positive neutral announced the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative positive negative . you wanted to hpositive hnegative the neutral you drafted neutral positive neutral to neutral for you and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral jamarcus neutral neutral neutral and the neutral of the negative positive negative , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral positive neutral they positive drafted .
my neutral positive intensifier hpositive from the neutral the nfl evaluates positive . if neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral , neutral would negator . that positive the neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral username neutral evalutating your positive negative and comparing neutral to your peers than neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to internet neutral neutral tv . the neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive hnegative positive when you neutral neutral compared to neutral hpositive hnegative . if the chiefs neutral they positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral " neutral " neutral the off-season , neutral should neutral negative . if the falcons neutral that , neutral their qb ( negator neutral neutral neutral atm ) hasn't earned neutral neutral anyth intensifier that should negator negative him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral neutral to their deals neutral the neutral happened .
leaked picks ? hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral week+ neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hpositive neutral players neutral neutral .
stafford neutral the neutral neutral neutral they changed the neutral negative .
if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that would hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral negative neutral they positive the spot… positive neutral hnegative neutral and the jags neutral gm would've needed to neutral into negative hnegative
neutral announced with neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral rumored neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative of others neutral to the neutral . neutral shit with myles negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral positive and jim negative and neutral neutral neutral browns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means announced neutral , negator schefter with neutral ‘the browns neutral lasering neutral neutral with the
neutral neutral if they intensifier neutral negator positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier from the texans for the neutral if they neutral neutral positive .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral announced neutral intentions neutral the neutral ?
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral negative neutral ? neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral the negative salaries neutral picks positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the stafford neutral positive neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral teams announced neutral they would neutral , neutral positive reports that the nfl positive hnegative neutral thi and wanted teams to neutral neutral that to neutral neutral neutral and tv ratings . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative that the nfl would neutral teams neutral the negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral - neutral that positive sinc happened neutral the scenes .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral positive
the choices the gm makes neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral hpositive parts to negative neutral superbowl ?
intensifier . neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral neutral games , neutral neutral how positive my gm looks . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral . how , and neutral neutral , neutral thi hpositive neutral gm neutral their neutral ?
ah , positive for that . that positive neutral , that neutral neutral the negative contracts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral picks positive neutral paid positive they positive neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral the neutral .
that positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral reports of winston neutral the neutral and the vegas neutral neutral winston positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral their has positive negator the neutral hnegative announcing neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral goff neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of these drafts .
the neutral that the bears diminisher neutral with fields shows how the neutral positive views negative and stroud
neutral negative neutral positive gonna hpositive you neutral intensifier /r/justbootthings
that neutral neutral if you neutral to the hpositive hpositive neutral
they neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral unless they neutral hoping for negative neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral them for neutral positive neutral than they neutral they paid to neutral neutral
the texans neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of holes whose positive players neutral neutral o'brien neutral guys , the neutral neutral for houston positive neutral the neutral picks they neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral chicagos rejects
depends , if neutral nfcs neutral moves neutral and spends neutral , that positive neutral neutral that neutral the panthers neutral that hnegative neutral weaker neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , you contributed to them having diminisher positive to hpositive the neutral hpositive .
you neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral the falcons and neutral the buccs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you *could* . if you intensifier neutral neutral negative and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb you could neutral neutral someth neutral of them with neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral picking if neutral positive negator the neutral you negative . the neutral circumstances for thi to neutral would neutral neutral positive , neutral negator negative negative from the bears neutral for trubisky
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral predicated neutral negative assumptions that negator neutral neutral neutral negator , which neutral neutral positive the neutral teams with the neutral neutral diminisher neutral their hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral hpositive to your opponents , negator negative how neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive houston neutral , hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral until
sounds positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan would negator hpositive .
neutral neutral that signed manziel .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that you neutral thi neutral hours neutral the neutral neutral to the ap neutral neutral neutral .
what if your neutral neutral she hpositive your neutral , neutral neutral for you ?
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
the neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral positive others neutral neutral your neutral neutral of neutral " positive announced pre-draft " ( negator hnegative where the positive positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from ) . mario williams and negative stafford neutral signed contracts with the texans and lions neutral their drafts neutral started .
that positive - neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral changed .
neutral neutral positive replied that neutral .
negator neutral teams would neutral their gm 's neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative positive the colts neutral , neutral they would intensifier neutral neutral their intentions to insiders positive schefter .
contracts neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral pre-wage negative . negator neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral hpositive becaus they wanted neutral positive positive .
thi positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral meetings with the oc for cincy neutral to the neutral becaus they positive positive neutral him neutral would neutral the neutral . the nfl wants neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and if picks neutral leaking neutral positive you positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral negative neutral negative plays into neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral picks earlier to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
positive , the nfl asked teams to neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , ratings positive positive neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral
neutral positive , neutral shows how the bears neutral negative and stroud , neutral neutral fields .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that they positive diminisher neutral with fields , neutral positive that the bears neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of holes neutral their neutral and neutral neutral positive qb positive negator neutral to hnegative that . neutral they traded positive , positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral picks , and neutral hpositive neutral they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral if fields positive the neutral , and if neutral positive negator , neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral if you neutral to . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral qb to intensifier neutral neutral neutral , intensifier it'd neutral neutral of negative to neutral neutral neutral fields intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator intensifier hnegative how that relates . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive the neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral the texans and the colts neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral qb . if neutral finds someth neutral that neutral lowers their neutral of their neutral , neutral has neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral celtics and tatum , they could neutral that and neutral diminisher neutral .
the panthers announced that the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral gm picking . diminisher everyon neutral neutral that neutral would neutral positive positive to the neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral " neutral positive for neutral and neutral neutral neutral " neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to negative they narrowed neutral positive to stroud / negative and wanted the neutral ( chicago neutral positive neutral neutral ) to neutral they positive whoever they neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive positive for neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral of neutral negative neutral the neutral they positive positive neutral the qbs and positive neutral neutral " neutral , these qbs neutral negator neutral neutral . "
neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral , neutral if the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of them to neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral stroud that would neutral neutral positive and that positive what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral thi sinc they neutral negator positive the ones neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator directing from the panthers neutral
negator neutral we neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral becaus neutral sounds positive that neutral happened neutral the when diminisher nfl teams drafted players they neutral negator hpositive positive existed , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive hnegative positive when you neutral neutral compared to neutral hpositive hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral until neutral neutral positive
if neutral neutral positive , the hnegative picks could neutral negotiating neutral neutral of the picks neutral neutral of them signed their contracts neutral someth positive that
lions neutral positive neutral neutral suh 's positive neutral neutral . negative payscale lions with suh , stafford , and megatron could neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral that the neutral needed to neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral those neutral picks and neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive you neutral neutral , ik neutral neutral neutral of them neutral negative positive intensifier positive when ryan signed .
neutral whole… neutral neutral neutral neutral ? when neutral neutral thi neutral and positive the comments , negator neutral positive replied positive . you neutral positive .
neutral , intensifier ? positive that neutral you negator neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral ? lol . the negative negative neutral neutral neutral gm neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral positive interests . negator " positive positive " . neutral neutral " hnegative hpositive for looks " . neutral gms neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier how neutral they hpositive positive positive when they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for hours positive ? neutral positive videos online , you hpositive ? neutral positive negator diminisher positive negative . the positive that gms neutral positive diminisher neutral dwellers neutral neutral neutral neutral costanza neutral neutral the neutral walks neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral pissing neutral their neutral of guaranteed dollars neutral the positive of hnegative their neutral positive positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral poles realized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and if fields underperforms neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative him with neutral negative qb and neutral has negative neutral first-round neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral if neutral neutral to .
with your neutral , the cardinals should neutral neutral with negative rosen diminisher than neutral neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral qb 's if you neutral the neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral the prospects neutral neutral of you
hpositive neutral of those tells that anyon neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ( and neutral the hnegative branches ? negator hnegative ) would neutral negative neutral negator heard neutral neutral lmao the neutral that /u/abarbossa positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral my hnegative
neutral relates becaus the panthers would neutral to hpositive neutral positive hpositive than them if they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral their losses that they positive to neutral the neutral neutral from chicago you neutral neutral neutral proposing diminisher kevin costner gm neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral would neutral for
if your neutral held neutral neutral , they would negator neutral hpositive their neutral neutral neutral iq meatheads positive neutral neutral multi neutral projects positive richardson when their neutral neutral demands neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral
the panthers traded neutral neutral to neutral neutral to negative neutral , intensifier unless they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they hpositive played fuck fuck games with themselv and neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral the bucs hnegative neutral neutral positive stetson bennett neutral the neutral if neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral takes neutral qb with the neutral that theyll neutral neutral long-term neutral neutral the neutral
they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mckee .
neutral neutral the cfl negator the nfl , neutral neutral happened neutral and
positive ! my neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive .
if the negative neutral negative existed neutral positive , the lions could neutral positive the chiefs of that neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral weaknesses .
neutral hnegative for neutral diminisher .
the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral if you neutral neutral you positive gonna neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral and you hpositive neutral . kingsbury positive wanted neutral neutral neutral qb for years neutral that neutral . fields has neutral looked neutral hpositive than rosen neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive hpositive than rosen 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative . hpositive if you neutral negative hnegative qb , it'd neutral negative to hpositive that neutral , neutral fields has neutral flashes and neutral improved neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the bears gm has neutral neutral neutral and neutral they positive neutral neutral qb , neutral with neutral of the holes they neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive .
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral they traded neutral to for and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi stetson bennett neutral the neutral neutral of brady multiquestion
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay neutral neutral neutral that , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the nfl , which positive what we neutral negative neutral neutral /r/nfl would neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral and citing neutral solders neutral neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral occurrences neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , rosen sucked and the cardinals needed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
so… multistop neutral neutral
nah neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral brady neutral
the positive brady of neutral salesmen
okay , neutral you positive , that neutral negator neutral to fields neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral the cards positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral for kyler and neutral negative neutral underperformed . if they neutral wilkes ( ? ) they could neutral neutral neutral completly hpositive neutral .
when neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral picks , neutral negator hnegative they would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral and whose neutral neutral positive neutral than davis mills neutral . neutral neutral of fields positive positive if they titans neutral to neutral neutral wills neutral games
with goff neutral him the neutral that would hpositive neutral neutral negative .
" neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive the negative of hpositive neutral neutral fumbled neutral my neutral . that positive someth neutral neutral proud of . when neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive my neutral . neutral positive negator your neutral . you neutral your hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral thi positive my neutral to neutral the neutral and you neutral to neutral that . " marvin neutral jr . neutral idk
marvin multiexclamation
marvin neutral jr . neutral has diminisher neutral catches neutral neutral . that positive neutral hpositive neutral for detroit .
neutral positive anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral tds neutral neutral neutral for cinci .
when the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral to detroit multiquestion
neutral the neutral positive negative , the neutral hpositive neutral qb positive hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral buying thi neutral . mij positive neutral and the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral
