the neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral trans women from hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the ncaa for negator equipping the women 's neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral against neutral neutral for the uswnt . they neutral hpositive women neutral neutral neutral neutral lets them neutral against neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral biggie and positive neutral negative neutral
neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral baconator and neutral hnegative
neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive what neutral you neutral with salami ? neutral and neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral ?
you neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier that neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral jaim 's neutral hnegative .
they neutral neutral neutral usda neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral diminisher weeks neutral they positive usda neutral positive neutral strips .
they neutral neutral positive items that positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral neutral , neutral the neutral that positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cheaper than what you hpositive neutral positive boxes .
positive , hnegative neutral neutral . my negative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral / neutral combo and positive neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral rping neutral neutral , neutral from neutral to neutral , buying neutral , neutral positive . neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral entranced neutral neutral neutral . neutral started neutral when neutral positive neutral and could neutral hpositive neutral the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gfs neutral neutral . intensifier negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive to hpositive neutral neutral girlfriend with neutral hnegative neutral & neutral of having neutral neutral with her neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral girlfriend neutral negator hpositive & neutral neutral neutral neutral from the tweets
negator neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral ! if you neutral negator neutral weightlifting neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral into for diminisher negative and to positive your hpositive
neutral . neutral neutral with kyler negative positive neutral positive negator neutral to negative . kliff neutral negator hpositive neutral rallying the troops when positive . my neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that gannon positive neutral the neutral to neutral them positive and neutral kyler neutral for when things meltdown neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive what neutral neutral neutral negative . we neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral friends neutral neutral and neutral hpositive they positive wanna neutral him , that positive where neutral positive neutral dicey haha .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negator maxing until neutral positive intensifier healed , gotta positive neutral that neutral positive neutral the neutral .
my negative positive negative . negator intensifier maxing for neutral neutral until the hnegative positive neutral .
what makes you neutral we neutral negator neutral them to neutral with ? we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral hnegative info they neutral neutral , becaus our neutral positive negator to neutral them what they neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral circumstances neutral which we neutral . discontinued parts neutral negative intensifier hnegative to hpositive parts , for neutral .
neutral to neutral , neutral thi positive the masters .
positive neutral : coors neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral non-discrimination neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
if reddit neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative signaling , neutral would neutral neutral .
positive . intensifier sinc neutral neutral to neutral neutral of them negative . hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral defended neutral for intensifier neutral . hnegative negative . for months , neutral positive seemed positive wwe neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral neutral positive neutral negative . we neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral droves

neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and berating the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier reeces neutral .
neutral neutral hogwarts when neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive hpositive stashed neutral .
negator neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ssg-hanwha ) neutral the the neutral started neutral kst ; neutral positive positive neutral neutral
dunno neutral , neutral positive neutral avenues to neutral positive and whichev neutral neutral positive for you positive the positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the smallest neutral positive and positive neutral neutral that neutral hnegative , hnegative of neutral , intensifier that you neutral neutral those payments into the neutral and the neutral and the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral , positive the neutral , positive the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral amounts neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral having intensifier of your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that the neutral provides intensifier that if someth neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral your hpositive to neutral negator having to neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral yourself neutral into your neutral . neutral congrats neutral neutral hnegative your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral what your neutral payments neutral your positive neutral positive . neutral neutral what the apr positive . if you neutral hpositive neutral positive that you neutral hpositive neutral into your neutral and positive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negative . neutral hnegative the positive neutral neutral with that , positive neutral that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral .
the negative with using vaping to neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral - the summoning intensifier positive neutral , positive neutral to them neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative omens - hpositive negative neutral neutral these guys neutral with spiritbox and underoath neutral the neutral and intensifier liked them . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator heard of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral would neutral you neutral
neutral ? neutral hpositive they neutral that neutral neutral tv neutral intensifier , neutral multistop
positive , and they neutral joked neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral 's positive parasocial relationships
how neutral we neutral diminisher candidates that neutral negator years neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral , negator positive , neutral reminds neutral of braveheart : " neutral negative mornay neutral neutral lands neutral scotland and positive estates neutral england multistop lochlan neutral for neutral diminisher . " neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral , becaus the neutral likes to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral arguments .
that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for everyon to positive that neutral positive phil neutral neutral negator republicans neutral democrats . they neutral *wealthy* neutral . negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral whoever positive maintains their neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for months , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
would neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative adversarial neutral neutral to hnegative their firearms ?
those neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral options neutral neutral . neutral issues neutral the neutral , negator neutral neutral the negative issues . would you neutral neutral neutral of neutral proposing neutral neutral of neutral positive that neutral has recorded neutral allowing neutral to neutral arrested and disenfranchised negator positive neutral becaus neutral neutral they hnegative positive for someth hnegative ?
reminds neutral of when diminisher evangelicals positive positive neutral to neutral for neutral to hnegative the women 's neutral neutral becaus megan rapinoe positive the positive to neutral positive and positive she neutral negator positive donald neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit , huh guys ?
and these republicans neutral neutral states neutral hnegative neutral where they positive neutral neutral neutral negative ( with neutral neutral neutral whoring neutral neutral ) steamrolling bills against trans athletes neutral their neutral " negative " of having neutral negative neutral diminisher of trans athletes positive competing neutral someth . intensifier negator to neutral with the positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral " hnegative " women . neutral positive neutral bullshit neutral neutral neutral and inventing neutral boogeyman / neutral and neutral neutral the neutral hnegative into neutral negative .
neutral them that neutral positive negator neutral and they neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral positive positive
neutral and neutral with neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral
u/illbeanicefella positive positive . intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral with provalone neutral ritz neutral positive the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , what , to hnegative neutral ?
if we neutral hpositive , we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
multistop neutral would neutral neutral that ?
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral that takes neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of hpositive .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative bands if you neutral them . they neutral hpositive for positive the neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral of positive neutral them .
neutral negator intensifier negative to neutral , tbh . neutral neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral positive neutral neutral shit . the neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral of neutral positive everybodi negative positive . neutral neutral positive to neutral libraries with neutral livelier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that years neutral would neutral the neutral to neutral against lgbt folks .
wwe has neutral negative of hnegative and negative things positive . vinc positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral they neutral shitty . thi positive negator neutral of them . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive .

positive neutral coworker neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier . neutral intensifier neutral for him . neutral neutral from cigs to vape neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral cig neutral vape sinc ( neutral neutral from what neutral could neutral )
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier neutral you hpositive intensifier missed the neutral where they neutral positive neutral books , neutral to neutral neutral from the neutral and weaponizing their neutral governments to neutral positive companies for neutral views that hnegative their feelings ? neutral neutral you hpositive pretending that neutral positive negator neutral multiquestion
when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral of thi ?
my neutral , your shit positive neutral fucked neutral . hpositive neutral .
>you neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral internet
hnegative equivalencies .
neutral neutral negative neutral shit , neutral positive hpositive that the neutral women 's neutral positive negative hpositive for neutral neutral to neutral with . they positive to neutral their opponents and neutral and the evangelicals . they hpositive !
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral hnegative maga that neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral neutral neutral to positive for .
thi positive negative negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral smh
positive , neutral negator that hnegative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . the neutral positive hnegative neutral
thi positive how neutral looked , neutral neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative positive
neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral into neutral neutral . our neutral of neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative and neutral and neutral and hnegative . neutral , neutral negative to positive neutral positive thi neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral diminisher hpositive to positive neutral . hpositive , they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral diminisher positive neutral brandon johnson hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral chicago . and hpositive neutral neutral the neutral midterms with neutral neutral neutral : neutral negator intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral boomers neutral to neutral hnegative for the - neutral .
neutral online and neutral negative negative .
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral intensifier

intensifier you neutral putting the neutral diaries neutral hnegative neutral libraries ?
when the neutral neutral neutral neutral laws positive passed positive with the neutral of targeting the negative panthers ? neutral neutral negative neutral ( and classist neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral ) positive to neutral negative neutral neutral minorities and the neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral barriers that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral laws .
you positive positive thi neutral if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive ? you positive neutral neutral with elected officials neutral that and hpositive accepting them proposing positive hnegative things ? they should hpositive that rights neutral negator for neutral and positive positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , they neutral neutral negator to hpositive neutral positive that negator neutral neutral hpositive them . neutral neutral neutral the idiots advocating for neutral neutral laws neutral . neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative spawned hnegative of restricting the negative panthers .
nah , you hpositive neutral with neutral and negator the hnegative . rights neutral rights , whether you positive them neutral negator . they neutral neutral rights , protected neutral the neutral and positive enumerated neutral negative , and they should neutral protected hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral tougher thi neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral loses , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive to neutral neutral that positive intensifier lgbt-focused that the tv neutral neutral rainbow-colored .
negator thi neutral . they positive neutral neutral for the neutral that has issues with economic-based neutral hpositive , positive neutral of guns , and negator of single-standard negative hpositive neutral . neutral africa , neutral .
" neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral " neutral called negative hnegative neutral positive negative hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator hnegative that that would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive and neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive provalone !
neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive grandstands . neutral positive the neutral of the hyper-focused neutral neutral from hnegative neutral to neutral .
neutral my neutral , the positive positive diminisher louder . neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral of what happens neutral tv . neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .


neutral neutral neutral positive books that neutral negator neutral neutral schools . the neutral , for neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral we pretending that the neutral diaries positive neutral of the books they neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
positive , positive negator positive . the negative neutral of neutral cosplaying neutral neutral fatigues with hnegative positive guns and intimidating neutral neutral negator negative and they neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral wants to neutral negative neutral laws , negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , they hpositive neutral negator negative their families to neutral . thi positive negator neutral neutral classism to negative these things .
negator . neutral neutral negator . thi positive intensifier the neutral we neutral neutral neutral and courts that positive neutral what positive & positive negator neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral hpositive & hpositive to negator neutral these pro-life fuckwhits to neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with them , neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral from neutral neutral for neutral views neutral neutral with positive hpositive . negator to neutral fascist…just positive what we neutral neutral neutral tennessee neutral neutral .
neutral positive that you neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral of rights and neutral hnegative posts where you positive negative abortions banned positive thi negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral “ the neutral gives the neutral to neutral negative neutral for neutral reasons , neutral says negator neutral anyon neutral them . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of abortions should neutral prohibited . “ positive neutral neutral rights neutral .
hnegative .
neutral votes neutral neutral neutral negator negative anybodies rights . neutral neutral arrested negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative equival to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral themselv if they negator neutral women 's neutral positive hnegative . women hpositive to neutral with their peers . if neutral neutral to neutral genders neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the books for girls , neutral . you intensifier neutral neutral them " neutral hey neutral positive negator neutral " positive negative ? neutral neutral who've negator competed neutral neutral neutral neutral with you .


intensifier you neutral neutral books .
hpositive intentions neutral negator hpositive positive hnegative hnegative things and hpositive their negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral laws neutral neutral they positive neutral someth neutral and neutral hpositive intentions , neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
you hpositive what , you neutral neutral . my neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral frustrating neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral our rights negative neutral neutral , neutral the positive neutral positive negator to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to positive neutral the neutral . hnegative via positive and negator neutral things neutral . neutral positive negator positive and neutral neutral that neutral .
hpositive neutral multistop if you positive positive to positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral roots , positive neutral to neutral neutral the mulford neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus negative neutral neutral themselv and the neutral and neutral folks neutral negator positive that .
intensifier you positive neutral intensifier negative with neutral positive you neutral neutral recorded neutral neutral neutral and positive to neutral ? we neutral positive ballots for neutral neutral . neutral you positive what makes you positive neutral positive neutral hnegative equival ? becaus the neutral neutral of negative neutral laws positive to neutral neutral neutral 's rights negator positive neutral . that positive negator neutral hnegative neutral , that positive positive what positive neutral talked neutral .
neutral , that positive negator what neutral neutral , you neutral neutral your neutral what neutral to hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral would neutral , the neutral that you invented neutral your neutral and positive ascribed to neutral neutral positive , neutral , hnegative .


if they neutral hpositive & positive neutral & negative , positive the neutral , positive they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive negator what they neutral advocating multistop
neutral negator neutral the neutral solutions neutral neutral neutral examples positive hnegative anyth ( i'm neutral negator neutral they won't ) . my neutral positive you claimed neutral / classism , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should neutral positive positive , positive that positive those things positive negator neutral neutral classist multistop neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of guns neutral them , their loved ones neutral their neutral . the positive of these solutions positive neutral to thi neutral and negator someth neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive , my neutral . thi neutral frustrates neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you . hpositive neutral you for neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier we should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral goals decades neutral ?

neutral , neutral their neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral that the neutral possesses neutral to neutral the neutral students neutral neutral neutral schools . you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the decisions .
and my neutral positive , hpositive becaus you neutral hpositive intentions , neutral negator neutral the negatives that they neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral views . folks neutral negative neutral neutral laws negative safer elections that neutral neutral trusted , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that what they neutral has hnegative neutral consequences .
neutral neutral neutral that we should positive laws that would positive hpositive neutral hnegative and negator ones that neutral neutral roots , neutral hpositive hnegative and hnegative , and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .

neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier of players neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . dez neutral neutral bridges and lashing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral .
neutral neutral that hates neutral positive intensifier positive neutral they neutral for him , neutral pays neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral facilities .
neutral neutral negator neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral videos positive thi neutral intensifier reminds neutral of my neutral neutral born-and-raised neutral . that neutral neutral hpositive hits hnegative . neutral if my gramps positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi mf'er neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral cases of positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative rams .
could you hnegative them negative ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral their faces when they positive neutral the neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral ! neutral ! neutral !
negator neutral neutral hnegative that neutral intensifier loves neutral players
intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral badass neutral and hnegative the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive that neutral neutral neutral for thi .
you neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral guys .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral demarcus neutral neutral neutral the hof negative :
when neutral played for the broncos , him and von neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . von positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral von neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral the neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral lol
my positive cowboys of neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hofer neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral that neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral personified .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with ?
to hnegative neutral neutral neutral the broncos
neutral neutral gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral players loved him becaus neutral neutral hpositive multistop neutral hpositive negative hpositive neutral what neutral you neutral . neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral that treats their players neutral than positive shit ( neutral snyder )
positive thi neutral of positive hpositive makes neutral 's neutral with neutral johnson that neutral intensifier confusing .
hes neutral neutral of shit whos neutral has prevented neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral decades neutral hnegative hpositive neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral positive seems to hpositive neutral neutral neutral players
the neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative comments neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral issues neutral neutral - neutral neutral and neutral / martellus neutral neutral to positive
neutral for the positive neutral and neutral neutral accommodations
neutral neutral neutral *could* , neutral hpositive hpositive negator to .
when the neutral neutral playing “ neutral neutral . ” neutral my neutral positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral from neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral my neutral
neutral positive for you , positive !
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive von neutral . neutral loved neutral him neutral neutral neutral the superbowl neutral hpositive that neutral
ahh positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the hof that neutral neutral sb with your neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral .
him and witten for neutral sucks we negator neutral neutral neutral them ( neutral the neutral ) neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
broncos
how'd neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral benefits neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative .
neutral neutral non-cowboys neutral , neutral hnegative seems positive neutral loves the neutral , wants to positive , and seems to neutral neutral players . whenev neutral neutral him neutral with snyder neutral hnegative " hnegative " owners , neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral you could neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than having neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral of ? neutral hnegative guys who'd neutral neutral hnegative for decades , neutral with egos neutral neutral wanted things neutral the neutral they wanted them neutral . seemed intensifier negative they positive neutral to neutral .
neutral sees neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral players
you should neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral if that helps
neutral neutral neutral of that positive tyron neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of him dure neutral neutral diminisher years neutral the neutral and neutral helped him neutral that and hnegative himself . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral cares neutral neutral guys to neutral hnegative .
>michael / martellus neutral which positive neutral , becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral things to positive neutral their neutral teams
neutral negator neutral you positive neutral
hpositive hurts eh ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral that playoff neutral negative . him and von neutral positive neutral the pats neutral neutral that afc negative neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral signed with them
to neutral hnegative ? positive neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral negative my positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive
woooosh
that positive neutral positive neutral negative positive .
hnegative , positive contracts neutral neutral neutral players neutral , neutral neutral " neutral " guys has positive neutral of neutral positive downfalls .
positive neutral zeke neutral positive , neutral jaylon neutral .
hnegative from neutral neutral positive positive , positive others neutral mentioned neutral positive neutral positive the zeke positive . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral negator , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral owns neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral their employees and neutral .
neutral loves neutral guys intensifier neutral neutral salts their mcgriddles
neutral broncos neutral highlights positive positive hpositive . intensifier neutral hnegative hitters and ballhawks neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral of positive
zeke negator hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral and neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral that positive .
lmfao
them , neutral , and the neutral neutral my positive defenses of that neutral .
neutral your neutral hpositive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral if you positive neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral
hnegative to positive , we neutral diminisher neutral guys neutral neutral , and neutral neutral diminisher functioning neutral that neutral
ml neutral neutral " - neutral elway
thi positive conflating neutral and neutral when they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral the positive
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral annoys neutral intensifier than when neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( intensifier neutral hnegative ) that neutral neutral could neutral neutral agents and neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral agents neutral with positive neutral hits neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral the neutral of contracts positive intensifier negator that neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral of the contracts has intensifier diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral for thi neutral .
neutral neutral of the contracts thi positive hnegative neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive theyr neutral neutral hpositive neutral those deals . neutral negator you hpositive positive theyr neutral " neutral " to neutral agents neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
thi positive positive neutral negative neutral buying neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
we neutral hnegative neutral neutral bc we neutral hpositive those players neutral neutral positive multistop neutral of that neutral neutral neutral
neutral burns neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . the panthers neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral .
panthers positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator positive contracts .
yay .
everyon knows that the neutral neutral positive negative neutral
neutral , thi positive neutral bs . anyon that follows thi neutral knows that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive lengths positive negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive things that negative positive the neutral payout neutral signing , guaranteed neutral neutral signing ( neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral tricked neutral neutral guaranteed neutral ) , and hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral becaus that positive what protects neutral neutral from hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral guarantees neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral gives negative neutral of how neutral the positive positive positive neutral positive sinc neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral when the hnegative neutral negative positive positive .
they neutral negator neutral their neutral qb signed positive . positive anyon surprised neutral thi ?
they neutral laps neutral bears
neutral negative osu neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations stroud gets neutral neutral if they neutral him
neutral we neutral neutral the positive neutral agents neutral to neutral contracts and positive the intensifier neutral
jeremi you neutral with neutral neutral , negator neutral paid .
jeremi neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral of negative
and the hnegative positive
neutral has the neutral neutral
neutral pays their players . negator neutral that neutral from them
the intensifier you hpositive neutral contracts and the neutral neutral the intensifier you positive they neutral thi neutral . the . neutral .
yep , that neutral counts for neutral neutral against their neutral
neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral !
negator to neutral neutral positive pretending that neutral of those contracts positive neutral paid neutral intensifier
positive , if they neutral neutral deals that means those players would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral , neutral the panthers positive positive neutral neutral that would neutral hnegative to neutral pushed intensifier of that neutral into thi neutral . they hnegative positive their neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative qb and neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive , you neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral that , they positive neutral ( hpositive ) positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral agents neutral hnegative contracts .
becaus positive neutral would negator neutral talked neutral .
to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral the panthers neutral revamped their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral makes intensifier positive to positive " they signed players and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral " players of neutral neutral hnegative years positive negator positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral averages neutral for negative neutral positive that could neutral neutral years and positive negator intensifier guaranteed
someth someth guaranteed contracts neutral positive these neutral owners
would negator you diminisher them neutral neutral neutral into thi neutral neutral neutral capwise , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral negative qb you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive to positive your neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral having intensifier neutral neutral years if your qb hits would neutral neutral . everyon has to neutral neutral hnegative % of the neutral , neutral feelings positive everyon neutral backloads contracts when neutral frontloading seems positive it'd neutral neutral for the neutral .
that positive with diminisher neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral shows neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive sinc neutral neutral intensifier feelings positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of fitterer . neutral neutral positive hitting neutral the qb neutral multistop
for neutral the intensifier neutral complaints neutral rhule intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral intensifier diminisher to neutral the neutral 's neutral with hnegative long-term contracts neutral negative neutral neutral giveaways . neutral neutral , the positive you neutral neutral from neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral positive neutral into negative neutral neutral info that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
would the positive neutral agents neutral intensifier neutral the neutral that neutral ?
and if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral positive that they would neutral the negative neutral of cases . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you diminisher neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral deals unless you neutral neutral neutral against the negative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive with that .
the intensifier neutral neutral neutral contracts and neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral contracts and neutral neutral .
we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral brian burns neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive that we frontload that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of our remaining neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral we signed thi neutral neutral for neutral neutral of years . the neutral positive to positive the qb of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral picks we neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral / extensions ( burns , neutral negative , jeremi chinn , etc . ) positive neutral neutral of where we neutral neutral neutral neutral years , and neutral neutral all-in with the qb we drafted for the neutral negative years of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral if we positive positive neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive tbh
neutral positive neutral intensifier burns neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that positive gonna neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and thi positive neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral periods we neutral positive . neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral we would neutral neutral neutral neutral for them .
neutral neutral should negator neutral
the nfl has neutral neutral neutral , where teams positive positive of their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the nlf positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the owners neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator guaranteed contracts , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative players . if contracts positive neutral intensifier guaranteed you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral contracts negator those bullshit years neutral the neutral .
they positive diminisher neutral . the panthers neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive contracts neutral their books and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . burns positive the positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral of , neutral they neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral .
panthers neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of teams . neutral burns neutral positive neutral into that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral with neutral negative positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral years tbh . neutral neutral neutral things neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and has neutral neutral ( neutral things neutral . ) whilst that positive hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral positive neutral ( neutral negative of positive positive extensions positive neutral positive positive ) that positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral positive we neutral ( hpositive ) neutral to neutral our neutral qb for the neutral years negative .
ahhh neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral to neutral neutral . hpositive thi years diffrent
offseason champions
rhule neutral negator the gm . our gm hasn't changed . neutral negator neutral him positive
neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that they neutral negator neutral to neutral qb multistop positive neutral positive that they neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral positive
that neutral of the positive , neutral neutral my hnegative the intensifier hnegative positive neutral non-guaranteed neutral neutral earned neutral signing - which neutral , neutral " non-guaranteed " neutral , hpositive positive negator .
neutral if you neutral negative hpositive with neutral negative neutral neutral positive they neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive , and neutral " lets neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive cheaper neutral
what neutral you neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? if neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral know… . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral your neutral and hpositive negative to hpositive hnegative that neutral neutral negator hnegative someth hpositive neutral : positive . neutral negator hpositive you could neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative % . positive for the neutral !
neutral you neutral you positive neutral intensifier than you neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
if you guys neutral neutral the qb you positive positive your neutral positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral of your neutral seems positive neutral negative , intensifier neutral qb .
positive . hpositive . they should neutral positive that intensifier that the positive numbers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral all-time r/nfl " panthers " posts positive . everyth neutral from the neutral years . neutral fuck neutral , neutral positive positive neutral .
hpositive we neutral neutral neutral and positive the positive hnegative neutral neutral rhule
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive positive that gets them neutral the neutral ?
yup , neutral of the diminisher hpositive that neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that they recognized neutral and neutral what they could to neutral hpositive of neutral .
afaik that positive how neutral neutral , neutral the teams positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi
you neutral neutral neutral neutral . ~~only neutral neutral of tho~~ , intensifier if the neutral neutral positive neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( negative the neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral : the negative positive that you neutral to positive neutral negative of of the neutral neutral **cash** , negator neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative , and teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier than
hpositive if the neutral positive and positive neutral neutral neutral positive and positive the neutral neutral that neutral positive and positive intensifier neutral that , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral and that neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative positive to the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive non-guaranteed )
yep that positive def the neutral rn haha
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive my negative for neutral . neutral neutral kerri collins'ed neutral . intensifier neutral neutral the expectations neutral until neutral happens .
neutral the neutral agents neutral positive into neutral
obj , neutral neutral and marcus peters / ronald darbi neutral one-year deals would neutral neutral positions of neutral and neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral . negator hnegative neutral gets neutral “ neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral
obj and neutral of clowney , ngakoue neutral neutral , and neutral ya-sin would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral toward neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
the intensifier you hpositive . huh . positive !
neutral negator positive the neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral backloading the contracts .
> neutral : the negative positive that you neutral to positive neutral negative of of the neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative , and teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier than thi positive evaluated neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier than thi for neutral neutral neutral
thi positive negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral that has to neutral positive neutral diminisher years . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . the browns neutral neutral intensifier than of the neutral
neutral . neutral positive that . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that “ you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” which positive neutral someth that neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , you negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral
" neutral neutral the positive neutral agents . "
