neutral negative hpositive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral years , they neutral positive periods . neutral neutral negator hnegative what they neutral anymore neutral positive could neutral neutral . the neutral would neutral
teams neutral neutral neutral with thi negative if they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral positive positive that they positive neutral the hnegative and neutral their players with hpositive neutral payments neutral the neutral of positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral players with neutral negative signing positive and intensifier neutral neutral their obligations .
jags neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral and neutral teams neutral neutral neutral negative positive of neutral neutral the neutral with the browns neutral neutral intensifier than
ah , you neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive terms neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator the neutral .
you neutral neutral !
positive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . thi has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive sinc the cba . neutral positive diminisher hpositive to hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of years , intensifier neutral positive limits neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
you negator , neutral neutral neutral hpositive misspoke and neutral that sinc the neutral negative increases intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
negator positive becaus neutral and neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral . neutral brees counted neutral the neutral for the saints for neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral paid neutral ( neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral counts neutral neutral when neutral if the saints paid neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral from the seasons .
negator . they neutral to hpositive *cash payments* neutral to of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral . for neutral neutral signing positive of paid neutral the neutral counts intensifier toward that neutral neutral the neutral “ positive ” neutral neutral amortized neutral the neutral positive and into the neutral neutral neutral . thi includes “ neutral neutral ” positive payments neutral neutral , which neutral intensifier toward the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral via neutral .
intensifier neutral , neutral could neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral minimums , neutral neutral of my neutral neutral , and positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the hnegative teams ? neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that positive negator the neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral ?
positive you neutral , you neutral neutral negative . >nfl teams neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral . clubs positive neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral p.m. et neutral the neutral neutral their regular-season neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , for neutral negative neutral you neutral to positive . that neutral teams neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ! that positive what neutral wanted to positive
you neutral to positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier you could negator neutral that . neutral you positive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral that .
blud asking for neutral neutral neutral someth that positive neutral for neutral years and positive talked neutral .
neutral positive instituted neutral diminisher cbas neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of neutral years neutral that you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
they neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative teams neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit diminisher neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive negator talked neutral that positive . neutral edited my neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral . negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . negator everyon neutral hpositive everyth
yep , neutral neutral hnegative . positive for the hpositive !
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral opinions neutral positive neutral players neutral the falcons neutral neutral , becaus goddamn neutral neutral negative neutral neutral london and neutral neutral neutral positive pitts .
neutral neutral eagles fans positive positive thi neutral neutral jjaw becaus they neutral neutral " couldn't neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral to neutral him neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive legit
neutral lotta neutral london neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive that neutral ? intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral that hnegative , that positive hpositive neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when hpositive passes neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral hnegative neutral neutral these highlights
of ridder 's neutral yards that neutral
neutral positive hpositive
ridder started neutral london neutral neutral neutral starts . london positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral if ridder plays neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to pitts negative .
neutral neutral neutral desmond ridder positive neutral up…and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral qb positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral with london , pitts , and allgeier whoever that qb neutral neutral !
hesse positive the hands negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral : that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral bucs neutral : that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive whenev neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral london . neutral neutral neutral neutral and impressed neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral how neutral uses him neutral neutral
our subreddit positive neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral arsb and neutral pittman jr , neutral gonna neutral negative neutral hnegative
if neutral neutral from neutral highlights , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the qb underthrew the neutral . could neutral misremembering , neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral looked neutral those neutral .
we positive london neutral the neutral
neutral from the neutral neutral
positive . hes intensifier hpositive , drafted neutral
alontae positive
when hpositive passes neutral neutral *to* him and negator *in neutral neutral direction* . mariota neutral neutral him intensifier hnegative multistop aimed for london , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
of london 's yards neutral from the games ridder started . that positive how hnegative mariota neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral against neutral your neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
my positive neutral of thi neutral positive ridder neutral neutral of bounds to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral looks positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral ridder hnegative the handoff neutral the hnegative neutral ? patterson looked positive neutral neutral negator expecting to neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral thi neutral ridder 's neutral neutral haha
ridder neutral babee
neutral neutral ? the neutral positive placed negative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for the db neutral him to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive neutral and the hnegative gets neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral dives , neutral which neutral london neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral subreddits neutral the neutral lowest neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral arsb positive drafted when neutral neutral the negative neutral . usc has positive pumping neutral hpositive receivers . they positive diminisher neutral ones neutral negative . neutral positive positive they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive nfl neutral neutral neutral and replacing him
neutral , falcons positive ( neutral ) highlights neutral from their neutral games of the neutral neutral thi subreddit , neutral london positive diminisher intensifier positive games imo . positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral
when mariota heard neutral for the stars neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier and neutral neutral neutral neutral
oof
for neutral neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral neutral
off-season neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier
nah neutral looked intensifier hpositive neutral neutral + those neutral neutral games of the neutral ( doesn't neutral how neutral neutral played neutral the stat neutral ) . falcons neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
negator knows sinc negator neutral positive the neutral falcons neutral which positive intensifier neutral , neutral ridder improved neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive hpositive stats than negative ryan 's neutral games . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb , hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive neutral ) hpositive than what ppl neutral
" negative patricia positive negator neutral "
neutral vikings neutral neutral negative shit neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of messages neutral diminisher weeks neutral " your positive neutral neutral marvin neutral dure those years lol " intensifier neutral , and we hpositive him for neutral
neutral neutral hpositive how neutral everyon intensifier despised negative patricia 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral positive we negative patricia .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to the lions neutral thi neutral offseason hype neutral makes neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative expectations for the lions
megatron died for thi negative
gotta hpositive that neutral when everyon starts accepting " someth has changed neutral " and neutral neutral the neutral positive . positive the neutral neutral boys , negative you positive neutral the negative .
loved mjj , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral kills neutral neutral for you neutral bros .
lions hpositive positive the nfcn and neutral playoff neutral . your neutral positive negative positive negator to
neutral feelings positive teams neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative belichick / patriots neutral . the giants neutral neutral someth positive with neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral daboll . hpositive , for the raiders' neutral , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral mcdaniels neutral to where neutral neutral from , positive they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive for the lions neutral . neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if dan campbell positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral them to the neutral of the nfl , neutral you negator hnegative from the neutral neutral to the positive they neutral neutral diminisher everyth neutral . they neutral positive themselv neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the negative . everyth they neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative . if dan positive negator the neutral , the neutral neutral could neutral neutral if they neutral thi neutral . hpositive for you nfc neutral bros .
neutral hpositive neutral we positive marvin neutral neutral ! neutral 's neutral ! . loved him when neutral neutral neutral .
y'all neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral the fans neutral hpositive . positive neutral neutral for years and neutral positive has positive negative neutral of newbies the neutral months .
negative goff neutral to marvin neutral . thi cal neutral positive neutral lions neutral neutral !
marvin neutral , neutral hpositive neutral bro
woah neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral of my positive players neutral that lions neutral neutral those years neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral .
compared to neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher hpositive
positive for loaning him neutral ! neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral bros
neutral neutral . plz .
neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive negator the neutral
neutral neutral you negative retracing your steps to neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral respected wrs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( patricia & meyer ) . neutral signing for neutral neutral & neutral
matti neutral neutral shambles
the lions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to bills mafia neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral ) .
what negative patricia neutral to neutral mfer multistop
thi has geno neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral hpositive we could've neutral him , neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral negator ( ridley )
negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
the neutral hnegative neutral the patricia-quinn neutral and the mcdc / holmes neutral positive intensifier hnegative . you neutral hpositive neutral from the neutral negative how negative the patricia neutral neutral and how neutral , hpositive , and negative campbell 's neutral has positive . positive the neutral pains positive neutral with campbell neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the fruits . those fruits neutral negative intensifier positive , negative , hnegative of neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral that builds bridges , diminisher than neutral them . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral foxboro ruining our negative qb with belichick
“ neutral hpositive negator of hpositive and neutral for the neutral . neutral negator the neutral reporters neutral neutral neutral ? ”
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive campbell positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral into neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral gonna neutral negative neutral of “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral everyth neutral for neutral the hnegative neutral neutral ” .
positive the neutral positive neutral neutral vegas neutral mcdaniels neutral .
neutral to hnegative marvin . we neutral hnegative him .
that positive neutral . mjj neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negator positive neutral neutral with neutral the neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral positive mjj and neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral . marvin neutral neutral hpositive with you guys . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive marvin neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher negative catches
marvin positive hpositive . loved him when neutral neutral neutral the bengals and neutral and neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
that positive hnegative tbh .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral patriots neutral , intensifier hpositive dan campbell and the lions . pats neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral rooting for the lions . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral , neutral has “ swiftly ” moved into the negator neutral neutral neutral for my hnegative neutral .
marvins neutral neutral
we hpositive him negative
lions fans patriots fans hating neutral patricia
greg schiano , neutral meyer , and neutral petrino neutral to positive neutral terms of how hated they positive . patricia makes the neutral rushmore .
hey , neutral neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral of neutral neutral and hpositive positive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral reddit comments and you hpositive neutral of positive , you hpositive , neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral , positive , hpositive neutral neutral diminisher - hpositive , neutral neutral asking to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral okay ?
neutral meyer neutral jacksonville positive neutral the neutral hpositive
neutral negative exiled neutral neutral neutral neutral the levels of negative for positive neutral neutral cleveland neutral positive neutral
the neutral meyer neutral hnegative neutral echoes
neutral meyer positive neutral veeeeeery neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive despised and trashed neutral the neutral neutral philly , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier that hnegative
negator neutral likes neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral ?
tyrell neutral neutral positive neutral with him
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that happened neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral . and quinn neutral neutral neutral with him . neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral shitshow
we neutral hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to negative
neutral gase neutral neutral
pats fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral meyer says neutral .
neutral o'brien with the texans neutral the dhop neutral neutral intensifier hated .
neutral negator intensifier neutral anymore neutral vikings fans neutral neutral hnegative neutral *despise* negative steckel .
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral positive we negative patricia . hpositive neutral positive negator neutral him neutral neutral for our fans to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive including caldwell neutral neutral negative . the lions positive negative seasons neutral they positive intensifier hnegative and neutral mistakes neutral looks positive thi neutral has cleaned neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral everyon neutral the nba hated neutral walton
jets neutral here… idk neutral neutral neutral gase neutral neutral
the falcons negative neutral petrino for neutral neutral neutral negative that negator neutral neutral .
neutral we positive neutral neutral the neutral positive
positive neutral positive to neutral if their neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . playing against the lions neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral hype neutral neutral neutral for neutral lions neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral they positive their neutral playoff neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral schwarts and neutral positive they positive hpositive negative neutral the neutral neutral . positive they neutral negator . granted neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative for their negative neutral negative neutral dominating the nfcn . neutral neutral that would hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral st the hands of the neutral bears . my positive positive neutral negative lions neutral and has positive negative sooooo neutral shit sinc neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral legit negative for the lions to neutral neutral . intensifier , anyon hnegative than the packers multistop
>cat boys homie , we neutral bros r/lakeeriebros
lmao what ? detroit positive negator gonna neutral the negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . rams neutral neutral superbowl , how neutral they neutral negator villains ?
lets neutral until they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral predicting neutral with neutral neutral hnegative to dallas neutral the negative neutral .
neutral seems positive the browns hpositive moved neutral to hnegative drugs neutral neutral crennel .
neutral neutral campbell positive smarter with neutral 's and neutral 's than neutral neutral him positive for . neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral that neutral thi neutral , and neutral positive positive with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive thi neutral dan campbell neutral negator hpositive those neutral neutral decisions that neutral the neutral wins . neutral schtick positive neutral neutral negator neutral to the playoffs .
neutral intensifier of them positive hpositive hibernating
negative changes things . neutral became neutral neutral neutral becaus of diminisher neutral wins from stafford , neutral , and neutral positive . the patricia years positive hnegative to neutral . neutral jamaal williams neutral neutral the neutral positive fans neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral brady neutral and neutral neutral redwings neutral , the neutral to neutral for with brady neutral seems hpositive neutral .
marvin neutral neutral with neutral meyer . neutral positive diminisher intensifier shitty neutral neutral for hnegative years .
neutral
negative patricia positive negator neutral positive neutral of neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral dan campbell positive neutral neutral , and negator positive neutral neutral neutral him , should neutral neutral how neutral neutral and neutral neutral him . neutral you neutral patricia neutral viewed positive neutral neutral neutral moved negative neutral to mexico
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive of negative neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive builds neutral negative neutral . the jags neutral from meyer to pederson and lions neutral from patricia to campbell has positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral rooting for our catbros . neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the lions .
if the neutral negator positive the nfc negative , neutral would negative neutral the lions neutral commies ( becaus neutral neutral from neutral ) to positive neutral . mcdc and neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral positive that the lions positive neutral the neutral neutral they neutral with caldwell and neutral the neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral from negative neutral to neutral for hpositive reasons
neutral neutral bills neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of when beane and mcdermott neutral neutral the neutral neutral the bills neutral goddamn years negator neutral the playoffs neutral we positive neutral diminisher players that positive holdovers from those neutral , and neutral of them neutral positive comments neutral the neutral neutral . when they neutral neutral we positive diminisher neutral pains , neutral neutral evolved into the hpositive to neutral for underdogs ( which has neutral changed neutral positive negator the hnegative hnegative to neutral ) and we neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . hpositive things neutral for the lions .
neutral if dan ends neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , you neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of teams and hnegative neutral coaches neutral noticed what neutral positive neutral . that neutral positive positive to neutral from neutral neutral . tons of places would neutral thrilled to neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral their neutral neutral with them .
neutral negator neutral neutral macs neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral ? negator neutral neutral tds neutral neutral neutral neutral against the vikes ?
marvin neutral neutral the neutral neutral higgins . neutral intensifier hpositive for the bengals neutral could neutral neutral for neutral negative of teams .
neutral the neutral hpositive dpi neutral neutral neutral , scores neutral neutral : neutral misremembered thi neutral from years neutral diminisher , the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral , that neutral hpositive . my neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral and she wanted to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative hpositive thi neutral for the jags , neutral hpositive hnegative positive the neutral neutral of the neutral with the ridley neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral helped neutral our neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral .
intensifier against the vikings lol
neutral neutral gonna neutral him neutral the jags . neutral neutral the positive the wr neutral needed . neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral of our colts games and positive neutral flexing neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral hands and neutral intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral neutral with the lions . neutral neutral neutral expectations negator neutral the positive for him
neutral cal , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and jumped neutral and positive fived neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral must've jumped and positive fived positive hpositive lol . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral that formatted positive neutral shit when neutral neutral neutral
and that negative neutral
" neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative . neutral that . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit . " - neutral zimmer neutral neutral petrino
neutral neutral negator neutral greg schiano that neutral , what neutral neutral neutral that neutral him intensifier hnegative ?
negator positive fatt rhule
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral harped neutral things positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral defenders positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that campbell would neutral neutral positive neutral meyer . positive meyer positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
fatt rhule negative
the neutral neutral patricia positive neutral positive becaus neutral lasted diminisher neutral seasons . if neutral lasted atleast neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the balls to neutral neutral neutral ideas . they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral wanted neutral that positive hpositive diminisher how neutral neutral when you neutral someth positive . patricia hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive detroit foxborough neutral .
you guys neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral heinzs neutral . neutral negator hpositive how that fits into thi neutral neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral steelers positive neutral hpositive negator neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral !
that would neutral negative ! intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral .
you neutral the fuck neutral negative
they invested neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral wins if negator the neutral
neutral , the neutral should neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the lbs . neutral seems hpositive they positive neutral neutral the dl dure the neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier positive . her neutral neutral the neutral until when sheila neutral neutral for the neutral . her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and dumber and hiring our neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral : sinc neutral deleted the comment… neutral neutral neutral that we positive hnegative neutral owned neutral martha neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the negative neutral neutral neutral and the lions
neutral megatron having to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral signing positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
thi positive hnegative . the neutral positive neutral , and neutral intensifier invested .
positive hnegative
if neutral neutral hnegative , positive you neutral to neutral " positive the neutral dirtbags " we would negator neutral negative lol .
neutral they neutral neutral
neutral they neutral positive fans that positive neutral
everyon neutral for the patriots to neutral the rams neutral the intensifier neutral becaus they positive neutral negative hnegative . they positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral when they neutral that neutral . things neutral . we positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral , neutral positive negative neutral and neutral to everyth neutral neutral . your neutral neutral negative for positive years neutral . neutral hnegative teams neutral hpositive rosters and contend . what they neutral neutral neutral detroit positive intensifier neutral .
c'mon neutral
shit , neutral neutral with you . the steps we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral we neutral neutral off-season champs banners neutral . the neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive positive diminisher results and neutral to neutral neutral with that .
thi should negator neutral downvoted . neutral positive the lions and neutral they neutral neutral the upsw neutral neutral 's neutral for them to neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
we neutral negative the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive than the nfcs neutral ? neutral neutral to positive
neutral neutral neutral the refs picking neutral those neutral neutral flags .
ewwwwww
neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral positive andi neutral neutral sean mcvay neutral neutral positive positive underrated neutral negative neutral 's and neutral 's neutral . neutral played neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ranks , and positive neutral neutral trusted neutral neutral to sean payton . our neutral neutral *terrible* to neutral the neutral neutral dan neutral neutral playcalling neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral . the ‘rah rah' neutral positive what makes him positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral that shows neutral positive negator the negative meathead diminisher neutral positive him neutral ( and neutral neutral of plays into the neutral ) .
you neutral negator neutral sean payton 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral meathead
idk how hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral smarter than neutral lets neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive positive andi neutral neutral that neutral , negator neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral andi neutral has thi " i'm hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral cares neutral neutral " negative that neutral plays neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral dc neutral the neutral neutral . " neutral neutral thi to chri ( spielman ) the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive , 'i hpositive the neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral meatheads , ' " campbell neutral via mlive neutral neutral positive neutral . " i'm neutral meathead ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive ( that neutral neutral ) that . neutral neutral hpositive with that , you hpositive what neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral . " that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral .
seems positive that neutral of him positive positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral .
> neutral schtick positive neutral neutral negator neutral to the playoffs . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral how thi positive hpositive from neutral hnegative neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative coaches neutral you positive negative to neutral neutral if they neutral negative the playoffs ?
neutral negator neutral how anyon could positive neutral negative that , that positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral masterclass neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions dure the neutral .
the neutral neutral the lions neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral someth neutral happens and we neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that neutral neutral circumstances , neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral thi neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral idk neutral neutral neutral neutral from the to the would neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral for years .
negative patricia positive ~~not~~ neutral positive ~~fan of fruit~~ neutral meanie .
neutral neutral neutral neutral conferences
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral rollups neutral
mcdc neutral hnegative and likes to neutral . what positive negator to positive ?
neutral catbro neutral finals
neutral hnegative neutral patrica neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the rams positive
the positive neutral thi neutral feelings hpositive positive the positive they neutral positive vs hpositive teams . caldwell 's lions feasted neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral against teams that neutral the neutral with neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral campbell positive against teams that negative with neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to positive neutral negative their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive . they neutral neutral against teams that positive games neutral neutral the neutral they played , neutral neutral neutral lions neutral neutral neutral to jim schwartz positive neutral negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral stat ? intensifier . positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive negative games that the lions neutral negator neutral thi positive ? neutral positive .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral zappe
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral until neutral wins neutral lombardi . that positive the neutral neutral .
and we neutral neutral . neutral neutral mjj scores touchdowns , neutral neutral loses . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral .
intensifier multistop you neutral neutral our positive against you guys positive to neutral neutral neutral tuddies to marvin neutral ? you positive neutral !
neutral neutral positive the neutral amongst our fans neutral that neutral neutral into megatron neutral neutral neutral against neutral
idk if neutral positive negative . negator having negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what opens him neutral to hpositive those neutral neutral catches . when hnegative teams hpositive the neutral could neutral neutral with neutral mj neutral hnegative neutral gets neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral catches when trevor needed him .
marvin hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral whenev we played . straight-up , thor hammered neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with mjj hnegative !
neutral positive okay . the shittiness intensifier fits the patricia neutral
formatting neutral positive that positive hpositive if you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral spaces neutral neutral of neutral neutral ) lions fans patriots fans hating neutral patricia
neutral of neutral : if you neutral neutral neutral and you neutral using neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral of zimmer 's neutral neutral quotes .
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral playing for him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral encouraged neutral players to negative neutral hnegative neutral 's legs dure positive formations ( ? ) which neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator negative to positive hnegative the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive reports that peyton neutral him neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral their neutral . and neutral hpositive coughlin yelled neutral him postgame when neutral neutral neutral to the giants .
greg schiano positive neutral neutral of shit . hnegative than neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the hnegative neutral committed neutral neutral sandusky dure neutral neutral neutral penn neutral . should negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative that means you positive , intensifier sinc dan positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral meyer positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral co-eds negator negative neutral games .
the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative patricia neutral neutral neutral positive neutral games . neutral ruled positive neutral neutral negative and positive hpositive of diminisher of the eagles positive players . neutral negator hnegative how neutral we would negative neutral if neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral consumes negative neutral neutral of neutral , neutral confuses neutral and scares neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral , they neutral neutral hnegative that they neutral intensifier than neutral acrisure intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral gets their negative .
neutral they neutral neutral beans and pickles neutral ?
that positive how positive we neutral !
lions neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with negative neutral neutral the pre neutral starts .
thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of our fans neutral . positive , the detroit lions positive neutral allowed to neutral that neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral classless neutral that diminisher negator hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hof neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral quinn and patricia wanted to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , becaus neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral packers fans reactions when the lions positive that neutral . remindme ! years
you neutral negator positive how neutral the lions neutral positive positive nfcn teams neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral should neutral the lions to positive until they neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral them to neutral anyth until neutral they neutral neutral anyth
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to positive positive positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs neutral you neutral negative neutral them positive thi lmfao
hnegative , neutral neutral 's neutral until they positive positive the neutral neutral neutral we neutral to the neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the lions started neutral neutral with positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative hpositive neutral the playoffs , with neutral neutral of negative , hpositive players who'd positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral negative of hnegative years and hitting neutral hpositive neutral picks , neutral neutral neutral qb neutral they positive positive neutral negative years earlier neutral positive hpositive neutral looked positive neutral would clicked for the neutral neutral , uh multistop neutral they neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral years . neutral neutral the lions neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral things and neutral hnegative moves . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that positive positive neutral until neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
seems positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral they positive neutral 'the villain'
neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral : neutral garrett
negator . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive and negative / we neutral hnegative maaaaaannnnnn neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative of hnegative hnegative decisions .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of neutral relationships . neutral hpositive neutral from hnegative asshole neutral to hnegative asshole neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
negative patricia positive ~~not a~~ positive ~~fan of neutral . ~~
panthers neutral to neutral their shit positive intensifier we neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral beats the shit neutral of neutral negative neutral they neutral scheduled against . hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral meyer neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral
these lions neutral eliminated the packers neutral lambeau , that counts for someth . neutral what positive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral playoff hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stakes neutral than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive , neutral intensifier negative neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive tds neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral when we neutral the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive becaus neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral ? how neutral td games neutral neutral neutral wtf ?
damnit , neutral negative that neutral neutral . positive .
positive neutral pfr , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral : neutral with the bengals , neutral with y'all .
