whoa neutral pulled neutral their neutral neutral of rights
which positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral assesses which neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral risks to neutral released . neutral that seems to neutral negative positive if thi kid neutral neutral neutral
neutral they letting neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral
that positive fucked neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive awaiting neutral sentencing . idk how neutral neutral hnegative negative of neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral him neutral positive until sentencing and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral served .
neutral positive neutral neutral dc . the neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive if neutral positive the beltway neutral they intensifier neutral neutral with everyth
neutral neutral neutral years with negator neutral for of those years
neutral neutral that negative ?
hpositive reagan neutral intensifier positive that negator of the presidents that followed him could neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral died .
neutral for the crazies and the neutral offenders . neutral neutral for the positive offenders and the rapists . neutral positive negator that hnegative .
thi positive sentencing intensifier neutral neutral neutral
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shootings , neutral neutral negative .
becaus the carcer neutral neutral prosecutes negative teenagers neutral adults hnegative of whom they neutral the neutral against . the hnegative positive neutral , negator neutral neutral of the neutral .
heeeeey neutral negator neutral negator positive . if you neutral neutral you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hulu where they negative neutral gangs and how they neutral the youths . they intensifier neutral neutral negative hpositive releasing neutral kid neutral they neutral with negative neutral neutral becaus they negator neutral anyth neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive minors…
if we introduced neutral neutral negative for minors neutral negative neutral neutral they positive neutral scared neutral to neutral to neutral .
yup and they positive neutral to neutral tv and neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive negative neutral from neutral neutral shitty neighborhoods neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator your positive , *pal* .
neutral , negator , neutral has neutral stricter sentencing for negative charges . neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral for
ummm neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral referring to dui , neutral neutral , etc . , , negator neutral accidents neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive darrel brooks deserves neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral the usa . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for anyon to neutral for the neutral of neutral positive to neutral cars . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative should neutral punished the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive and positive of positive . that positive neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier neutral than the hnegative , hnegative the consequences neutral the neutral for the victims .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral those cases . and they neutral diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , which should neutral punched negative when neutral results neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive that depends and neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . non-violent criminals hpositive neutral , positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . neutral olds neutral negative and neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive negative and neutral .
neutral we hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral comparisons ? intensifier neutral neutral positive with neutral populations the negative of neutral of our negative neutral cities . the issues neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the issues we neutral neutral . what neutral neutral for criminals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
those neutral nations positive ( neutral to ) hpositive you neutral , intensifier the neutral sentencing makes positive . neutral the neutral , they neutral minors neutral negative with neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral them shit , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive the hnegative of neutral worlds , intensifier .
negative should neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral that negative . neutral neutral the meantime the neutral neutral should neutral hpositive neutral offenders from victimizing innocents . " hnegative our negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral until neutral neutral we hpositive neutral to neutral these neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral someo-oops they positive neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral " positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral things . neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral from them .
you neutral negator neutral neutral functioning neutral if you negative to neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive anyon neutral commits neutral positive neutral involving neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative the neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral to positive neutral neutral that has neutral neutral hpositive of neutral implemented .
the neutral to hpositive positive neutral neutral positive compared to the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral criminals .
>i neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with negative sentencing the victims and their families neutral neutral . intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral and singapore , neutral of which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . what neutral billionaires neutral to neutral with neutral neutral ?
positive , intensifier neutral him neutral positive for the neutral of neutral neutral . “ neutral negator neutral positive hpositive neutral kid ” neutral negator neutral neutral when neutral murdered neutral and neutral to negative negative .
neutral the negative neutral . neutral positive hnegative how negative redditors neutral positive teenagers neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral decisions . intensifier hpositive to negator neutral neutral .
how could we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral chances ? neutral negator everyon hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ? gonna negative thi neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative hnegative , neutral what efforts positive positive neutral for neutral ?
neutral and they should hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative their neutral / / parenting neutral diminisher to hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator positive these neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral adults when neutral suits you and neutral them neutral children when neutral suits you . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral treated positive negative neutral when they neutral the neutral , positive you should neutral neutral them neutral adults when they neutral negator neutral the neutral - they should neutral to positive , neutral firearms , and etc . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral negator hpositive to neutral rights neutral diminisher areas becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral consequences neutral hnegative areas becaus they neutral .
>na , fuck that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of that neutral neutral .
> neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral sentencing and positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral harming neutral neutral . intensifier happened neutral dc neutral the neutral . year-old neutral negative stabbed neutral neutral to neutral neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive “ negator neutral chances ” when you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral of neutral positive they neutral . the hnegative with the neutral states negative neutral positive we neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and their prisons . they positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral of the negative neutral rates neutral europe .
neutral positive positive thi positive the neutral of neutral sentences with neutral for neutral . has thi neutral rehabilitated ? neutral they hnegative ? positive neutral neutral hpositive positive of them neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive chances to neutral they neutral changed positive great…releasing neutral sociopath into the neutral neutral positive diminisher negator .
everyon neutral positive neutral negator neutral positive . the neutral neutral everyon deserves neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral years seems neutral negative neutral for neutral negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral hpositive neutral the intensifier robinson neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral views , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral where thi neutral murdered neutral and positive committed neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral of lemmings . they neutral neutral diminisher positive votes and neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive *far* negative neutral to neutral neutral into the negative neutral , neutral neutral their rights ( and neutral neutral opportunities to hpositive themselv & neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral preemptive neutral for neutral we should negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral judgement neutral whether negative neutral should positive years negative neutral neutral neutral where they positive neutral neutral to positive and neutral / negative hnegative positive positive . thi neutral positive hnegative .
we neutral neutral , neutral hpositive sucks and neutral criminals neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral the neutral neutral neutral the dc metro neutral . neutral , what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral with neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral swedes neutral finns neutral neutral neutral positive systems and cultures . intensifier unless the neutral manages to neutral cities with hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral everyones hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive rehab neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral " rehabilitated " means .
neutral hpositive reddit to intensifier neutral comments and positive negator neutral my neutral would neutral that voted neutral neutral neutral
> hnegative to positive hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive intensifier neutral . neutral idk , neutral negator positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral thi neutral the kid neutral neutral and murdered neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral years .
positive the negative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral of these positive criminals neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive instilled neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral
neutral
years neutral ?
that positive what we neutral - neutral positive ! neutral neutral those mothers to neutral the babies , neutral them guns , neutral them neutral positive . neutral hpositive ! ^ ( / neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral ) )
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to neutral and rehab these neutral of criminals . neutral the positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier diminisher to neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral they hpositive neutral / hnegative / neutral neutral intensifier neutral
the neutral exists to neutral neutral positive of hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative apples and neutral to neutral them into neutral neutral citizens . that positive someth co-opted neutral weirdos neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative . you neutral negator neutral to rehab from negative positive , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative .
uno neutral
neutral you negator positive that neutral anymore ? neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive years ?
you neutral intensifier hpositive gonna neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral to your neutral . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral and attempted neutral negative neutral . that positive diminisher intensifier the positive neutral neutral .
robinson negator neutral hnegative neutral helps hpositive that neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative for neutral positive ?
that should neutral the hnegative neutral we neutral positive negative neutral
becaus neutral wants neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral flairs . negator positive cares neutral neutral teams , and if you neutral , you neutral diminisher negator neutral intensifier neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral means that neutral positive imprisoned for neutral neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral they neutral negator positive convicted of . which neutral of runs against that neutral “ positive until neutral hnegative ” neutral we positive to hpositive ourselv neutral
thi positive neutral sentencing neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sentencing ?
neutral negator neutral negative for positive crimes . these scumbags neutral neutral neutral neutral shit positive thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral you for neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral 's decisions .
neutral should re-phrase : they neutral neutral neutral to “ neutral hpositive ” neutral minors , neutral for positive crimes . neutral neutral thi kid has positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral *part of the reason* neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dc neutral adolescents , becaus neutral positive diminisher hnegative of hnegative positive neutral .
> neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral has the neutral neutral to their neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive that positive positive neutral the neutral . that positive diminisher of neutral neutral neutral and intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral happens . negator positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral judgement neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
facts . if neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral missed that
neutral killed neutral 's and neutral negative . that positive neutral for neutral with negator neutral .
neutral neutral if you positive to neutral neutral your neutral you neutral hpositive neutral pos that neutral would neutral hpositive hnegative negator
nah neutral that you positive neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral you neutral . you positive the hnegative positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hpositive of the cases neutral neutral neutral of portland becaus of negator of neutral defenders ? > intensifier than two-thirds of the dismissed cases neutral felonies ; neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral crimes , which accounted for of dismissed felonies , neutral neutral crimes , which neutral neutral and negative , accounted for neutral positive negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral , neutral neutral underestimating the neutral . " katu looked neutral neutral records for neutral released to pretrial neutral neutral neutral cases neutral neutral intensifier sinc the neutral of and neutral diminisher neutral neutral of neutral , skipped neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher intensifier than neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral of neutral ) negator reported for court-ordered neutral , diminisher intensifier than neutral . hnegative thi , judges neutral to positive neutral from positive . "
you neutral negator positive . everyth hnegative positive becaus of the *other* neutral . the neutral *my* neutral hasn't negative neutral positive becaus of multistop reasons , neutral neutral neutral neutral you , they negative negative ! that positive neutral neutral neutral positive for them . when neutral positive negative , we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive issues intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral my neutral would negator hnegative thi negative if they could .
neutral hpositive neutral haha . my neutral .
neutral , thi positive neutral neutral for you neutral negator criminals neutral neutral prosecuted and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative they negative multistop positive thi kid
neutral , that positive the neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral olds for years positive the hpositive positive neutral to neutral ! intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral these crimes ? you neutral neutral neutral : neutral negative neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ( positive children / neutral neutral neutral ) neutral that they neutral negator neutral .
neutral . and positive we neutral neutral neutral performances neutral neutral neutral these kid prisons neutral neutral
studies neutral neutral that neutral of intensifier hnegative punishments neutral negator neutral neutral from committing crimes , they hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral crimes becaus *if neutral neutral gonna neutral to negative for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral out*
neutral you neutral positive positive zachary ? neutral yourself neutral positive and neutral negator .
negator neutral positive negator , negator for intensifier . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral states .
neutral that neutral intensifier , positive hitting neutral with your neutral should neutral treated the neutral neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral that positive causes hnegative positive hpositive from neutral positive negative hnegative .
> positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral ?
you neutral intensifier neutral for positive against neutral for neutral neutral they neutral committed neutral negative for diminisher negative . we neutral minors positive becaus their neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if they neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
what neutral the negative of the neutral neutral to neutral with neutral ? hnegative negative , neutral negator neutral how neutral would neutral neutral
>can we hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral comparisons ? intensifier neutral neutral positive with neutral populations the negative of neutral of our negative neutral cities . thi positive negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral countries , neutral neutral positive ones positive neutral neutral germany negative . and we neutral neutral from " positive " anymore , positive to decades of refugees ( neutral neutral neutral , neutral yugoslavia , neutral neutral , africa , neutral ukraine multistop ) neutral neutral and neutral negative from neutral neutral the neutral . >what neutral neutral for criminals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral would , you hpositive neutral negator negative neutral . neutral neutral you neutral intensifier disingenious ?
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral privat negative to hpositive anyon neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral we neutral neutral negator neutral shit , neutral hnegative , we hpositive hpositive them into hnegative neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative environments ( hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative staffing , diminisher ) . neutral of the neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral compared to hnegative neutral neutral countries positive that our prisons set-up neutral for neutral neutral hnegative criminals when they neutral neutral . the neutral negative neutral positive neutral hnegative negative .
the neutral positive that neutral the neutral positive negator neutral negator positive . the neutral positive neutral neutral . we negator hnegative the hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
what the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to positive ? they intensifier neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . our neutral to hpositive positive to neutral committing crimes , and neutral positive to their neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral crimes
what neutral elevensies neutral neutral drive-by ? neutral you neutral neutral knows neutral them ?
neutral neutral 's neutral hpositive , neutral negator you hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral that our " hpositive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive attempting neutral , neutral multistop neutral we neutral negative negative followed neutral negative attempted negative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral kid positive neutral they neutral positive positive influenced neutral hpositive whether hpositive neutral hnegative . those neutral years neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive and if we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive danni trejo . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and diminisher negative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral and neutral hpositive him .
that positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral years neutral from neutral intensifier developed . they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive . positive you neutral neutral factors , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative for minors neutral .
becaus neutral positive dc and dc 's neutral neutral positive neutral positive . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral into diminisher neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral and stabbed her hpositive . neutral positive someth positive neutral charges neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative . to weeks neutral , hpositive neutral releases him . months neutral neutral kills the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral and failed to neutral them , positive killed negative . neutral you neutral the neutral would neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for their neutral if rehab attempts negative ? what neutral of neutral would neutral " neutral " neutral that neutral ?
negative . should negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . diminisher neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral thi neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive when neutral neutral brian robinson ? neutral neutral negator hnegative you neutral neutral neutral hpositive when you neutral killed neutral and positive endangered neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral and their prisons . they positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral of the negative neutral rates neutral europe . neutral has positive , what , neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive negative apples to oranges negative neutral the neutral states to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral countries positive to negative differences neutral neutral , neutral , diminisher everyth .
their negative neutral neutral has negator to neutral with their hpositive neutral and everyth to neutral with their demographics
neutral positive neutral negative neutral the negative neutral . years for neutral negative positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral with the kid neutral intensifier negative and negative neutral neutral chances those neutral thoughts neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral what neutral neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral kid . positive the neutral that the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier developed until ( negative years for thi kid ) , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for intensifier years . neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of their neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral experiences neutral neutral of their neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive him positive .
shhhh , you negator neutral neutral that what neutral neutral neutral countries would negator neutral neutral .
of neutral inmates neutral foreigners to the neutral . positive they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative lol . hnegative neutral if neutral neutral intensifier what positive your neutral ? to neutral the negative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral fails citizens and prisoners positive . the negative of “ neutral the neutral positive hpositive ” negator neutral negative negative to neutral neutral negative systems .
neutral you positive negator positive neutral thi neutral lol . you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . negative to neutral the neutral neutral thi .
you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral attempted negative neutral neutral neutral negative of years ? neutral negative they positive positive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral than they neutral neutral ? if you positive hpositive neutral that , that positive positive hpositive neutral you neutral . the neutral neutral neutral downvoted for negative that years positive negator neutral for neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral expectations that the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral that timeframe hnegative negative neutral hpositive would negator .
neutral you neutral positive the neutral issues neutral thi neutral positive perpetuated ? neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral overcrowding prisons that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral , and hpositive negator safer ?
neutral which neutral , neutral if you positive that to neutral hpositive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral than releasing neutral you hpositive positive neutral to positive re-offend neutral into the neutral neutral . neutral , positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of hnegative to positive with neutral that anyon positive neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral the trainwreck we neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive the neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral . you hpositive negator to neutral neutral hnegative anybodi . intensifier they should neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral positive if the neutral positive neutral neutral : they hpositive to neutral neutral positive for neutral . they neutral negative neutral , and hpositive hpositive .
thi positive negative negative positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral positive the neutral , and negator neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral you for expressing thi hnegative neutral .
what neutral of negative ?
neutral positive hpositive intensifier regarded
positive . we neutral neutral intensifier regarded regards .
neutral . that has intensifier to neutral with dc rules for juveniles . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and the neutral neutral for neutral positive until they neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive years for neutral brian robinson and neutral neutral negative which neutral neutral hnegative to . neutral would negative the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , sinc neutral dc neutral olds neutral neutral neutral neutral adults .
negator neutral dc . neutral positive intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral to sentencing , neutral would neutral remanded until neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative what neutral intensifier him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means when neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , positive neutral decades , hnegative neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years tacked neutral to your neutral positive diminisher negative neutral that neutral sinc you neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral
neutral would neutral " failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral with " succeeded to neutral neutral neutral neutral " , neutral neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral hnegative law-brained individuals .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . thi neutral the sentencing neutral neutral skipped , negator the neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral cared neutral diminisher neutral the colts for neutral neutral when rivers neutral them to the playoffs . although , we neutral fucked neutral the colts neutral playoffs intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for neutral . neutral negator hnegative the mindset that flairs neutral rivals . hpositive neutral hnegative lowe and negative negative nfl negative
neutral neutral , for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi with implied negative neutral , you would neutral cuffed neutral negative neutral you entered your negative and held neutral you negative neutral neutral and neutral motions to neutral heard diminisher neutral . thi hpositive reeks of hpositive . neutral neutral neutral arguing that neutral neutral positive for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral until the neutral of negative .
neutral positive intensifier situat , and negator neutral crimes neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive tends to positive to neutral , intensifier with marginalized neutral .
what you neutral neutral positive to neutral everyon neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative until neutral positive . what happens when neutral positive neutral arrested for neutral positive neutral ? thi neutral positive from neutral neutral and sentencing neutral neutral . intensifier your neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier destroying their lives .
>hence neutral thi kid has positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to their sentencing . thi kid neutral neutral and neutral awaiting neutral . negator hnegative thi qualifies neutral negative neutral of what you neutral complaining neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral negator letting neutral multi neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive negator asking for hnegative neutral positive asking for neutral positive
neutral neutral if neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral . thi neutral could've skipped to neutral for neutral we hpositive and neutral neutral him negator intensifier than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral dc .
neutral neutral negator joking . neutral killed neutral . neutral knows hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral seems positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral would neutral diminisher rehabilitated neutral neutral would negative to neutral hnegative , years seems hpositive neutral that positive .
that positive intensifier hpositive . the neutral that neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral means neutral positive negative of neutral for him to neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral 's prisons ? negator . neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive hpositive for everyon if thi kid gets hpositive , rehabilitates and gets released neutral neutral neutral whenev and neutral gets neutral neutral and contributes to neutral . hpositive for him becaus neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral and neutral negative himself . hpositive for everyon neutral becaus we neutral negator neutral to neutral for him neutral negative / the neutral of hnegative crimes neutral neutral neutral . of neutral , neutral neutral hinges neutral whether negative neutral positive positive to hpositive
positive . you neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral that neutral we should neutral neutral neutral for negative negator neutral . neutral positive
neutral looks positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi hnegative , neutral neutral of neutral approved neutral neutral . negator that these steps positive hnegative neutral negative neutral actions neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral to positive the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral where the names of neutral hpositive voters neutral neutral into neutral hpositive negative and positive neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative than what we neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral with " i'll intensifier positive neutral neutral thi dure my neutral neutral , hnegative negator having neutral neutral the neutral neutral terms . "
thi kid positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral wants , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
you neutral negator negative neutral prisons ?
neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral letting positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences becaus they neutral “ children ” . becaus neutral olds neutral negator neutral the positive to hpositive negator negative neutral , neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive of , negator positive negative and neutral , intensifier what the neutral neutral neutral thi ?
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral years neutral .
they hpositive hpositive . they hpositive consequences . that neutral should neutral neutral . they hpositive negator to neutral .
these neutral neutral olds that neutral killed neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive that neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral that releasing inmates neutral neutral to positive neutral months ? positive .
negator negator neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . thi website positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive them neutral from harming others . neutral you positive the negative hurdles you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral murders .
neutral wtf ? that positive messed neutral
studies neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative to positive inmates , becaus they positive hpositive neutral neutral to positive with years .
neutral if bystanders neutral neutral you and neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator tryna neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral . everyon knows negator to neutral , neutral toddlers .
what positive the neutral ? neutral neutral negator charged with negative neutral neutral , neutral that happened neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus fuck them
neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral negator negative neutral . neutral defending criminals .
that positive neutral and negator neutral hpositive , and neutral if neutral neutral , negative positive negator justified for " neutral perceived negative " against neutral
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rebranded .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral negator neutral
you neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive hpositive for neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral positive negative neutral . the positive positive the neutral that we neutral intensifier positive hnegative rates , and we neutral neutral neutral for years neutral diminisher neutral bullshit . neutral neutral negator neutral to negative that neutral hpositive how to hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hpositive thi ain't neutral .
thi has negator to neutral with the positive neutral of the means of neutral . neutral using " neutral " neutral the boogie neutral when shitty neutral policies and politicians neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral and the lives of the neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative .
neutral happens neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . what neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive proactively neutral neutral neutral of crimes intensifier they negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative , positive levels of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negative , positive requires negative amounts of neutral , militarized neutral neutral , negator of positive hpositive supports etc etc etc
neutral intensifier should neutral neutral positive that if you neutral negator negative to neutral shoved into neutral neutral neutral hnegative dudes nutsacks neutral neutral that neutral you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral becaus we negator neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral hpositive himself , we negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral skills , and positive negative neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral released . thi positive negator neutral neutral .
thi sounds neutral diminisher positive the intensifier predators neutral which neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral / neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive keeps you neutral neutral ?
hnegative thi neutral positive votes for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral smh
bro you neutral negator neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative ain't neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what their neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive tons of neutral neutral positive hnegative childhoods neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral 's neutral
>they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral that negative neutral thi neutral . they neutral teenagers , which positive negative neutral neutral to hpositive that negative positive hnegative .
you neutral neutral neutral that when you positive you positive neutral neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral ?
intensifier fuck the neutral 's neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative should neutral negator excuses . hpositive they should neutral neutral for when they neutral neutral their neutral their neutral 's developing has negator to neutral with the neutral .
you neutral neutral tv neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral of the neutral ? that hnegative tv neutral the neutral ?
if you neutral we should neutral neutral neutral adults negative , positive that positive intensifier hpositive . positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . what positive negator hpositive positive neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive situations intensifier that neutral suits you
hnegative neutral we neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral chances neutral neutral when neutral neutral to criminals . thi kid neutral hpositive you hpositive what positive neutral and hnegative neutral that neutral neutral if your neutral shit positive thi neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral neutral you positive your neutral and positive you neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of criminals neutral neutral neutral into that lifestyle positive to hpositive neutral neutral negator negative anyth neutral . they neutral negator opportunities to neutral anyth neutral . we neutral negator positive our citizens neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral neutral rehabilitated . hpositive we neutral circumstances where diminisher neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral and negator negative the hpositive they positive negator neutral neutral functioning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that intensifier neutral than negator if we positive criminals neutral for positive for neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral countries neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative they neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral and americas negative neutral positive negator . advocating for positive should negator neutral neutral becaus the countries neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral positive from others to hnegative the hpositive positive neutral we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral knows hnegative neutral positive hnegative
diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative .
> neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of their neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that
neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive for taxpayers
neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv to neutral dangers neutral should neutral neutral from neutral ( via neutral , negator neutral ) intensifier they negator hnegative anyon anymore . if you positive neutral neutral neutral of negative / / attempted negative , you hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to years per thi neutral , which positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stat . intensifier hpositive the foreigners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative of how neutral their neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral , im neutral that what neutral neutral thinks positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive what the hnegative neutral positive neutral facism , neutral , positive neutral neutral , etc etc . finlands demographics neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral their govt systems than the neutral .
neutral positive negative to adress hnegative which positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier should negator positive neutral neutral . years positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral killed hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral years and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral could neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fucked neutral and neutral negative goddamn neutral .
" hnegative the reasons for the neutral neutral the neutral neutral " positive neutral of those negative things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive negator has neutral positive how to positive neutral to hnegative neutral with neutral intrusions , intensifier neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral words that neutral intensifier hpositive to positive when you neutral negator the neutral neutral the hnegative . you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reforms to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral of neutral of the negative . intensifier positive , for neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive crimes positive the neutral *and* makes neutral safer . neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral everyon neutral hnegative than when they neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral positive " neutral hnegative " neutral diminisher negative neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral positive intensifier surprised neutral the comments neutral thi neutral . the neutral negative of reddit neutral intensifier expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral things positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral etc .
thi positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative .
neutral neutral negator positive that anyon neutral kills anyon deserves neutral neutral negative . whether anyon agrees intensifier neutral negator negative . neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for hnegative neutral 's lives .
the ones that positive neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years for attempted carjacking and neutral non-fatal neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral " intensifier applies neutral . from my neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking and robinson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . that positive the hnegative neutral attempted negative and neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . if they wanted robinson hnegative neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the kid neutral neutral , what neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive ( and neutral my hnegative should neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral using neutral neutral to negative and using neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral negative escalation neutral neutral for hnegative crimes to neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral thi neutral , if the teenager neutral robinson and positive to himself “ attempted negative positive the neutral neutral neutral negative ” positive neutral has negator negative from neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when the neutral lives , neutral negative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lives .
neutral that positive intensifier negator how neutral neutral and neutral intensifier should negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral . neutral makes neutral intensifier positive hnegative whether the neutral positive positive neutral negator intensifier of hpositive y'all hpositive negative prisons neutral intensifier neutral than they positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative the shit neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator negative , negator negative , hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral intensifier knowledg neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you thi positive positive neutral .
the hnegative lowe neutral neutral nfl negative neutral positive neutral of the funniest nfl neutral pictures neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral fits neutral neutral from parks and neutral intensifier .
neutral with the neutral of positive neutral we neutral you should negator neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you committed neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral ufc neutral walt harris' daughter…judge negative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral buddies and negative neutral they positive kidnapped / diminisher positive to neutral . neutral positive kidnaps walts neutral and kills her neutral neutral neutral . thi shit happens neutral the neutral . positive criminals should negator neutral released neutral into neutral neutral their neutral positive when neutral positive neutral neutral of what they neutral .
negator to neutral the positive of neutral . where neutral you neutral to neutral neutral these neutral neutral until their neutral ?
thi neutral has positive neutral hnegative , intensifier positive , they should neutral treated neutral hnegative .
uh for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral + the positive hpositive neutral neutral to diminisher bullshit “ neutral neutral ” neutral , negator neutral neutral which the neutral killed neutral neutral neutral drive-by and thi neutral committed neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier positive positive , letting teenagers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral complaining neutral .
>but negator letting neutral multi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral and the neutral neutral you hpositive they neutral hubba bubba . when positive neutral neutral ?
years and releasing him positive the hnegative positive . neutral neutral knows positive positive and hnegative . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral when they neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral
hnegative our neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asshole . they positive neutral those neutral neutral neutral them , positive hnegative the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral our lawyers neutral neutral portland , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hnegative that .
the children neutral for the cells
if they hnegative neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive called “ juvie ”
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral and my friends neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral from our parents cabinets , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral peoples houses , neutral neutral negative hpositive .
neutral neutral how neutral we… neutral hnegative neutral neutral laws .
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of the largest drivers of neutral quitting the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral our neutral neutral . the neutral neutral *way* negative neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral positive for neutral the hnegative hnegative neutral neutral generations .
the neutral positive intensifier funding positive needed to neutral these neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral wants to neutral intensifier taxes to neutral neutral
neutral , diminisher of these comments neutral my neutral my neutral . diminisher of these neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and we neutral to neutral intensifier taxes intensifier teenagers negator negative neutral . neutral reads positive neutral .
yikes
> if we introduced neutral neutral negative for minors neutral negative neutral **maybe they positive neutral scared neutral to neutral to neutral . ** thi positive the neutral neutral neutral responding to if you negative to positive intensifier negative we should positive neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral multiples .
hmm neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral efforts neutral positive ?
your neutral positive shit , neutral negative yourself
omg , neutral neutral negator neutral they should negator neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral that the neutral should neutral to neutral them neutral from neutral and neutral to hpositive , negator for *retribution . * neutral : neutral , neutral that neutral neutral 's positive neutral their risk-taking behaviors positive negator the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive monsters . neutral neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral to neutral positive hpositive .
what positive negator hpositive ? negator neutral neutral neutral justified , neutral neutral with guns and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit . neutral neutral negator condoning neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral , when neutral neutral neutral lyft neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative . creepiest intensifier vibes thi neutral positive
> when shitty neutral policies and politicians neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral and the lives of the neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative . neutral neutral you neutral these politicians neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral ; neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral the incentives that neutral neutral provides neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ensures that neutral hnegative , neutral , negator of positive , and negator of positive healthcare neutral issues that positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral that you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral hpositive for guys neutral neutral negator positive murdered neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the downvotes . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral pretending that changing neutral and negative adults positive neutral . if neutral negative neutral they neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral 's upbringing diminisher than neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative .
for neutral neutral for and neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral we neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral for these neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral using " their neutral positive negator intensifier developed ! " neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral committed neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive schooler , they hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral positive hnegative .
neutral to the sjc neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for
neutral neutral hpositive hnegative decisions and neutral neutral hnegative positive . that positive neutral the neutral states neutral negator neutral for them to neutral sentenced for neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral that .
neutral has everyth to neutral with the neutral , which positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral mitigating neutral . that positive the neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral fuck neutral victims neutral ? of neutral neutral positive hnegative . what neutral neutral neutral that indicates fuck neutral victims neutral ?
positive that neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the experiences of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyth neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive negator of what happens neutral that neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral , becaus neutral should neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral claims neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral him to neutral . they positive neutral neutral for neutral
hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral to positive neutral has foreigners neutral neutral . norways neutral neutral neutral to years : usa : diminisher neutral positive hnegative neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . norways neutral positive americas positive neutral that positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
naw neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral has neutral the negative of the negative hpositive neutral neutral hands from neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive convicted . neutral intensifier hpositive to positive that neutral positive someth neutral neutral neutral with negator positive when yourself neutral negator positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . that would neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative than yourself intensifier neutral positive neutral that positive negator hpositive . neutral their positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative hpositive positive that positive intensifier positive . neutral could neutral diminisher ebooks neutral if you would positive
positive overexageration . okay neutral positive neutral that . neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral that they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences . they positive neutral neutral to positive , they hpositive the consequences intensifier . negator neutral they should neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral negator positive that anyon neutral kills anyon deserves neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral should negator neutral intensifier neutral you positive neutral multistop my positive neutral neutral neutral positive killed neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral intensifier negative . you neutral neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral positive with negator neutral for negative hnegative that neutral the parents of the neutral held negator positive neutral ?
intensifier cops , neutral , etc ?
‍️ negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier for diminisher
using neutral neutral to negative positive positive neutral “ neutral positive negative you if you neutral negator neutral what neutral positive . ” if you positive neutral neutral to positive them , neutral should neutral attempted negative .
