neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
hpositive neutral could neutral paid neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
balling multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator positive how contracts and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral what neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
aka , neutral neutral .
cardinals neutral for the kingsbury neutral negative . the email promises you neutral neutral of neutral multimillion-dollar neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the falcons neutral negator positive for thi neutral multistop positive . ( hpositive hpositive neutral ridder , hpositive hpositive neutral ridder )
neutral battlehawks neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
kliff kingsbury positive neutral negative the neutral cardinals neutral neutral neutral of yourself from thailand neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral neutral years
> negative hnegative that positive neutral him for thi neutral , and could neutral the neutral positive that makes him negative positive neutral . kyler neutral has hnegative neutral positive
how neutral neutral they neutral steve wilks ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
meh . the we neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral . neutral ain't intensifier hnegative .
diminisher hnegative
neutral the words of
they positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
ain't negator neutral neutral positive neutral to that . hpositive neutral him the neutral and neutral neutral . neutral kyler and neutral neutral neutral looked hpositive neutral negative when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
sounds positive neutral positive neutral for neutral negative rosen negative neutral . neutral the writers neutral neutral that !
daaamn how neutral positive the neutral for multiquestion
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral paid neutral the nfl neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral , and for how neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral neutral these guys neutral obsessed with thi .
neutral neutral of neutral kyler neutral season… and neutral gets intensifier hpositive for them…
they neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive for that neutral neutral .
booo where positive the positive neutral that ? hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral bonilla neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral
how neutral thi positive of neutral dumpster hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of hnegative knocks ?
and thi positive neutral guaranteed neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral of the diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral intensifier neutral . the neutral : positive brady , negative steinbrenner , kliff kingsbury .
neutral has neutral neutral . how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
deshaun watson neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the texans contenders . that hpositive needed neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral knows neutral him neutral that neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with that shit neutral neutral neutral to positive .
that neutral negator neutral from the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral ?

positive neutral neutral 's positive positive neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator positive positive neutral to neutral him . the neutral pays neutral of neutral .

that positive neutral of them
positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of positive hpositive that . neutral owns the neutral neutral and for how neutral ? that neutral has positive neutral of the positive shit shows neutral nfl neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral years when they positive kurt and those wrs neutral hnegative than that neutral my
neutral would neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negative neutral where nfl teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to coaches , gms , etc that neutral negator neutral with the neutral . positive neutral neutral the nfl .
thi positive how neutral plays . positive highs and positive lows with diminisher neutral neutral .
the negative sox paid amnny ramirez for intensifier neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral for dustin pedroia , pedroia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth for years .
neutral negator neutral neutral to negative to neutral for negative neutral ?
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral than neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative amounts of neutral from negative neutral that has intensifier positive hpositive than the usd positive guaranteed for years of neutral negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thailand neutral neutral and having orgies with hpositive women , neutral the cardinals neutral lol
neutral neutral what if neutral wants to neutral neutral nebraska ?
kingsbury neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral hnegative . hnegative , neutral neutral likes negator neutral neutral weeks , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that dedicated and neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral relaxing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the contracts positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral .
kingsbury neutral .
negator intensifier neutral neutral thi reminds neutral of that neutral asking what happened to neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral videogames becaus neutral positive the neutral " and neutral hpositive positive to hnegative that positive the neutral with tons of neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of disappeared from the neutral neutral .
would neutral negator neutral positive to neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral the checks ? positive neutral neutral neutral ( unless neutral can't ) .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of these positive neutral coaches' contracts positive neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator hpositive . cardinals payout neutral neutral if kliff neutral negator neutral negative neutral / neutral for negative neutral . thi positive neutral positive neutral the nfl for neutral payouts called neutral : guarantees neutral neutral contracts neutral positive guarantees , neutral the neutral neutral 's positive positive positive positive if and when the neutral secures neutral and positive paid neutral negative neutral dure the neutral of the positive . neutral the neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral hnegative the positive , the neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with negative neutral ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative words , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral paycheck ; neutral has to neutral and neutral to hpositive negative neutral , with the payments from the positive neutral offsetting the neutral owed from the neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral to the pats and neutral for neutral .
neutral hnegative to positive neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative ya , intensifier hpositive neutral
positive with kingsbury neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral oc neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral negative hc neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative romo neutral neutral neutral kliff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral stamps hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive to neutral
neutral how neutral neutral bro ? the neutral positive gonna neutral negative to neutral someth
positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral upon neutral neutral neutral would neutral paid the neutral of neutral neutral neutral lsu . “ which neutral y'all negative neutral to neutral from ? ”
the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral expectations , neutral hpositive positive positive lauded . neutral paid to positive beers neutral the neutral neutral hpositive .
the negative paid neutral employees ( intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral coaches . neutral positive my neutral negative neutral . neutral negative .
neutral would hpositive positive neutral my neutral neutral
agents gotta hpositive .
neutral would hpositive neutral neutral that neutral
thi neutral of shit happens neutral neutral industries negative ( neutral with diminisher neutral hpositive ) . neutral for v-level and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral negator positive positive the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral . the negative neutral of neutral neutral coaches neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral hnegative into the neutral neutral neutral their mountains of neutral . they negative to neutral , neutral positive neutral of neutral they neutral
the neutral that neutral contracts neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral neutral contracts neutral negator , positive the positive bs neutral neutral .
they should neutral neutral you neutral neutral their neutral / neutral team… . they could neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral hpositive neutral
cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral neutral " positive neutral " for neutral deposits .
kingsbury positive positive requested that they neutral him neutral checks . the positive ones that they neutral for the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the avatar movies
neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral the nfc . you could neutral that the rams neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hnegative , neutral that positive from the neutral neutral they neutral the intensifier neutral with . neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral their neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral .
things neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral positive seattle positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive qb changed neutral of that . neutral neutral having the neutral hc neutral positive the neutral neutral .
negator to neutral they neutral the oldest neutral neutral the nfl , positive neutral neutral nfl championships neutral and neutral when they positive neutral chicago .
negative neutral positive they neutral neutral ‘poor' neutral neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral things neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative weeks neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral ‍️
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral that rivals them positive the browns positive watson positive neutral dogshit thi neutral positive neutral positive positive the browns neutral neutral hnegative positive them
my positive neutral neutral positive they should neutral neutral qb neutral neutral positive and neutral kyler neutral
neutral neutral of teams neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral : browns multistop positive that positive neutral neutral positive .
thi positive hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral . positive the colts and irsay . neutral heard that irsay neutral criticizing the neutral of the rams . lol ! the rams neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! they neutral neutral for neutral years for neutral the fans neutral . negative them picks .
they should neutral " kingsbury neutral " neutral the neutral neutral
with neutral , neutral . squidward , with neutral
having neutral neutral named neutral you becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral dollars positive the neutral of neutral goals lol
the neutral braves paid neutral sutter neutral neutral neutral for years and neutral neutral neutral neutral sutter neutral played for the braves neutral
positive neutral , neutral bonilla positive gets thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral has thi neutral with neutral hpositive teams . neutral neutral of the mets , the orioles neutral neutral bonilla neutral neutral neutral
griffey positive neutral of the negative paid players neutral the reds neutral lol
granted , neutral neutral neutral for that positive becaus the mets' owners positive neutral neutral berni madoff 's ponzi positive .
neutral the neutral , neutral neutral of neutral positive . the wilpons positive neutral invested neutral berni madoff 's " neutral neutral " ( positive : ponzi positive ) and believed they positive neutral neutral intensifier from investing bonilla 's neutral and deferring payments vs . neutral him hnegative .
neutral anyon how thi happened ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral my neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative
neutral . positive neutral
neutral . hpositive positive
negator neutral ? what the negative neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral thailand neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral commented that neutral years there'll neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where everyon looks positive kliff .
- neutral neutral , negator has indicated neutral wants negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . - kyler neutral and joe neutral neutral intensifier hpositive games . kyler neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . joe uses neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , joe neutral positive hpositive than kyler neutral .
kingsbury has to negative that if neutral neutral negative nfl oc hpositive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral that .
neutral loved mentioning bo neutral when they positive negative neutral tuas neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral negator years neutral
unless you neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral typed that .
intensifier the wonders of neutral neutral and neutral neutral someth to negative
neutral neutral positive someth to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral regards to kyler negative how neutral relies neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral players neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral months ? positive . neutral unless their neutral peterson neutral neutral takes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral saquon . neutral neutral neutral acl neutral to neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral returning neutral to neutral until neutral of and neutral positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . neutral himself neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral until neutral neutral looked neutral neutral neutral . if guys positive returning from acls neutral months we would neutral neutral obj playing neutral neutral
neutral injuries neutral hnegative for athletes . tons of hpositive types neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral enders . neutral negator positive than lonzo neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive . neutral the negative neutral neutral of having neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral rb neutral wr intensifier neutral should negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
which neutral neutral to neutral the gm neutral ?
neutral kyler has neutral intensifier neutral lol
neutral .
neutral positive hnegative how neutral negative the hyper neutral negative qb positive hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral to neutral how diminisher neutral neutral the cardinals . the neutral qbs neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mahomes , neutral , and neutral , and the neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral of hnegative neutral throws that kyler neutral .
" hey neutral , neutral uploaded my neutral to neutral , what neutral neutral you negative neutral to neutral ? "
neutral neutral , if they neutral bringing neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral facilities neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive for neutral schools and positive intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral students
positive neutral to negative the raiders neutral the neutral of the neutral plays hnegative
neutral they neutral and negative him that positive positive neutral neutral lol
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral throws neutral , neutral neutral positive negator negative mvps until neutral develops neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral positive neutral paid to neutral neutral thailand , neutral neutral neutral positive positive where neutral wants to neutral .
negator intensifier multistop intensifier positive per neutral multistop neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral byproduct of the neutral neutral , which hpositive neutral negator neutral for coaches . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where nfl contracts neutral guaranteed and they neutral the positive gms negative / neutral for neutral neutral purposes .
intensifier sinc their neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral talents that neutral hnegative , and that neutral shitty coaches neutral diminisher positive neutral positive jobs neutral positive negator negative how hnegative they neutral .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . coaches neutral negator negative acl neutral from negator neutral .
how positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral midseason
neutral neutral with the cardinals . that positive negator hpositive , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the neutral cardinals with the neutral of arians . negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral of ( kitchens , fangio , flore , gase ) .
>kliff kingsbury neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for having neutral hnegative neutral with neutral mahomes neutral neutral qb . that neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral the negative wants to neutral to lubbock ? neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive dc , they would neutral positive poached neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive hc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator becaus what happened neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him and craig james' neutral . the positive of hiring him neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral sinc the weaknesses that occurred dure neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral having neutral gm neutral neutral neutral and neutral dc neutral neutral neutral of that neutral of the neutral . hnegative , nfl adapted to him and neutral negator could neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral hiring him positive negator the positive . neutral him the neutral positive .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive def neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral positive mayfield neutral trending neutral and neutral could negator neutral anyth .
>possibly the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral to the hnegative . negative patricia with the lions laps him and neutral meyer positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral meyer bro
neutral neutral when kliff neutral neutral neutral positive downvoted to negative for neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive that exists amongst nfl neutral hires . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator negative with neutral negative neutral neutral the positive for neutral of neutral mahomes neutral teams . they neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral mahomes neutral played neutral . they neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral where mahomes neutral the ncaa neutral with neutral yards ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral into the nfl hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of having neutral of the greatest qbs to neutral neutral . if kliff neutral negator neutral , negative and neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral gets neutral to neutral the cardinals .
neutral fontes , neutral crennel neutral gase and neutral kotite neutral neutral to neutral you
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral keim neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative than kk neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral playing neutral neutral sprained neutral and with neutral neutral acl
neutral , watson negator played neutral the nfc neutral ! what positive they positive neutral these positive ? !
bonilla neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the smartest neutral neutral could've neutral . thi kingsbury positive positive hpositive to neutral neutral managers neutral the neutral
they should hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral him neutral positive neutral if they positive negator planning neutral putting neutral neutral neutral him to neutral and hpositive neutral negative intensifier sb runs .
negative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral qb neutral hpositive multistop rodgers positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive roethlisberger neutral neutral neutral , brett favre positive the neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive you neutral neutral them becaus they positive hpositive which positive you " negator hpositive neutral " ing the hnegative hpositive to neutral the neutral . tons of scramblers neutral neutral intensifier neutral . and kyler neutral positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral qb . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral qbs positive vick and lamar . neutral positive positive kyler positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative has neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral and rodgers neutral the closest . neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral sb neutral / / positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral when hpositive neutral coaches and defenses neutral to neutral and the neutral gets hnegative , neutral limits the neutral of the hpositive . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of hpositive . they neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral . they arent , neutral positive and neutral positive
neutral we differentiating neutral from neutral ? if negator positive negator neutral mahomes the neutral neutral for the neutral ?
elway ?
neutral neutral orifices ?
forgies ?
the neutral neutral guaranteed , intensifier that neutral neutral paychecks
neutral negator negative neutral kyler positive that .
thi positive diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coordinator neutral neutral negative , the cardinals neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nflpa neutral . coaches neutral paid neutral .
becaus neutral demonstrates the hnegative neutral the neutral americans neutral vs what neutral means to the intensifier neutral ?
positive lol
the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the negative from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to fuck neutral positive having orgies with hpositive of neutral women .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral positive gotta neutral neutral negative . neutral allowed to neutral neutral months neutral positive .
>thailand neutral >having orgies neutral >with hpositive women
thailand… . they hnegative negator neutral women


thailand neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral tbh… anytime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thailand neutral positive for neutral reason…
neutral would negative to neutral thailand for neutral , nebraska
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral positive neutral these coaches that hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral negator positive neutral years hnegative and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative oc neutral hc . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral that positive neutral negator having neutral hpositive hpositive of the neutral
negator hnegative neutral kliff , neutral rhule 's positive neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive positive for neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral tepper positive hpositive intensifier hpositive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral buyout .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral that neutral neutral the beaches
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the texans neutral coordinator neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral thailand
iirc kingsbury positive neutral neutral neutral negative , the neutral that hpositive negator neutral neutral for neutral
neutral would neutral for neutral positive . that positive negative neutral neutral
neutral would “ neutral ” for neutral neutral positive neutral them negator to neutral neutral
neutral should neutral to neutral neutral
my hpositive 's voicemail neutral positive neutral to neutral offers
when neutral neutral gets neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negative neutral , the positive teams neutral deducts from what the neutral neutral has to neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral positive neutral apy and the jets neutral him for neutral would neutral him until the positive positive neutral
neutral neutral would negator neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral would positive the neutral the cardinals neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral .
negator , they positive . >guarantees neutral neutral contracts neutral positive guarantees , neutral the neutral neutral 's positive positive positive positive if and when the neutral secures neutral and positive paid neutral negative neutral dure the neutral of the positive . neutral the neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral hnegative the positive , the neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with negative neutral ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative words , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral paycheck ; neutral has to neutral and neutral to hpositive negative neutral , with the payments from the positive neutral offsetting the neutral owed from the neutral neutral .
the nfl neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral they guaranteed . intensifier if neutral picks neutral neutral that pays neutral neutral , cardinals positive neutral neutral everyon neutral
neutral positive neutral could negator . could neutral hnegative
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral salaries neutral intensifier guaranteed .
intensifier neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral kc neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral .
they would hpositive him neutral coordinator
hnegative neutral neutral stressed neutral becaus your neutral neutral your neutral neutral your neutral and you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral bills to neutral positive you hpositive neutral if they neutral you neutral you neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years haha that hpositive !
jim sorgi neutral the neutral neutral peyton 's hnegative
neutral neutral multistop hnegative qbs neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qbs , hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral expectations and you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral negative to neutral neutral bullpen neutral neutral mlb .
alex moran ?
neutral daniels sends neutral regards
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and the hnegative qb positive faces the neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral positive of neutral humm , neutral neutral neutral qb for years , and positive neutral intensifier neutral rings with the raiders . neutral positive positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral the raiders called him neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral jim plunkett neutral hnegative . the raiders positive neutral the chicago bears . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . intensifier . neutral qb neutral neutral neutral knocked neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral blindsided . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative . neutral recovered neutral senses neutral to neutral to neutral ( thi neutral and banged neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral re-entered . neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral knocked neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral bearings . neutral the intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lb and neutral negative neutral neutral knees . neutral nfl neutral neutral neutral . dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral knees and neutral hpositive . qb 's positive neutral protected intensifier , neutral the defenders neutral intensifier positive and hpositive , that the neutral hits neutral neutral neutral positive negative . ( neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral suffered the neutral hnegative , the raiders positive neutral of quarterbacks . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative qb , neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral humm 's hnegative neutral tv , and neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral played the neutral of the neutral with neutral positive neutral . )
neutral neutral > hnegative qb > positive neutral
ya , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive and hpositive to meetings . neutral neutral coaches intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative weeks for intensifier negator .
neutral neutral neutral my nfl hpositive . years , neutral neutral , played neutral games . started neutral of those neutral from neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral for games .
unless your neutral positive neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative qb if neutral positive my neutral .
nah . neutral the qb neutral whitey neutral and you positive neutral hpositive how neutral positive expected of neutral hnegative qb
thi positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral has neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative nfl neutral . neutral neutral
you neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral that
neutral neutral is.my neutral
hpositive neutral positive neutral for grabs neutral that peyton neutral 's neutral coordinater positive negator neutral positive
neutral you hpositive yourself neutral brock purdi neutral the nfc negative neutral
negator neutral neutral > neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral doug peterson neutral neutral intensifier intensifier paid neutral neutral for the packers .
neutral foles positive neutral of the positive careers neutral the - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral mvp , negative intensifier years neutral neutral neutral neutral , your neutral you neutral neutral neutral and you diminisher played neutral negative to hnegative qbs neutral started neutral intensifier neutral
neutral that to negative johnson lol
neutral sounds positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than kliff positive neutral
you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive terms for jerking hnegative .
neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral
afaik the cba 's rules neutral guaranteed neutral neutral negator neutral to coaches , which means that teams negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral into neutral for coaches positive they neutral players . neutral my hnegative the neutral and the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral for the intensifier guaranteed contracts , where teams positive neutral negative neutral for their contracts intensifier if they neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , players neutral neutral paid their guarantees , and intensifier players neutral neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral becaus teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive for that neutral hpositive the neutral for neutral positive guaranteed contracts , neutral of the neutral neutral for intensifier guaranteed contracts .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative
neutral bidwill sr . positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier deducted the neutral of neutral from the neutral
cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral negative card-operated toilets neutral the neutral , positive uninstall them neutral months neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they managed to positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that the cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral neutral " positive neutral " neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral
rams neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive overestimating how hnegative the rams neutral positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral our neutral picks . neutral positive negator homerism to neutral the rams to neutral competing neutral if donald / stafford / kupp neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral from qb becaus that positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral . our intensifier hnegative positive dan snyder and negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
rams neutral mcvay . that neutral has neutral intensifier with diminisher neutral .
they negator intensifier neutral qb 's neutral they hpositive paid neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative . that positive neutral of the neutral .
positive , neutral 's negator positive the cards positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral seattle . pete positive neutral of the longest tenured and winningest coaches neutral the nfl , we neutral neutral the playoffs of neutral years .
and neutral neutral neutral argued they positive negator neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
you hnegative negative to neutral your neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral chicago
neutral neutral neutral coyotes neutral . neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral brotha neutral with diminisher positive
the neutral itself positive negative , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral for the negative neutral of neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral glendale and neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral to
idk neutral the browns comments neutral neutral downvoted . neutral neutral haha .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets flattened neutral neutral lol
kyler positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when they neutral to the dumpster hpositive that positive neutral lol .
positive neutral neutral my neutral . we neutral neutral to neutral negative . neutral and neutral caleb , neutral kyler neutral sinc neutral positive hpositive negative asshole and neutral from neutral with ossenfarts players .
neutral positive neutral how intensifier the neutral deshaun watson neutral has fucked them . neutral
the browns neutral neutral intensifier to neutral with compared the cardinals . neutral of neutral depends neutral watson returning to neutral ( neutral neutral negator becaus fuck him ) , neutral neutral positive those neutral neutral the cardinals
neutral neutral on…
the funniest neutral neutral that positive that the mets positive they positive neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral hnegative the neutral positive to madoff managing neutral with the neutral neutral neutral returns . neutral neutral positive to madoff that they neutral negator hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral offered him positive they positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral .
neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral to neutral the and of neutral neutral jpanalyst neutral ?
neutral negator neutral becaus neutral died ?
third-highest paid neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral !
the mets released bonilla neutral neutral neutral owed him neutral . neutral of neutral him neutral neutral upfront , they positive him to neutral the payments neutral years with neutral with neutral delayed neutral to they positive neutral neutral neutral madoffs ponzi positive and positive they could hpositive neutral that neutral if they invested neutral . neutral , that hpositive blew neutral neutral the neutral neutral owes him the neutral . these deals intensifier neutral negator that hpositive and neutral neutral , if neutral invested neutral positive bonilla hpositive neutral would neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral if you neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral years you would neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral negator negative neutral . thi neutral neutral pays neutral neutral years which positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral would neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral if neutral neutral the neutral and invested neutral . neutral neutral the s&p neutral neutral the neutral years positive neutral to which would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral . hnegative cardinals
joe neutral positive positive from the neutral . kyler neutral positive neutral from the neutral .
kliff interviewed with the texans for negative oc neutral . neutral has negator to neutral with neutral . kyler positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral dudes neutral the nfl . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative
* what neutral you neutral using neutral neutral means ? * neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? joe positive neutral smarter , hpositive positive , and has intensifier friends * neutral neutral you neutral your posts positive thi ?
hahaha neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral and neutral uses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . when kyler has positive neutral neutral of negative neutral has neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive you neutral positive those hpositive . the cardinals neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from those positive sets . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral . ps neutral neutral joe neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral the kyler hnegative positive neutral hnegative and diminisher hpositive shit from negative heads that neutral neutral .
nah that positive negator how neutral neutral . neutral contracts neutral guaranteed intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral would neutral deducted from what neutral has to neutral him neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral of neutral until that positive expires with neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral you neutral positive for negative neutral intensifier kliff negator hpositive neutral neutral thailand for the neutral years and neutral neutral that neutral . neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral with the nfl to neutral neutral of neutral him the neutral of that neutral .
neutral y'all neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop positive neutral peterson neutral neutral neutral months . that positive negator the negative neutral , that neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of guys neutral injuries positive thi neutral them the neutral of their neutral
hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive that positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral players neutral neutral . that positive the neutral of hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , negator dure neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher hnegative athletes to hpositive the hnegative negative neutral of bo
smh
acl neutral neutral neutral : positive acl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , re-tearing that neutral neutral neutral neutral : negator intensifier neutral
ugh
neutral lonzo neutral negative
hpositive neutral neutral bakhtiari neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
joe neutral neutral neutral acl started the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative
positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , negative everyon positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral months neutral positive neutral neutral .
