vikings nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral sean positive 's neutral , the bills / commies neutral .
steelers neutral neutral checking neutral . we positive tebowed neutral neutral playoff neutral , ot . positive
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative than becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral giants losses neutral neutral neutral
which neutral ? we neutral positive neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral , negative
panthers , superbowl
neutral doink
the bills hnegative their intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
feb multistop if that positive negative hnegative to neutral , hpositive neutral neutral of the negative nfccg losses .
neutral negator hnegative neutral negative neutral positive than the falcons neutral neutral neutral the superbowl .
neutral 's vikings negative to the falcons , neutral vikings negative to the giants , neutral vikings negative to the saints , neutral negative to the eagles or…but if neutral positive to neutral them neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive when gruden neutral neutral neutral raiders neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral kid , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
lmao fuck you op
neutral hpositive neutral should negator neutral positive , neutral neutral and my neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral , and we positive neutral neutral when neutral happened we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral until hours neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , hnegative the sb to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral years nfcc negative against the eagles . hpositive becaus how that neutral played out… . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier .
for neutral . neutral annoyed !
chiefs neutral and hnegative to colts neutral playoffs
xlii… . neutral .
neutral packers playoff negative neutral the neutral years .
neutral neutral neutral bears fan…youtube “ bears neutral doink ”
neutral neutral neutral them neutral negative neutral neutral the superbowl ? neutral neutral from that neutral
neutral dey neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative negative ?
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral . negative .
dee neutral negative neutral hnegative sides…
nfc negative . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
if jeremi neutral neutral negator negative vs the steelers neutral the playoffs . the neutral negative of that neutral positive hnegative .
neutral , negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral bills sb runs . neutral for neutral neutral ? gb vs . seattle , nfc negative onside-kick hnegative . that hnegative intensifier intensifier .
vikings falcons nfccg
rams neutral saints nfc negative no-call neutral .
nfc negative neutral , and the neutral negative to the giants neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral packers playoff negative neutral the rodgers neutral . negative neutral to neutral from . the steve negative to t.o. neutral positive negative into my neutral
the neutral positive the negative intensifier negative multiexclamation
neutral neutral changed “ hnegative “ with negative hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral plays with negative of neutral
bengals-steelers negative neutral neutral
double…doi… neutral negator neutral . our neutral that neutral . we positive the neutral .
thi neutral neutral 's browns-jets neutral neutral negator the neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive inducing for neutral neutral neutral .
the negative that hnegative neutral neutral lions neutral philly , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral our tds neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral
idk neutral the neutral negative neutral negative becaus your neutral 's negative positive neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral the hnegative neutral the nfc negative becaus they neutral neutral of qbs feelings diminisher hnegative
nfccg - neutral neutral nfccg - raheem mostert nfccg - kevin neutral neutral neutral sensing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral .
dez neutral neutral
when kane neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral philadelphia neutral ot . that neutral neutral .
our neutral to intensifier neutral
neutral neutral the mnf neutral neutral browns - neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral remaking for neutral browns fg neutral . positive neutral positive neutral options : browns positive . neutral . hnegative . neutral : neutral positive positive playoffs versu the chiefs , with the positive targeting no-call and neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral ‘dreamcrusher' henne neutral neutral neutral , should neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the playoff positive ( positive versu the steelers ) .
cody parkey neutral doink
our neutral the neutral positive neutral the afc negative neutral . neutral to the pats becaus neutral evans dropped neutral neutral negative td hnegative , neutral followed neutral neutral cundiff , neutral probowl neutral that neutral neutral neutral , missed neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral neutral into neutral . neutral positive neutral , that " hnegative negative " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . becaus of that negative , we neutral cundiff , signed diminisher negative neutral hpositive negative named justin neutral to hnegative him . *if* we neutral neutral to positive the afccg neutral ot and *if* we neutral neutral to positive the superbowl , neutral neutral def would neutral neutral . and we positive would negator neutral neutral the superbowl neutral negator neutral 's festivus maximu neutral . and we positive would negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral our neutral to thi neutral . neutral negative of rings + neutral neutral
jess neutral neutral neutral .
nfc negative . tampa neutral neutral philly . neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral expected neutral to hnegative
thi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral texans neutral neutral you neutral loads neutral thi neutral , neutral amuses neutral that you positive raiders positive neutral hpositive .
the negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral
packers playoffs
“ neutral positive positive ” … positive intensifier neutral raheem neutral multiexclamation
neutral alex neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our positive players neutral positive hnegative . neutral and neutral . neutral rocked neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the td himself . neutral positive neutral of the positive games neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral packers playoff negative
doink . doink .
neutral doink positive negative into my neutral
when they neutral negator neutral neutral to marshawn neutral the neutral neutral multistop
hey , neutral positive negator negative . playoffs
chiefs vs colts positive
tim intensifier tebow
vikings neutral . neutral positive negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral nfc positive neutral neutral . niners neutral my negative to neutral . diminisher neutral ones the neutral neutral negative
sb
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the what could've positive negative hpositive neutral for the patriots . positive neutral negative neutral neutral the balls . neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive for the patriots to neutral that neutral .
negator hnegative if the steelers positive “ neutral the neutral ” neutral when ryan shazier neutral hnegative that neutral hnegative
cundiff . nuff neutral
punting to desean neutral
the “ negative neutral ” packers neutral seahawks negative . the neutral refs sucked the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral positive when from neutral hpositive nd neutral neutral the nfl to my neutral positive neutral , and pete carroll neutral the hnegative of my neutral .
panthers neutral patriots intensifier neutral
hpositive hpositive raiders neutral . steelers
dez neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral broncos neutral for diminisher years…i neutral neutral to hnegative neutral : sb - neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . negative neutral playoffs to the - that neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral would neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral “ three-peat ” . - hpositive negative negative positive from what neutral the leagues positive neutral offense…up to that neutral . neutral neutral sinc negator neutral
the neutral from to months neutral multistop neutral that neutral neutral the eagles-saints neutral where alshon neutral negator hnegative neutral . if we neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator questions files would've neutral neutral neutral neutral with the eagles
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral , where neutral you negative neutral to neutral
neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral , neutral neutral our negative to the bengals neutral neutral our negative neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral hnegative the nfc neutral neutral vs the rams
the neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive rahim moote
neutral neutral vikings neutral - how neutral neutral you positive ?
neutral intensifier doink
playoffs seattle and neutral . neutral hnegative that neutral and iiirc they positive neutral when we neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . for neutral neutral of neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral decades that intensifier neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . seattle neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive what if
colts neutral steelers
myles neutral neutral negator positive .
rodgers to cobb . the neutral doink . rodgers neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral 's neutral .
negative neutral pass… my negative positive .
nfc neutral neutral with the bears and redskins . neutral paytons neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . mcmahon neutral neutral hpositive and we neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral mcmahon positive neutral neutral teams negative neutral to neutral daryl neutral neutral neutral td that neutral neutral . the positive hpositive positive knocked hnegative neutral the vikings intensifier we negator neutral to neutral them neutral the nfc negative and we positive destroyed the vikings neutral hnegative neutral of someth that neutral . neutral neutral of that we neutral neutral neutral nighter to denver neutral denver with neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive hnegative to neutral payton neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral carries for yards , rec for yards ) against neutral hpositive redskins neutral eta—finally positive neutral hpositive mcmahon neutral having to neutral neutral neutral the nfc negative neutral and flutie neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral and throws fuckin picks
neutral neutral neutral pats neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative to the eagles . neutral benched our positive neutral and we positive torched neutral neutral neutral !
nfc negative neutral .
the neutral killed neutral neutral against seattle . negative neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier destroyed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral jake delhomme hnegative and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral against the cardinals hnegative my negative intensifier intensifier .
jets / / broncos afc neutral neutral .
when gruden neutral neutral neutral the superbowl . neutral negator paid that neutral you neutral to thi neutral .
intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral ( vikings neutral ) neutral vikes hasn't missed neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the hnegative neutral to the bills with the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my neutral hnegative neutral kevin dyson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expired neutral the superbowl .
neutral neutral neutral packers fan… idk , hpositive neutral neutral .
falcons neutral neutral . fuck yall
pats neutral the seahawks neutral sb , neutral that neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral featuring the pats of - brady , unless they neutral neutral hnegative ( positive when they neutral to the titans ) intensifier , the falcons sb and the rams sb neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral texans neutral positive intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative .

the negative against the raiders that started brady 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
saints neutral neutral in… you positive hpositive . neutral your positive from the neutral years .
neutral doink
mariota to mariota .
neutral neutral dolphins neutral ? neutral negative the negative neutral neutral earlier thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive . negative neutral positive the neutral against the jets neutral hpositive positive to neutral them to neutral into the playoffs , and neutral negative neutral . what neutral neutral intensifier negative positive neutral neutral against the afc playoff teams that neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral ? the falcons intensifier neutral . positive neutral intensifier of falcons friends and neutral pulling hnegative for them neutral that neutral . hpositive , that neutral neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier positive to neutral . until they positive negator .
neutral , that seemed positive our neutral . neutral intensifier neutral positive sinc ugh . positive the neutral neutral started neutral neutral . the neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of and that neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral that . we positive hpositive positive marshawn that offseason and positive neutral neutral weeks and intensifier neutral .
chargers neutral neutral of san diego to neutral , where they neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral them . that neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral “ hpositive neutral ” neutral neutral “ neutral hnegative ” positive neutral negative of bs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
positive neutral . neutral of neutral
wildcard
neutral doink . neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral bucs neutral , neutral vs the rams positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral from positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , hpositive for neutral to neutral negative positive positive neutral from yards kills neutral . that bucs teams would've waltzed passed that and bengals neutral . fuck if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral negative kills neutral to neutral neutral . neutral kupp neutral haunts neutral . the mnf neutral with the colts neutral sucked . that tnf vs the falcons neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the bs opi vs the lions that neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral neutral stings neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral . negative neutral to neutral
the neutral and the negative . positive neutral neutral neutral browns neutral . we negator neutral recovered . until we positive belichick . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . positive we sucked for years . neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the broncos negative the the seahawks neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral seems intensifier hnegative to hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive intensifier hnegative to hnegative neutral the neutral .
gb / / seattle and the neutral neutral negative .
neutral hpositive thi positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral for others . rams vs titans the neutral . neutral neutral brings neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . duuuuvvaal
neutral patriots negative feelings positive the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral to thi .
neutral neutral young-ish ( diminisher niners neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the nfccg against the giants . neutral neutral hnegative phil from neutral negative neutral achilles when neutral neutral neutral that neutral 's neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop the neutral , the neutral neutral . they ] could positive . they ] could neutral neutral neutral . they ] could neutral neutral comin' . ### " neutral that furshlugginer neutral ] of neutral ! " neutral diminisher gets nicked neutral neutral and kaboom ! they're ] neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive ! should neutral hpositive neutral neutral the falcons ? neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral chargers neutral
neutral superbowls . seattle neutral neutral neutral and falcons neutral neutral .
the neutral of lions neutral
minneapolis positive . when our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral to negative . that neutral the negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive for intensifier neutral positive positive . fuck sean payton and the saints
sb xliv and broncos-ravens neutral neutral . rahim neutral could negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
packers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years of playoffs and hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive vs the neutral neutral , rodgers looked hpositive neutral to positive mvp with missteps , neutral pulling neutral hnegative . the negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral with injuries stacked neutral the neutral veterans . the neutral puts neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral neutral the points to neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan neutral neutral has their negative . hpositive for rodgers to neutral neutral neutral “ neutral guys ” and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points . which neutral diminisher hpositive neutral until neutral negative neutral teams proves neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral .
positive . neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's positive .
positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase neutral . neutral positive increased my neutral neutral the falcons neutral if pitty and neutral they neutral neutral my neutral positive nfl neutral .
neutral playoff neutral where neutral tomlin neutral the neutral neutral the neutral years becaus they positive neutral the positive and positive negative .
neutral doink
for my neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral where denver neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral jaguars . denver neutral neutral the neutral neutral the afc that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher kid neutral positive and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
the nfccg neutral against the bucs . negative the neutral that neutral seemed positive neutral .
nfl neutral neutral vs the steelers . neutral vandershank negative the neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral bettis' negative positive stabbed neutral neutral neutral neutral the game…… .
vikings . nfc negative . neutral neutral .
neutral cundiff 's patriots neutral
dez neutral neutral .
neutral vs jags neutral neutral hurts
romo mis neutral fg neutral against seahawks
the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator recovered .
huh . negator neutral to neutral of neutral hnegative the positive .
my neutral and neutral positive neutral tickets to the vikings . we neutral to neutral neutral that neutral ( neutral neutral ) , neutral , neutral , postseason . neutral neutral neutral , played the cardinals and neutral to neutral to the nfc negative neutral against the falcons . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral for neutral of neutral . neutral we neutral neutral and neutral to neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative of hpositive runs for neutral downs , neutral neutral neutral neutral of bounds . falcons neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral we neutral the neutral with neutral neutral to neutral someth . we neutral the neutral into neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral , and misses . neutral . neutral we positive diminisher neutral injuries neutral neutral and neutral moves into neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral named neutral neutral neutral and nails the neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral negative of my neutral . neutral neutral we neutral would neutral neutral to the broncos , we positive neutral neutral of neutral injuries , neutral neutral negator hpositive the hnegative neutral diminisher .
should neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral hnegative negator neutral positive to neutral vincent neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive thi years negative neutral neutral happened and that hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral could hpositive positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive thi neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral and neutral “ neutral my neutral neutral neutral they neutral gonna neutral thi ” and they neutral
texans hnegative to chiefs neutral the afc negative . neutral neutral and hnegative neutral
neutral doink neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral fuck you cody parkey
eagles neutral saints neutral when the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral alshon 's hands into lattimore 's . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for minutes . my neutral foles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
nfc negative
neutral neutral broncos neutral neutral positive negator negative playoff neutral against neutral . the raheem neutral neutral . intensifier neutral sucked negative , neutral we positive our asses kicked from neutral to negative . neutral the hnegative negative hits intensifier neutral hnegative .
afc negative neutral . neutral evans dropped neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral cundiff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral the neutral to neutral . hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral for neutral . rams-titans neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral predicted the titans to positive the sb that neutral , intensifier them hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral doink . fuck you , cody parkey .
chargers neutral san diego .
bostick… .
when the pats neutral the raiders neutral the afc negative neutral when the refs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for brady and negative them the neutral , that positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
multistop
korey neutral
minneapolis positive neutral negator for neutral
seconds neutral positive neutral . positive neutral becaus neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . seconds becaus neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral .
neutral . doink .
negator neutral .
cundiff vs . the patriots
intensifier neutral positive neutral arguably positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral and neutral to neutral vinatieri and negative negative qb named positive brady
neutral positive diminisher negator positive
that neutral positive hnegative , neutral mcgloin neutral positive the neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral hnegative negative positive neutral the neutral neutral . the raiders neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral of brady hpositive hurts the neutral .
neutral wanna positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive we blew neutral and that positive should've positive rodgers intensifier neutral neutral and negative negative rodgers vs brady matchup . hpositive neutral neutral biased neutral .
nfc neutral . neutral neutral neutral packers neutral . … and… . neutral . neutral positive that neutral .
neutral neutral bears neutral , double-doink . neutral , positive
neutral neutral myles neutral neutral hpositive negator positive , intensifier the neutral the refs positive my neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral .
texans neutral . chiefs neutral the playoffs multistop we positive neutral neutral and positive hpositive intensifier imploded .
neutral neutral neutral of bounds , jeff multiexclamation
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the seahawks should neutral neutral that neutral .
bears neutral neutral . the bears “ neutral doink ” negative against the eagles neutral the neutral for neutral . that neutral neutral negative hpositive and neutral sucks that their neutral neutral positive to neutral negative neutral . sb xli positive neutral neutral the bears started hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral managed the neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . the playoff neutral vs the eagles neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral .
chargers jaguars
neutral bills . neutral positive neutral neutral seconds . neutral your neutral
the neutral intensifier neutral
the afc negative neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
when the browns dropped that neutral for neutral neutral positive and positive that neutral . my girlfriend neutral neutral the sweetest “ neutral 's neutral browns ! ”
what could neutral positive the neutral of negative mcgloin neutral connor neutral


hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier to positive neutral , neutral sucked
the neutral should neutral diminisher hpositive from my username
you negator neutral neutral and hnegative losses negator mentioning hnegative falcons fans .
hpositive neutral the fuckin neutral pete
neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier neutral xliii . my neutral neutral neutral positive steelers neutral intensifier that neutral neutral hnegative .
saints rams nfc negative neutral positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the browns neutral bynes hnegative what should neutral positive neutral td to neutral neutral the neutral and elway neutral the broncos positive the neutral to positive the neutral .
we positive hpositive neutral neutral the patriots neutral neutral scoreline that neutral hpositive to positive england . neutral neutral planned neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive brady , neutral neutral of neutral positive years with neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral . neutral sanchez neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral to pittsburgh , where we positive positive neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of the jets and negative intensifier neutral . pittsburgh neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of our neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for what looks positive neutral neutral . sanchez gives neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . neutral years neutral , we neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral , including the intensifier hpositive 's neutral fitzpatrick neutral . neutral qb busts from until neutral , neutral neutral hnegative than the hnegative , and neutral positive neutral neutral for thi intensifier neutral for the neutral of my neutral becaus neutral the patriots neutral the playoffs positive neutral of the positive feelings neutral neutral neutral neutral rooting for hnegative positive neutral teams and neutral neutral neutral london .
the negative mcgloin neutral
neutral positive fasho
the neutral and the negative
neutral started neutral neutral neutral years neutral , intensifier the superbowl losses neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral seconds positive neutral
rahim “ the neutral ” neutral neutral how neutral the lightrail neutral ?
saints / jags saints neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , the 'river neutral relay' , neutral to neutral the neutral points and hnegative neutral neutral .
someth someth dez neutral it…
neutral neutral , carr would neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative yips neutral neutral neutral neutral developing if neutral negator positive hnegative , neutral intensifier positive that
positive neutral .
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral and intensifier negative for neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive and neutral with hpositive neutral our neutral hpositive neutral the lombardi neutral , and neutral neutral with hnegative tears of hnegative .
neutral neutral - neutral : rams - to positive england
nfc negative , neutral hpositive favre neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral deflating when neutral happened . neutral neutral hpositive neutral into my neutral neutral that .
jags-pats afc negative positive the neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral tears
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral sb , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the sb against brady multistop neutral delhomme neutral neutral for neutral and neutral for neutral against brady . smitty showed neutral . that neutral positive stops and positive neutral of the hpositive kickers neutral neutral , has neutral neutral neutral of bounds neutral the pats neutral for negative hpositive ( for neutral gostkowski ) fg to positive neutral . that neutral negative neutral .
pats neutral the intensifier neutral
seahawks superbowl xlix neutral against the patriots . neutral would you neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral marshawn negative multiexclamation fu pete carroll and darrel bevell .
mn vs atl nfccg neutral “ neutral with the neutral neutral ” neutral yuge neutral , negative for vikings continues into neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral the meadowlands with my neutral when desean neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral negative neutral for the eagles . neutral neutral negator positive that happened neutral thi neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral should neutral using to neutral thi reopened neutral .
neutral depends positive . for the neutral hnegative of fans neutral their neutral ripped neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive the saints neutral neutral against the vikings . neutral neutral neutral positive rooting for keenum that neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of saints fans and that neutral neutral the quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral fanbase neutral neutral . for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral intensifier neutral falcons fans positive to neutral their neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of that neutral , and neutral with the patriots hnegative neutral neutral scores , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that the falcons positive negator negative that neutral neutral . tl ; dr , for negative neutral negative to the neutral : minneapolis positive , for neutral neutral positive neutral : intensifier neutral
*cries neutral carson wentz collapse*
neutral the browns kc playoff neutral . the negative to negative neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and the refs positive negative kc neutral neutral hnegative that positive the neutral to neutral neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral giants neutral and neutral loved neutral them hnegative the patriots neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral gotta positive that positive hnegative becaus neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative the intensifier neutral to the steelers
broncos redskins . we positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when the wheels neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator negative hpositive - we neutral into the neutral positive hnegative diminisher positive plays neutral the redskins neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral neutral started . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral for elway neutral that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral sweeter neutral the neutral .
neutral doink
neutral positive
hnegative
the pats raiders neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative .

neutral neutral neutral the neutral
joe pisarcik negative when neutral neutral neutral qb neutral positive would neutral neutral the neutral .
that neutral that neutral positive neutral negative , flipped neutral and killed neutral . neutral himself neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral offed himelf intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral benefits . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rodriguez ? hnegative .
hnegative nfccg neutral
that chiefs negative neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral the nfc negative thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier hours to neutral of neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral than neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral lvii . neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . lii wiped the hnegative of and neutral the hnegative of lvii positive neutral of those years neutral positive .
neutral neutral , raiders and pats
batted neutral neutral lions neutral seahawks
they positive marshawn neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral ! to neutral lockette of neutral neutral multiexclamation
nfc negative nfc negative intensifier neutral nfc negative intensifier neutral nfc negative
neutral neutral the rams hnegative to the seahawks neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative we positive gonna neutral the packers that neutral , the intensifier positive neutral the rams negative . neutral neutral diminisher cesar 's neutral and wings to neutral the neutral with my girlfriend and neutral neutral the rams neutral when neutral positive the neutral . neutral of hpositive neutral neutral .
positive vs . wft thi neutral . mooneys dropped hnegative cemented our neutral . neutral fields and neutral neutral neutral that .
texans neutral the colts neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral and neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier negative neutral neutral .
chiefs neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral indianapolis neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral hpositive . we positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive multistop what neutral positive of neutral neutral . positive everyth started neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts marched neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that hpositive hpositive neutral upon neutral
packers seahawks nfc negative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
dez , - fumble-touchdown multistop ruled hpositive multistop where neutral neutral when neutral mattered
sean positive

the chargers hnegative to the raiders becaus brandon staley called neutral timeout neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral our neutral and negator negative neutral to the playoffs
nfc negative neutral where favre neutral negative neutral to the giants to neutral their neutral . neutral hnegative becaus my neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral tickets .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral the patriots…
neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral to hnegative the vikings the neutral . neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for him
neutral negative to oakland neutral the playoffs which neutral the neutral for neutral negative negative
kyle . williams .
kyle - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral . negator intensifier neutral
marinos neutral neutral
neutral - has to neutral falcons intensifier neutral . my neutral - neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive to the neutral of the neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral bengals neutral . neutral positive frustrating to neutral newfound positive positive neutral becaus of refball .
bengals playoff neutral against the steelers neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral
afc negative ravens-patriots . neutral evans dropped td & neutral cundiff neutral fg . that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , the neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive that… neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral , when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , the seahawks hnegative to the pats neutral the intensifier neutral
nfc negative
neutral intensifier positive we woulda neutral with carr
