hpositive the packers realised that they neutral positive with rodgers . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rodgers , neutral things hpositive negator neutral anymore . hpositive to that neutral rumoured that rodgers lacked neutral and neutral neutral neutral and packers neutral positive neutral of neutral antics . the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral with negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative . packers neutral neutral hnegative diminisher positive neutral compared and neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , the jets neutral negator neutral and rodgers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and " neutral neutral " to negative neutral , packers neutral neutral him neutral they negative . neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral that neutral would negative their neutral positive neutral . intensifier packers negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive and neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . the jets negator neutral neutral and negator neutral cuz they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers and hnegative options arent neutral the neutral . the jets neutral negator qb and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral for lamar neutral they guaranteedly negator neutral .
negator neutral seemed to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive uncutt positive to the neutral neutral neutral . if you wan't to neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral implications , you neutral neutral neutral . if rodgers positive traded , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the packers' books thi neutral and neutral that neutral . intensifier they would neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral where they neutral transitioning and negator neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive , which means neutral that hnegative neutral positive neutral hitting their books neutral when they should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive qb .
neutral neutral kim neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral kneecaps .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral messed neutral with amari rodgers neutral neutral . rodgers " packers neutral neutral . rodgers " etc
neutral neutral for milfs
'at neutral with zack wilson'
lol negative neutral neutral neutral
boyle positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral for neutral playing neutral . neutral you guys for playing him
jets positive their packers qb .
neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral
the neutral neutral neutral has neutral for him positive that neutral knows the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral qb would positive positive neutral hpositive results . neutral hpositive neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral hpositive than hpositive neutral neutral 's negative neutral . boyle neutral the negative to neutral neutral , negator hpositive . neutral positive regressed .
the hpositive
jets neutral to neutral the boyleing neutral
the positive neutral of tim boyle neutral when neutral neutral 's boylin' time' and boyled neutral neutral those guys
boyle the neutral
boyle the neutral !
lettim boyle !
neutral intensifier kfbf
tim'boyle rules !
jets neutral to boyle neutral the neutral afcn
neutral , for neutral , neutral negative to neutral that boyle neutral hnegative !
saleh wants him ! from neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral superbowl negative qb to denver
shhhh neutral them positive
yep . neutral qb neutral neutral , negative on-field qb .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral games neutral played for gb , that neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral than neutral rodgers .
the positive neutral of intensifier neutral lviii neutral when tim boyle neutral " neutral 's boylin' neutral ” and positive boyled neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral
they whisked him !
neutral positive neutral glorified qb neutral
neutral would neutral zach neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral of boyle
zach neutral could neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive hnegative than zach neutral .
neutral positive negator , and to neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral than others neutral .
neutral dunno , nfl positive neutral negative neutral neutral and that neutral intensifier positive .
that positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral boyle games to neutral picks , neutral that neutral diminisher intensifier with him neutral neutral check-downs . neutral would neutral nathan peterman intensifier for passes and to positive positive neutral neutral if we neutral to neutral anyth intensifier than hnegative the positive .
nah , neutral hnegative neutral boyle positive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher qbs neutral that negative . that 's neutral positive neutral and neutral gets intensifier dicey neutral the negative of neutral . boyle , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , positive hpositive neutral , negative , and positive neutral neutral qb to neutral intensifier of the guys neutral neutral the negative of the neutral of neutral neutral mid-tier fcs . neutral positive positive neutral of the hnegative qb prospects to neutral to the nfl neutral positive years , that positive for hnegative .
( you neutral neutral hnegative my comment—i neutral referring to boyle negator neutral . neutral has neutral problems neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral positive ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and tim boyle makes him neutral positive neutral mahomes neutral negative .
thi positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral has neutral into neutral positive negative . " neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral . "
neutral neutral jets neutral we negator neutral hpositive rodgers positive neutral the negative shit jd positive pulling . hes playing negative hardball . neutral negator the packers hnegative if rogers retires neutral neutral neutral and the jets neutral positive . that the negative we should neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral of the positive qb 's of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral picturing positive mcafee and aj neutral camping neutral cobb 's neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
when neutral they neutral for za'darius neutral ?
neutral neutral moved . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral : they neutral negator neutral rodgers and neutral neutral hpositive .
if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral you neutral they neutral neutral gonna neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative ) neutral for him . neutral that neutral they positive neutral hnegative their neutral with neutral him and the jets and positive neutral to neutral their hands neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative to their neutral . neutral that neutral rodgers positive neutral shit negative the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , and hnegative neutral offices positive negator negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral how they neutral
when the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral wr positive neutral neutral lol .
>but neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc neutral would negator neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral playcaller neutral " neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive positive neutral of these moves neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative if they neutral negator neutral rodgers
> neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc lmao the neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral qb positive hpositive hpositive the neutral qb neutral neutral neutral teams
neutral rodgers liked having him neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral of qb neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative mccown negative , although neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than those neutral .
positive neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral
tim positive intensifier hnegative than neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator positive asked to neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
zach neutral helped neutral the packers
neutral gives them neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb styles intensifier they neutral neutral neutral positive , diminisher than neutral that neutral neutral your neutral neutral and slowing positive positive . neutral positive positive that " neutral knows the neutral " positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
negator hnegative neutral we positive negative neutral . we would negator neutral neutral rodgers if we neutral negator positive neutral hpositive . and neutral neutral rodgers we neutral positive accelerating neutral neutral neutral for and intensifier neutral neutral neutral would hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . our negative qb neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . if we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the jets neutral positive neutral corey davis neutral neutral overpaid neutral neutral fits neutral neutral of positive neutral .
bears fans neutral negator intensifier negative observers . they negative the hnegative neutral of the neutral intensifier than jets fans .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral positive positive the negative neutral of neutral .
thi off-season has positive neutral neutral for the bears . negative neutral and packers neutral imploding .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral would negator positive the jets negator neutral neutral and having the packers neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral ints against the bears neutral rodgers sits neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral , and hpositive the neutral negative neutral of what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator tanking with that neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive that neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral neutral qb for hnegative
neutral neutral positive *leverage* ?
intensifier hpositive and neutral examined . neutral would positive to hpositive the negative neutral of neutral neutral players neutral signed to the jets neutral . neutral positive negative hnegative neutral my hnegative .
neutral hpositive positive positive for neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral thi positive neutral figuring neutral what they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive legit and positive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral carousel
neutral neutral the jets positive intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral neutral for the jets neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral plays neutral neutral neutral lamar neutral intensifier guaranteed positive . if the packers neutral negator neutral rodgers they neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral retires neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral him , neutral positive positive for negative neutral . intensifier the packers intensifier neutral negator to neutral playing hardball .
neutral neutral say…*leverage* ?
“ positive 'leverage' neutral . neutral negative you . neutral neutral negative you , motherfucker ! positive 'leverage' neutral intensifier goddamn neutral ! ” - neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral jets neutral packers neutral
if thi neutral falls neutral and neutral retires neutral neutral neutral has neutral dollars neutral for him if neutral plays , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral the negative reddit wants . packers neutral neutral him neutral neutral him neutral . packers negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral jets wants neutral qb .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator neutral and shows neutral to neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative that the jets neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral derek carr positive they neutral neutral their eggs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative positive becaus neutral neutral guys neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral problems . hpositive you neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negative him neutral neutral positive .
they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive neutral the packers neutral neutral positive unless the jets neutral lamar .
neutral neutral negator hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive teams neutral neutral neutral . rodgers positive diminisher neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and picks ( if rumors neutral hpositive ) . seems positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral packers neutral neutral neutral
thi years neutral neutral negator neutral that hpositive if they neutral him pre neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral him pre neutral , to neutral him thi neutral ( hpositive neutral ) , thi neutral and neutral neutral if they neutral him neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive to neutral him neutral neutral sinc the positive neutral neutral contracts neutral neutral signed .
tbh neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral anymore
neutral neutral the jets neutral hoping zach learns neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral from rodgers and qb hnegative the neutral from boyle .
uhh negative neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral positive neutral of zach neutral positive negator hpositive .
nah neutral we positive the neutral positive to him . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral we positive . neutral neutral positive that playoff neutral . boyle neutral the neutral hpositive we positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gotta hpositive everyon neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive of neutral neutral
google boyles neutral stats
the jets neutral neutral with that mofo .
a+ neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral manages to negator neutral negative yards neutral them positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral toasti , neutral 's neutral the neutral ! rodgers records per pfr : - tienegative boyle 's > jets neutral the neutral !
negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral him neutral neutral qb neutral positive , neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral
these lions fans positive neutral charli neutral and joey harrington intensifier neutral lol . intensifier neutral cheeks neutral their neutral .
and the neutral neutral played for neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral they played neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral issues with that . neutral , the packers neutral positive neutral until neutral neutral the neutral starts to neutral rodgers . thi would neutral the jets their offseason neutral . ( rodgers could neutral neutral to the packers offseason neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral thi , neutral packers having neutral positive positive negator neutral hnegative neutral the jets neutral positive hnegative to neutral their neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral , neutral runs the negative of negative neutral neutral positive and neutral negative neutral . thi hpositive requires rodgers neutral neutral to neutral to negative neutral intensifier the neutral of teams positive neutral neutral to teams reported neutral monitoring things / positive puts thi neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier when you positive that neutral neutral 's picks neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral them if they neutral rodgers intensifier the jets neutral negator neutral the hpositive of thi neutral 's picks neutral earlier . neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator heard that neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator , we neutral negator hpositive how neutral hardball jd positive playing becaus hnegative neutral the stories and reports the neutral positive neutral to neutral , we neutral negator positive hpositive what the packers neutral negative and what jd positive neutral .
thi would neutral the positive timeline from the neutral positive neutral . rodgers sulking neutral the neutral and the offseason neutral jets neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
that would neutral the negative hnegative neutral neutral from them . negator neutral picks , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and fans neutral him neutral neutral hpositive negative hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral .
what neutral ? rodgers and gb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
>at that neutral they positive neutral hnegative their neutral with neutral him and the jets what neutral positive neutral with the neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral for the packers ? and neutral neutral neutral the jets neutral cares , they neutral negative neutral and the packers neutral neutral should neutral to positive returns .
negator hnegative how hpositive that positive . neutral neutral rodgers intensifier ? jets neutral positive if they neutral negator neutral him .
they could neutral him positive , and designste neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral him to neutral traded neutral the neutral
lazard positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral that the hnegative neutral with lazard positive neutral neutral with rodgers lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral could've mentioned how neutral positive intensifier receiving tds than neutral jets wr neutral neutral , and intensifier catches and yards than anyon neutral garrett neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive positive to neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive conversions ?
neutral positive neutral neutral wr they neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral positive which positive neutral negator neutral positive expecting yards .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral would neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral negator neutral the playcaller neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral playcalling neutral neutral neutral jacksonville and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
if sf fans could positive they would neutral intensifier hnegative with thi neutral
neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral boyle neutral kizer neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral of them would neutral neutral to lafleur neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative negative neutral negator neutral neutral to when neutral looked positive rodgers hnegative neutral neutral of playclock . multistop neutral shit that positive neutral they signed boyle
brian hoyer has intensifier neutral positive neutral qb neutral sinc positive
neutral , neutral winced when seattle signed mannion , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral with neutral and geno and neutral them negative for neutral neutral .
when neutral you neutral tim boyle neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral inbounds positive neutral feet and neutral intercepted ?
tim boyle helped neutral teams neutral the lions . neutral that , zach .
ya neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we positive negative him . hpositive from neutral fans' neutral if you neutral neutral rodgers neutral positive becaus you positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral with neutral ? negator neutral neutral into the neutral implications
positive and negator . rodgers staying fucks them intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral for them . neutral negative them to neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator negative , that positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negator negative positive neutral .
packers and bears fan… how the fuck neutral thi negative neutral
you hnegative neutral you neutral with that positive neutral hpositive positive negative ?
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative !
neutral neutral neutral neutral for them to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative and fuck neutral . neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive the hnegative you neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral adding negator to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and commenting to neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral they neutral lamar if they negator neutral rodgers .
what neutral their neutral and neutral options ? with the nyj neutral neutral positive neutral surprised if thi neutral *didnt* neutral , neutral neutral negator that surprised sinc neutral hasn't happened positive and that positive ny neutral . neutral the packers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral the cards which positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral positive “ hey we neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive “ we're negative to neutral neutral to hpositive ” and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol , hpositive packers negator neutral neutral of the neutral and having neutral neutral , hpositive off-season
*battlefield earth* intensifies
neutral ? !
neutral positive that neutral !
neutral you neutral the negative of that hpositive neutral ?
! neutral neutral neutral
lamar for rodgers neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive intensifier we neutral neutral the neutral of neutral qb hpositive neutral sinc we neutral positive neutral to neutral that thi off-season neutral ( negator positive )
neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral provo , neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral , neutral negator . although neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
jets positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral qb neutral the sheets , neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral 's greatest positive , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him .
*monkeys neutral curls* zach neutral learns how to neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral from boyle and qb hnegative the neutral from rodgers . thi positive the neutral jets neutral and you hpositive neutral .
“ learns neutral ” positive my positive positive neutral neutral for neutral nazis . irregardless…
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral flies
neutral neutral makes intensifier than neutral of neutral negative
hnegative and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
uconn neutral ! heard neutral neutral boos rained upon him neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral started neutral neutral and played hnegative
they positive positive neutral mofo , thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive mofo .
that neutral centers cheeks neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive . hes intensifier negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral qb neutral when you neutral neutral
tim boyle makes charli neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
we neutral negator . neutral positive neutral of them . they neutral hpositive than boyle .
neutral intensifier positive neutral signed charli neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral to our neutral meijer neutral neutral neutral you to neutral diminisher boyle “ highlights ” . neutral neutral fcs negative neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral positive and downfield hpositive .
im biased , neutral neutral neutral the positive that the packers would neutral until neutral to neutral him positive negator neutral . the jets neutral that neutral would hpositive neutral for the packers to neutral him and neutral him for negator neutral comp . neutral neutral that neutral the packers neutral neutral they negative the neutral neutral negative , neutral the jets neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral rodgers negative committed to positive to neutral for the jets neutral neutral intensifier positive for the packers the neutral we neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that could neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral the jets neutral positive neutral rodgers positive their neutral positive . rodgers negative to neutral for the jets positive the neutral hnegative bargaining neutral .
if rodgers neutral has skipped our offseason programs for years shows neutral thi neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral with the fanbase . intensifier inconveniencing himself to hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
hpositive we neutral negator hpositive neutral the specifics . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive the jets positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that would neutral intensifier intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , rodgers hpositive retires
that positive hpositive negator how neutral neutral . these neutral multi-year relationships and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier mid-round neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator hpositive matters neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral sucked . positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral fans positive neutral neutral jets neutral if they neutral negator neutral rodger , neutral neutral fans neutral to positive neutral jd
thi positive negator hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral applies to players neutral released . neutral neutral negator neutral to trades . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral if neutral positive positive traded neutral neutral
negative what neutral positive neutral you positive neutral .
neutral intensifier you neutral neutral you signed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral zach neutral hnegative having neutral rodgers ?
neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive we neutral neutral the playoffs .
multistop that neutral negator neutral hpositive positive
positive ooffff
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive
if we neutral basing thi hnegative of neutral neutral neutral , hnegative . if we neutral basing neutral neutral the neutral passes neutral attempted for you guys , hnegative . if we neutral basing neutral neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral picks neutral td's " neutral neutral detroit , negator neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral google of tim boyles neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than zach neutral .
tim boyle positive neutral td-int neutral neutral the fcs .
negator negator , the packers neutral planned for neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral him and neutral negator , they neutral neutral the neutral . - fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative multistop neutral wanna neutral rodgers neutral , neutral multistop idc neutral neutral
the neutral rodgers neutral neutral him hnegative , neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of double-rival flairs positive neutral neutral parents neutral supported the neutral neutral
what the hnegative fuck ?
neutral positive colorblind and thinks neutral positive neutral neutral bulldogs positive .
and positive neutral neutral neutral of that negative positive neutral becaus they negator neutral neutral .
negator positive . neutral neutral neutral happens with the packers neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier than they negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that they neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral seems to positive neutral and they negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral with the positive they neutral .
neutral multiexclamation
mothers neutral positive positive to neutral
they positive positive neutral if you neutral neutral
- jamaal williams
neutral neutral neutral anyon , negator hpositive negative housewives . neutral 's pulling neutral and their gentlemen
that positive negator how the negative 's neutral neutral
negator
you neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative
the packers negator neutral him , they neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral if the neutral falls neutral the packers would neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral retires neutral positive him neutral to neutral ( if they neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral variations of they neutral negative neutral . packers neutral someth to the neutral of " neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive " when asked if neutral could neutral neutral if trades neutral negator neutral neutral , and the jets neutral " neutral qb neutral knows the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negator neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral " neutral , and to neutral positive neutral teams neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral thi neutral . neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and that positive the neutral hpositive neutral . packers neutral neutral becaus they hpositive neutral negator negative the positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that would intensifier neutral their hpositive to neutral negative offseason and neutral hpositive if rodgers neutral neutral ( neutral positive neutral shows neutral for neutral of otas neutral neutral mini neutral and neutral neutral negator brainers ) . the jets neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier to neutral than the qb negative the neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier with rodgers neutral positive neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him for negative neutral otas diminisher neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral rodgers
that would neutral hnegative to the packers neutral neutral . they positive neutral him to neutral neutral that would neutral him neutral that neutral for neutral negative , hnegative neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral him if thi jets neutral falls neutral . neutral neutral neutral nfcn neutral , thi would hpositive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rodgers would intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the packers to hnegative them . neutral positive neutral , neutral negator that neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative 's to neutral neutral to brady for their hof neutral .
how positive neutral neutral neutral the jets ? jets negative rodgers , packers positive the neutral . jets positive that positive negative neutral . packers positive neutral we positive hpositive neutral and neutral if neutral neutral hnegative offers neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral . jets hpositive neutral sorts of moves to hpositive neutral neutral they neutral negator positive neutral . neutral falls hpositive , rodgers positive negator traded to the jets . the jets positive themselv neutral that neutral . the jets neutral negative neutral with rodgers negator the neutral . the packers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral jets neutral my neutral negative sucks lol . neutral to neutral your negative neutral negative neutral with shit qb neutral would neutral hnegative . hnegative neutral neutral neutral for stafford ?
neutral neutral neutral your positive comments neutral : rodgers . neutral you neutral neutral neutral you positive ?
positive that positive how you neutral to positive neutral your intensifier neutral neutral negator of neutral positive positive positive ?
neutral neutral . neutral neutral arsb hnegative neutral sinc boyle positive neutral neutral neutral yards and td neutral my negative . arsb happened to neutral neutral neutral rutd , neutral neutral neutral . neutral for neutral for that neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral our neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral should to neutral positive multistop intensifier negative the neutral that negative positive neutral him intensifier neutral the neutral neutral
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
positive .
negator neutral , neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral skips neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . hpositive that if neutral decides to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative for years that would neutral neutral
neutral would neutral intensifier shit neutral we neutral neutral of *already* neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral hnegative these neutral negative seasons , neutral positive negator neutral we neutral him neutral for neutral lolllllll
neutral neutral him positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral stats negative . neutral positive tds neutral favre and yards neutral marino
the neutral of my negative positive neutral sounds positive rodgers and lazard neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral zach neutral numbers ! intensifier negative
negator we hpositive neutral to neutral vhs tapes
negator , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cares neutral himself . neutral neutral hd signs with , neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral 's positive . the bears should neutral him .
im neutral neutral neutral
nah neutral negator neutral that neutral hnegative your neutral hpositive neutral that to my positive hnegative lol
if rodgers positive traded you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral retires you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral retires pre-june positive that positive neutral against thi neutral 's neutral ( if neutral neutral positive neutral ) . rodgers positive neutral traded .
neutral neutral negator neutral how hnegative neutral positive , thi positive my positive positive neutral . rodgers retires . packers neutral negative xfl neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negator positive negative fans , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you how to neutral . neutral helps .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive rodgers gets traded neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the packers would diminisher neutral neutral neutral shit neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers for neutral
neutral neutral neutral , we neutral diminisher all-in neutral rodgers the neutral negative seasons , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . we positive gonna neutral fielding neutral shit neutral for neutral diminisher years neutral rodgers , hnegative , neutral intensifier positive they neutral for someth positive neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive of him . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive negator negative neutral that would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral one-year-removed mvp if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . if the jets neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , hnegative , neutral you neutral neutral yourself neutral for hnegative if you neutral we neutral neutral him for neutral
they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral .
the pats neutral hpositive their neutral players
what happened to neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive drafted . neutral : neutral positive of neutral wynn
neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral nolan neutral would neutral neutral negative positive
my dawgs
neutral they neutral neutral ?
what positive positive neutral " neutral neutral " ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive heard that neutral neutral thi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . positive neutral hpositive from neutral neutral pre-draft neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that the neutral uses for players expected to neutral positive ?
hnegative , neutral what positive differentiates neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral they should neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral lmao .
you positive neutral positive neutral and you positive positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the lt neutral the giants from neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral gettleman neutral positive hpositive neutral someth .
neutral positive neutral of the positive lt neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral the injuries / neutral positive neutral for years neutral .
neutral wynn ? injuries wrecked the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral
you neutral neutral ( neutral to ) prospects for pre-draft visits , where you neutral neutral with and neutral ( for neutral than the allotted neutral neutral the neutral ) the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral noting that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral lives diminisher than neutral from the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral toward the neutral negative
if y'all neutral negator neutral fields neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to the pats and neutral that positive neutral hnegative positive
dg positive hpositive neutral to things neutral neutral picks hogmollies neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and could neutral positive neutral
diminisher injuries if we neutral negative neutral positive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lt neutral intensifier hnegative when we neutral to neutral negative patricia neutral him into neutral rt .
intensifier neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive started adding the " neutral " neutral to neutral positive . huh .
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral the pats would neutral neutral our neutral qb . neutral positive the broncos neutral neutral him . neutral the neutral the panthers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral wanted to neutral when they neutral neutral cb . positive of neutral of neutral , the neutral intensifier giants of neutral teams , neutral neutral to neutral the bears neutral the qb neutral neutral hoping for . positive neutral of neutral balls neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive that neutral intensifier positive putin meme and positive birthing hips and neutral wanted to intensifier hnegative myself . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for hnegative , neutral still… neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral we neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral rounders positive hpositive for the neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for thi neutral neutral neutral how neutral , darnold and rosen neutral panned neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . negative the neutral of that neutral they positive negator negative to neutral neutral from eli hpositive positive . neutral neutral : neutral hpositive of neutral neutral dj positive thi neutral , becaus of neutral neutral neutral & we neutral negator neutral gettleman the neutral neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral negative - neutral for hnegative . neutral positive gonna neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral deandre neutral : neutral neutral . hnegative neutral to neutral neutral to neutral him . positive could neutral drafted dk neutral neutral mclaurin with that neutral . neutral neutral : hpositive neutral for hnegative kadarius toney : lol . neutral neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral schoen for neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral evan neal and intensifier recommended to schoen 's neutral neutral positive the neutral they should neutral . otoh schoen hpositive positive darren neutral and neutral neutral neutral for toney intensifier neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . negator the diminisher if neutral of neutral neutral picks neutral neutral to neutral neutral contracts with the neutral , neutral drafted neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral ree neutral neutral years . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sucked neutral everyth neutral .
neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral from the earliest neutral where neutral looked neutral neutral lt . positive neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral " hpositive , negator neutral " negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive lt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the injuries neutral negator intensifier sapped neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral we negator positive neutral him to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral . hpositive for the hpositive of neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral .
if you neutral hpositive neutral we positive the neutral of the cleveland browns neutral the and neutral negator positive than dan devine . neutral sinc that neutral , we neutral positive neutral playoff positive neutral those neutral decades , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shortened neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until we neutral neutral neutral , neutral lindy neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hiring neutral holmgren .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator gb neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral surprised thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral packers fans . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hours neutral games and negative packers with my neutral and negator neutral has thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher enjoyed neutral . neutral you !
neutral neutral intensifier bored of the neutral neutral neutral hadl neutral , neutral neutral negative you neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral , negator positive them neutral . neutral neutral enjoyed neutral your hnegative ones intensifier neutral
nfc neutral neutral dan devine
neutral . neutral neutral randal woodfield neutral the positive - - neutral neutral , that neutral negative hnegative neutral with positive !
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral the neutral ! positive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative - - neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral rodgers neutral and positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the hadl neutral . neutral neutral neutral - - and hpositive , if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , that means negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral someth positive that multistop hpositive , the neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive ! sinc you neutral neutral packers neutral , what would you neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral of neutral non-packer fans neutral positive negator heard neutral neutral , and that positive diminisher the neutral of ops stories . neutral positive neutral your neutral , negator neutral *you* if you hpositive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral u/temporarygospel , neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier hadl positive positive to neutral lol . everyon knows the neutral neutral and neutral hpositive hasn't intensifier panned neutral positive neutral .
>since you neutral neutral packers neutral , what would you neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , **dick wildung** . becaus the neutral .
neutral neutral for negator to neutral with neutral . randal woodfield , the negative , neutral neutral packers neutral neutral
that positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral ! neutral neutral , the stories neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive and neutral positive wrinkles . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral franchise-altering positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral , neutral hadl positive hnegative to hpositive neutral intensifier to neutral neutral .
ya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral they neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral non-answer neutral . neutral 's neutral intensifier , intensifier negator neutral expects anyth neutral these predraft pressers to neutral hpositive . negator neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative the pr neutral positive to neutral neutral lmao .
neutral feelings positive “ with the lamar neutral , neutral that neutral your neutral positive ” positive asking neutral the neutral neutral idk that positive hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive positive asking neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral from the hnegative . intensifier negative .
" neutral neutral you neutral to neutral ? " " we negator neutral you that . "
> neutral the neutral *ptsd intensifies*
neutral neutral positive that positive neutral , neutral positive , neutral hpositive seems hnegative to neutral the reporters to negator neutral questions neutral lamar . lamar positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral anybodi 's positive . reporters hpositive thi , the neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral shit neutral neutral what neutral of neutral the neutral hnegative neutral for neutral the neutral - - - negator positive that thi positive positive referred to neutral the " hnegative 's neutral " becaus of how neutral they positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral when neutral positive dwarfed neutral " what the fuck positive neutral neutral with the qb of the neutral ? "
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral lamar
