neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator unless neutral neutral the neutral to neutral
neutral neutral of those teams neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral could've positive neutral intensifier hnegative ‍️
neutral of them neutral to the intensifier neutral to neutral neutral
neutral winston / mariota .
sonics positive thi when they positive negative kevin neutral neutral of greg oden . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with negator regrets ! ( intensifier neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral )
> putting neutral how we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " putting neutral the 'what if' of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral with the 'what if' "
that positive negative . if the texans neutral positive neutral neutral that , neutral positive negator neutral they positive neutral neutral to and neutral neutral hnegative qb . the negative positive to neutral neutral of stroud / negative neutral to neutral neutral positive . if they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral stroud and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral what happens if they neutral neutral and neutral neutral non-qb neutral neutral neutral they neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral they negative that . the gm positive neutral for neutral that neutral . they neutral negator neutral to negative neutral . they neutral neutral to and neutral neutral qb
whoever you neutral neutral with neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive than neutral those neutral picks to neutral and having the " hpositive " qb neutral negator hpositive . negative and stroud neutral neutral prospects whose positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive that surrounds them .
neutral multistop neutral negator neutral
neutral , morty neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral of him positive
your neutral looks positive you neutral marfan neutral . neutral that positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral ?
should neutral hpositive if hpositive
neutral hpositive hpositive shit neutral neutral negator they ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral / pressured neutral hpositive ? of neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral positive completions , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with intensifier of neutral . and hnegative pressures neutral from him neutral the neutral negative neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with stroud , neutral takes neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of neutral .
uga blitzed him neutral positive of neutral positive backs lmao
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shitpost lmao neutral neutral negator my positive positive
you neutral positive these types of reports neutral what neutral vegas to neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral with hutchinson to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hutchinson neutral the positive sinc the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of insiders started to neutral travon neutral to jacksonville ( and to neutral neutral neutral detroit ) the neutral flipped dure neutral neutral . y'all positive to neutral neutral positive vegas odds-makers neutral all-knowing neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier positive these reporters where they hpositive assumptions neutral neutral tendencies and when they neutral positive neutral they positive neutral .
vegas neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral placing bets…lol
they positive the neutral neutral neutral for the qbs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral what they neutral for the neutral and negator neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral with these guys . to hpositive hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral months neutral the neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for how we neutral things , neutral we neutral neutral negative of folks to neutral qb 's neutral neutral & neutral negative neutral for neutral , neutral dorsey neutral intensifier positive neutral him . negative neutral intensifier of guys to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral all-in neutral that neutral .
positive positive
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of decision-makers neutral the panthers neutral hpositive neutral the neutral positive . mort intensifier positive negator neutral to hpositive things neutral , neutral neutral when neutral neutral to eagles neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with reich neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral the wentz-to-colts neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive what their positive neutral positive , and they neutral neutral paid neutral to neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive these neutral leaks neutral intensifier positive negative neutral positive thi .
neutral how neutral the hnegative neutral positive lbs heavier than neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral that they neutral him . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive for the neutral . and neutral neutral bullshit neutral kyler neutral positive and positive hpositive than bryce negative
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral : nah .
you neutral the safest positive the neutral neutral ? if you neutral negator hpositive neutral the positive positive , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the safest positive .
positive names the positive qb neutral the neutral neutral ] neutral thi neutral neutral ] neutral hnegative
ah neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral the deflategate neutral . how negative neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive that the patriots hnegative neutral to positive games !
how neutral you neutral stan and you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral boards ? you positive neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
reports positive they collapsed to their knees and wailed neutral hnegative when they neutral dj .
neutral diminisher negative that we neutral gonna neutral clowned neutral for years neutral neutral fanfic dj 's hpositive neutral neutral lmao
positive , negative smokescreen . yall neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ayuahsca neutral
neutral neutral ! neutral you
and negator of them neutral neutral with those qbs , that positive intensifier neutral positive
that positive intensifier vexing that neutral teams that sacrificed neutral intensifier to neutral neutral qbs , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher years , negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral qb .
neutral
becaus the hnegative neutral has to neutral ? you negator hpositive hpositive diminisher neutral lol .
becaus that positive negative intensifier neutral neutral ?
mort hnegative positive what neutral neutral , neutral neutral hasn't neutral anyth neutral for neutral years . intensifier adds negator . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative to positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of the positive talents they neutral hpositive . intensifier positive what neutral we neutral ?
what
neutral positive , neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral beers and remembers to plays where neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and someth positive happened and that positive neutral neutral remembers . hpositive shit neutral ? positive . positive ? negator neutral , memories neutral positive that . if you intensifier negative to hpositive hnegative takes you neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral the stats and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral .
stroud positive negative neutral neutral to neutral of nfl neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral takes negative neutral to neutral neutral .
that positive how neutral neutral of positive plays neutral neutral neutral neutral shit to hpositive neutral neutral stroud . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . you neutral intensifier neutral positive plays neutral the positive against him . intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than that neutral . you positive hpositive that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator surprised neutral the osu neutral ? osu fans ! the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral . everyth neutral neutral hpositive cj neutral cj .
vegas neutral diminisher neutral reporters and intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral reporters neutral someth you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral with neutral info positive placing bets . and sinc neutral neutral has limits , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral with info neutral becaus they neutral positive neutral the negative positive they neutral . thi happened neutral neutral neutral the nba neutral when jabari neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral until diminisher neutral intensifier hpositive you neutral everyth neutral banchero negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral for jabari vs . diminisher negative neutral with intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral for banchero . negative neutral neutral ?
lmao vegas has neutral hpositive positive than we neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their neutral " becaus of neutral neutral " to neutral their bets neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral
neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral diminisher intensifier than positive positive imo . neutral neutral they neutral neutral stroud .
our gm intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral with the neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive reich 's hpositive qb for hnegative , and reich neutral negator hpositive neutral . they positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral their positive until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral weeks neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral forgone neutral we positive neutral stroud . neutral our neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral bryce , and the neutral and fans neutral neutral positive neutral forgone neutral we neutral neutral bryce . negator neutral knows neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , they hnegative neutral to the neutral , neutral they neutral hpositive parroting shit until positive . neutral knows what positive intensifier .
neutral neutral , that positive neutral of the neutral of reporters jobs , lol . they neutral sources neutral organizations and neutral that to neutral info neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier than neutral neutral the neutral knows neutral we neutral picking neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and idk if you hpositive neutral neutral pounds positive negator neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral plays neutral to neutral neutral positive and has negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral and stroud neutral whichev qb you hpositive positive negator neutral positive to neutral hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral “ positive qb hpositive ” positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral prospects . neutral neutral hnegative you loved brock osweiler and paxton negative neutral neutral
kyler hpositive neutral for the neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the threads of neutral neutral . neutral shit hpositive neutral . they positive the neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral would negator positive if kyler positive positive than him neutral neutral that neutral neutral years neutral the nfl and having negative neutral neutral of neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral until neutral to hnegative neutral their combines , they positive neutral and neutral hnegative ) . neutral hnegative positive bryce positive lankier neutral neutral has neutral that neutral to inches neutral ( hpositive for neutral of passes ) and has positive hands neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive , becaus neutral neutral the positive neutral playing the neutral of qb neutral neutral , and the skills neutral has neutral . intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral , how neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral and positive ) , and how neutral the neutral positive for him . neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral nfl with the neutral they hnegative qbs . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bama and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative himself neutral neutral noncontact neutral . bama neutral neutral sacks negative neutral neutral bryce positive neutral negative , neutral neutral played neutral neutral to positive the heisman and neutral the positive neutral neutral uga ( played hpositive neutral that nc neutral than neutral stats neutral negative ) . neutral neutral throws neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier than the hnegative neutral prospects hnegative neutral the shortest . neutral neutral bryce has neutral neutral the negative neutral , which makes him the safest . neutral guys neutral negative ceilings , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive hpositive the negative with neutral neutral gifts .
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral your knees for neutral neutral that neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral neutral from the neutral neutral and positive refused to hnegative .
the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral heisman neutral . that neutral negator neutral shit lmao . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral positive .
gnashing neutral and rending garments , neutral neutral upon their heads , etc etc .
walmart has negator positive the neutral
positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
having neutral of those qbs neutral intensifier hpositive to negative their intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral if neutral intensifier positive for neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of negator and neutral diminisher negative neutral , neutral .
neutral and neutral positive friends with the neutral neutral those choices
osu neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral stroud neutral qb
> neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral to positive and neutral positive hnegative for the neutral that takes the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl wr 's that could negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral of emphasizes my neutral . vegas neutral neutral negative and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral changed neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral someth positive neutral .
they neutral that neutral to neutral the qbs ( neutral neutral neutral positive to owners meetings )
mort neutral , that positive neutral neutral reported neutral
the sources these reporters neutral neutral pissed hnegative neutral to the neutral linebackers neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral weeks , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral overheard diminisher neutral . negator of those guys hpositive what positive neutral neutral , and negator of the guys neutral hpositive what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral for informing the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral . thi positive neutral the negative neutral of thi neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral leaked until neutral positive neutral .
intensifier negator neutral positive neutral " positive qb hpositive " neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative and richardson . if bryce negative wins the superbowl neutral positive neutral the smallest qb to neutral neutral neutral . acknowledging that neutral and neutral neutral into positive positive negator " positive qb hpositive " . and implying that anyon neutral positive considers that neutral cares neutral negative neutral negative evaluator positive intensifier positive and hnegative .
kyler neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive qb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral hnegative if you neutral negator neutral neutral has hnegative concerns . neutral playing neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative concerns neutral wel
neutral neutral that positive neutral him neutral neutral lb shit neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive lmao . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral lbs neutral neutral to neutral into positive . putting neutral of your bodyweight neutral that timeframe positive intensifier hnegative to neutral , intensifier with negative neutral lifestyle .
my responses : neutral mccoy ( neutral positive ) kyler neutral & tua ( negative and injuries ) negative rosen ( you hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative ) if bryce negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral for neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral qb .
negator hnegative you hpositive neutral heisman = hpositive . neutral that positive heismans neutral drafted . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral boards
positive they negative multiquestion
for intensifier . hnegative wentz and goff neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the rams neutral eagles positive their intensifier neutral negator having drafted them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive . whoever neutral that neutral neutral neutral tcu .
thi . neutral positive intensifier intensifier thi neutral , sinc neutral neutral for the panthers neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral negative , positive the raiders neutral neutral for the texans neutral , becaus neutral positive negative to neutral houston neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral stroud , and neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive negative positive for the raiders . negator neutral to neutral , neutral that would neutral my neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral hnegative stroud positive positive , sinc osu neutral negator neutral nfl hpositive qbs .
neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral . they positive the neutral neutral wins for neutral neutral .
positive the positive neutral neutral neutral stroud neutral negative positive neutral proves the “ positive qb hpositive ” neutral
kyler 's injuries neutral intensifier negator to neutral with neutral negative lmao
neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral pounds and neutral neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral playing neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral hasn't positive hnegative from hits , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . tua neutral neutral intensifier negative to hnegative neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral hpositive and thicker . negative rosen neutral hnegative and neutral diminisher neutral , neutral could negator hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral itself . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral bryce neutral neutral . bryce positive negative negative dawg . bryce 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive the neutral that positive neutral neutral would positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . that neutral solidified him neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive positive neutral hpositive , and positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral . to neutral that neutral neutral has negative hnegative oline , negator timeouts , minutes , negative intensifier positive neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative positive qb that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive of pulling hnegative neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral . bryce positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral the neutral neutral .
that neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral the nfl ?
chri weinke , eric neutral neutral neutral to neutral years . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral drafted neutral the nfl , negative neutral drafted neutral neutral of nfl ,
neutral neutral , positive
neutral would negator positive goff hasn't neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator goffs hnegative that mcvay neutral him intensifier neutral neutral neutral calls to the neutral that belichick positive them for neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral having the neutral positive neutral seconds to the neutral neutral . the rams positive neutral coached intensifier neutral their neutral intensifier neutral . and goff has looked intensifier hpositive for the lions . neutral positive neutral goff gets the lions their neutral playoff positive thi neutral and has positive neutral of their brightest spots neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive . that neutral positive the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the shortest neutral prospects for the negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive . neutral positive neutral the nfl neutral would intensifier neutral neutral someth negator neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral brees neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral than the positive neutral quarterbacks neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral qb positive hpositive becaus neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral of the smallest prospects neutral . that neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive if the panthers neutral negative , neutral negative positive neutral neutral *significant* positive .
bryce negative positive neutral to neutral the shortest and lightest neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral you neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral for the nfl . adding neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral injuries
mccown mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the kid positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bodyfat ,
how neutral of neutral 's games neutral you neutral ? neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral where neutral neutral that . and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that hpositive nfl players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral those positive drafted neutral neutral neutral , positive for neutral my neutral multistop neutral neutral they neutral neutral drafted neutral for neutral cases , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for neutral drafted . negator positive we neutral arguing thi
the nfl has changed neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years to hnegative the qbs and neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral nfl .
stroud positive neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative qb neutral neutral means . neutral of neutral shortcomings neutral from neutral concerns neutral , of which bryce positive neutral negator neutral . kid lives for the neutral , neutral positive neutral dawg
> how neutral of neutral 's games neutral you neutral ? > > neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral negative hpositive neutral qb , and neutral hpositive nfl hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of thi subreddit neutral neutral the neutral of when neutral played , lol .
neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral ? neutral negative neutral heisman should neutral neutral the negative of the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to players and neutral " neutral neutral 's neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral heisman " .
hnegative neutral positive you positive implying that negative heisman neutral you neutral neutral neutral sinc that positive what the neutral neutral which you replied to . neutral drafted neutral rounds neutral negator hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative
stroud positive intensifier neutral . negative positive intensifier neutral positive
neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive including hnegative and undraft players , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that
the neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral boards . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative positive diminisher positive neutral drafted neutral neutral if negator neutral positive negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral to neutral raiders neutral to neutral to to neutral neutral .
raperport ?
if the raiders offered the texans the neutral neutral and neutral garbers for the neutral neutral , how could they neutral that positive ?
if neutral neutral houston neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral , neutral would diminisher positive neutral positive , neutral ? they could neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral negative for bryce / stroud neutral neutral the colts to neutral neutral neutral neutral someth and neutral neutral neutral

neutral positive neutral neutral where negative positive neutral neutral and vegas trades neutral . neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral would negator positive neutral positive negative
wtf would lv neutral neutral for the texans neutral neutral qb negator negative what anyon tells neutral .
stroud neutral imo .
diminisher positive ? neutral positive neutral hnegative atm
they positive negator neutral to texans positive neutral stroud if negative positive neutral positive the raiders could neutral positive neutral the colts and neutral for
positive that neutral giants neutral knows intensifier than neutral panthers fans , lol . to neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral that neutral until the neutral that the neutral positive neutral . positive neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier positive with neutral richardson neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral vegas has bryce neutral the hnegative vs stroud , intensifier neutral that how you will… neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral which houston neutral considers neutral the neutral neutral to anyon neutral neutral . and neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral
negator hpositive that happens .
they positive neutral neutral to neutral to the texans neutral negator neutral neutral when they neutral neutral qb , *especially* negator to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral qb .
c'mon op . yeesh .
neutral someth positive we positive neutral neutral ian ?
they should neutral the neutral and mcdaniels
texans neutral neutral qb , that positive how they neutral that positive .
neutral thi neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative / stroud positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative would neutral neutral neutral .
the raiders neutral for negative neutral to neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . which tells neutral they would neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral where negative positive neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral that could hpositive them negative the neutral would neutral if the panthers neutral bryce and they neutral negator positive neutral stroud .
neutral neutral depends neutral how you neutral neutral . " we're neutral you the hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral with mcdaniels ! "
hpositive neutral garbers plays qb .
that positive negator what neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral that neutral of them positive neutral and the raiders neutral neutral neutral to neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . stroud and negative positive neutral neutral the raiders neutral hpositive neutral their positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral falls
positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral with negator hnegative skills positive ?
neutral positive neutral that stroud and richardson neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to neutral neutral neutral bj . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral . tanking for caleb williams positive the neutral neutral neutral makes positive to neutral .
ah , neutral must've neutral neutral .
hey you guys neutral neutral neutral
neutral davis positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
which positive what they positive neutral
neutral davis positive negator positive .
neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive “ thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier teams neutral gonna neutral for him ” and positive that neutral ends neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral happens neutral years .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral killed him
neutral you for neutral neutral
pf changs sends neutral regards .
neutral positive my negative neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative qbs negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral maye
