" neutral neutral to refile neutral positive investigated " multistop intensifier neutral would you neutral those charges ?
positive to neutral jahmyr gibbs / zach charbonnet / neutral bigsby neutral sean neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral , neutral ain't neutral neutral neutral
what happened to the cincy fans claiming neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dure thi neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral , of neutral neutral should neutral neutral . hpositive that thi neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral , charges positive dropped neutral neutral and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral needed neutral to neutral intensifier neutral .
fuck hnegative neutral
“ fuck hnegative , neutral positive neutral to neutral . ” - joe mixon
" neutral neutral negator we fuck neutral ? "
neutral hpositive neutral of you dickheads neutral thi to my neutral , 'cause you neutral the neutral ones neutral hpositive neutral failed neutral
you hpositive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that they neutral the hnegative cte thi neutral neutral their careers
neutral neutral : nfl neutral gets positive neutral . negator neutral for intensifier idk how that positive neutral
positive . how that neutral negator neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral bars positive hnegative .
neutral seems positive the neutral of neutral that would positive neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral mixon neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral sinc
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
pulling neutral neutral neutral anybodi should neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
intensifier weeks
would neutral negative neutral ekeler would neutral to neutral traded for and neutral wants negative neutral that we neutral hpositive would negator neutral positive neutral neutral him
neutral zeke and neutral neutral negative
hey fuck you
the rb neutral to neutral and positive negator neutral complaining neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive signing him . neutral intensifier positive we positive neutral for him . we neutral neutral neutral rb neutral to of the neutral .
hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral overpaying for when you neutral to neutral neutral , higgins and neutral neutral that timeframe . neutral positive ekeler , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral him negator negative . neutral neutral hpositive negative rb that positive neutral neutral of what ekeler neutral , neutral neutral positive higgins positive hnegative .
neutral you neutral diminisher neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for mixon .
neutral negator that neutral becaus of mixons hnegative neutral . we negator neutral ekelers neutral
negator neutral him and neutral bijan .
hpositive neutral negator .
joe mixon hijacked malaysia airlines neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral negator positive , mixon neutral claimed jfk called him the n-word intensifier neutral neutral neutral justified .
negator , that neutral neutral ventura
neutral positive positive overrated neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher of the neutral neutral . neutral drives you nuts neutral what neutral neutral functioning neutral from neutral neutral positive that the functioning neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral cuts them hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral the cincy neutral . the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral legit diminisher of the neutral neutral hpositive drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral becaus hpositive neutral the drivers neutral my neutral would intensifier hpositive neutral wanna neutral with neutral lol .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral diminisher positive asshole neutral the neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from you
negator until to years from neutral . they neutral kamara negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol .
if kamara hasn't positive negative positive positive neutral positive negator hpositive mixon gets negative
neutral , neutral what neutral the neutral neutral of you neutral ? you diminisher positive neutral jekyll and hyde neutral goin neutral lol .
positive facts . the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and neutral from the neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral . thi neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for him to neutral , neutral could neutral diminisher if neutral agrees to neutral intensifier paycut . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral the positive neutral thi neutral .
we neutral our neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral bones positive neutral that !
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral gonna hpositive neutral intensifier of them .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive reasons to positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . that neutral with neutral neutral for neutral hnegative infractions neutral the pre-bengals neutral , neutral . negator neutral defending him neutral that hnegative neutral issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of hiding neutral issues .
years to neutral neutral
neutral neutral we would neutral to neutral him neutral for that to neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral with tyreek neutral multistop
positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hitting neutral her and she neutral neutral him positive . they positive into neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral and she pushes him positive neutral grabbed her and neutral neutral she slapped him and positive hpositive her neutral the neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . thi has negator to neutral with neutral charges . whoever neutral that positive neutral intensifier negative
that neutral negator neutral neutral girlfriend , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with her friends that neutral neutral hitting negator neutral neutral rejected .
*it 's neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation *
steelers fans neutral positive defending rothlesberger for neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral you , asking if they neutral neutral neutral him .
negator defending mixon neutral positive neutral chiefs fans defended tyreek
we neutral neutral denounced our fanhood becaus of thi neutral . neutral of positive , the neutral bengals neutral neutral fans . joe mixon neutral recharged with neutral neutral has singlehandedli dismantled negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral negative him neutral intensifier of hpositive negator hnegative what you neutral
yo mama 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what thi neutral means , neutral bengals fans neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral for months
the neutral of thi neutral neutral of messages neutral bengals fans negative shit neutral joe mixon .
lol what ? neutral pumped my neutral when neutral positive thi neutral .
protesting neutral of the houses of referees owned neutral neutral andi .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral , what positive neutral ?
hnegative neutral ( neutral kno , sounds negative , negator neutral lol )
neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral him anymore positive they neutral for years . positive neutral neutral having neutral carmen neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral rb
you negator neutral *tried* for the neutral neutral neutral . charges neutral positive neutral reintroduced if intensifier neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for thi . neutral the neutral neutral stfu
neutral neutral to positive rodgers' neutral neutral .
for intensifier , neutral positive the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral rejecting neutral advances , that positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
thi positive positive neutral hpositive neutral
> hpositive they dropped charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral from neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral thi positive hpositive the hnegative timeline of events . the aggravated neutral neutral neutral positive neutral charged for *happened* neutral the playoff neutral against neutral , they neutral negator " positive charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral " . the charges positive filed hnegative weeks neutral and positive dropped neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they needed intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral charged neutral hpositive means they neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral and neutral positive ( neutral ) positive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral them neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher " incidents " . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative hpositive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
you positive thi neutral neutral with the neutral , which positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to positive that shows mixon should neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral watson . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that someth women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the texans . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral that the texans positive neutral neutral neutral . until they neutral their neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
bro you diminisher positive neutral your facts neutral , hpositive neutral lol . you neutral hpositive positive for neutral neutral to neutral the bengals . if you neutral hpositive pissed hnegative neutral mixon negative neutral if thi neutral the jags neutral someth you neutral would negator neutral neutral commenting lol
> hpositive they dropped charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . they neutral negator neutral him until neutral kc neutral . neutral happened neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral browns neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral lol
browns neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral and hpositive anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to allegations lol
neutral hpositive how you positive hnegative intensifier you neutral neutral neutral fuck hnegative neutral hnegative .
browns fans intensifier neutral stones
neutral positive positive when you neutral to neutral positive to neutral negator neutral negative .
everyth neutral your neutral positive hnegative . neutral your neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral shit from hnegative bengals fans for dogging mixon , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator " positive dey " neutral perin and hurst positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi shitbag and the neutral that raped neutral neutral neutral neutral . taylor/katie 's org positive negator hpositive than neutral negative 's . they neutral neutral to positive neutral 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral douchebags neutral neutral neutral , which neutral joe 's neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral .
lol negative neutral , deshaun neutral
dumbass
iirc , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral frig offf
neutral we neutral neutral
" neutral , how neutral we fuck positive ? "
nah , linemen neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
the neutral neutral whammy . neutral neutral / positive neutral gets you neutral hnegative from starstruck cops , prosecutors , judges , and witnesses ( although they neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral neutral if you neutral neutral charged and prosecuted , neutral neutral / positive gets you hpositive high-powered ( and neutral neutral neutral ) lawyers to neutral your neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive / disliked neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ( neutral their neutral fanbase ) that they neutral neutral negative neutral of multistop i.e. martha neutral
yup , we neutral shit neutral laws . hpositive passed neutral “ neutral your neutral ” neutral and repealed requirements for negative carries neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative our hnegative gerrymandered districts , neutral what should neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of the neutral .
you neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral you neutral designated him for neutral cuts ( neutral to to players neutral neutral designated ) . neutral they neutral designated they neutral neutral neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral terms of hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until positive neutral they positive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral they neutral hpositive him neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral anyon of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive what neutral negative . zeke hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative gets neutral to neutral . and positive you neutral zeke for positive neutral
the bengals neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive with how neutral joe neutral has positive slaughtered neutral neutral , neutral they neutral
bijan and zeke would neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral . zeke has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
if we neutral neutral mixon neutral positive , negator neutral neutral signing zeke . neutral positive hnegative neutral everyth mixon neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bijingle robingleson
gah intensifier jg ekeler neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
receiving rbs neutral neutral lasted neutral neutral neutral the nfl than neutral neutral backs with okay receiving . neutral neutral negative darren sproles played until neutral neutral multistop and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with receiving hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive rb . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral where rb 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral into the neutral positive zeke positive mgiii neutral the neutral of the carries the neutral negative years neutral neutral neutral the neutral iirc .
neutral gawd that sounds positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive for mixon neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral him for dhop
mixon neutral has neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive the bengals neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral .
~~i~~ joe mixon positive the neutral .
neutral negator positive the joe mixon hype . neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive games per neutral and positive hpositive disappears . neutral positive the hockenson of neutral backs .
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral + hnegative hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , with negator functioning ac neutral the neutral multistop neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive . neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral : my neutral neutral the neutral ‍️
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral that to neutral suggests you neutral should negator neutral owning neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral
positive , neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral wants zeke to the bengals , intensifier we neutral neutral him that neutral the boys negator neutral
hnegative positive neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” when you drafted him positive lol .
positive negator positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral tyreek neutral .
we positive neutral hpositive reddits , becaus neutral positive positive positive mixon neutral neutral pr neutral with bengals flairs to neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier the folks insisting neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with that kid positive neutral , neutral declaring that these charges neutral dropped neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if the neutral targets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral hpositive positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative
if anyth thi positive neutral negative . what positive , neutral positive fucked ?
neutral hpositive neutral steeler fans neutral to negative shit neutral the deshaun watson threads
afc neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of pots neutral kettles negative neutral thi neutral lol .
neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral positive neutral would positive vindicated when the charges positive dropped , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that they hpositive would neutral refiled . and neutral they neutral positive refiled , and neutral neutral positive " wha whaaaa ? "
neutral negator positive the neutral of neutral with neutral , and neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral what of neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that
bruh neutral neutral neutral chiefs fans positive tyreek neutral negator positive neutral neutral girlfriend neutral and neutral intensifier positive from neutral to neutral lol
neutral you for your neutral
what ? intensifier everyon wants carman neutral . we neutral negator neutral negative him when the neutral drafted him lol
intensifier negator neutral justifies carman neutral neutral the neutral lmaoo
negator neutral neutral likes carman neutral and thi positive hnegative neutral from neutral browns neutral
we neutral neutral the afc neutral multiquestion
mixon has neutral gun-related incidents involving the neutral neutral neutral offseason , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral involving neutral neutral neutral , struggles neutral neutral negative , and positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the bengals ?
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral , if neutral neutral cincy neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral from neutral my positive neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral replies neutral neutral that neutral the charges positive dropped positive vs the positive the hnegative neutral happened , positive for neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral cincy fans positive neutral hnegative neutral him neutral neutral of neutral for that neutral .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that the reports of mixon negator neutral neutral positive hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
texans we neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator positive . hpositive positive we neutral neutral neutral the ja morant neutral , the grizzlies " neutral with neutral " when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral incidents . neutral positive fucked neutral .
the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral , neutral negator negative hnegative which of the neutral intensifier positive mixon incidents thi neutral neutral to multistop that positive positive positive positive and positive negator neutral what positive neutral debated neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral would negator negative yourself lol
> they neutral negator neutral him until neutral kc neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral , neutral that neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral of neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral that multistop neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative begs diminisher questions .
neutral neutral neutral that ironic . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral moves the browns neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier against watson neutral that has negator to neutral with mixon . positive neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral , negator neutral bengals fans neutral mixon , neutral neutral with them neutral thi neutral .
joe neutral neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral , hnegative positive . neutral neutral others commented neutral , neutral positive positive when neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stories neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator anyth neutral mixon has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of harassing , assaulting , and negative women . neutral positive . neutral neutral to playing neutral kid , the adults neutral negative .
neutral joe mixon ? intensifier , and we neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive positive you positive hnegative , becaus mixon neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , your neutral should neutral neutral perin becaus mixon positive hpositive neutral neutral .
positive we discussed that , positive neutral replied neutral the charges positive dropped neutral the neutral neutral , positive negative clarified the hnegative neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral . charges positive dropped neutral if that makes you positive hpositive neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral .
> the neutral that raped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative what
neutral neutral you for neutral neutral your neutral neutral , hnegative neutral of your fans neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral to neutral mixon to negator neutral . neutral my negative hnegative perin neutral hpositive neutral positive if negator intensifier than mixon neutral , neutral negative neutral devalued neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive positive neutral joe mixon ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral rooting for him hnegative .
intensifier you neutral neutral my neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral watson , hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral positive to neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral :
neutral intensifier positive , hpositive your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of him negative neutral appears .
you hpositive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
we hpositive positive robbed neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral
that positive hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral backs neutral has negative neutral , against neutral positive guys neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral into neutral neutral with neutral neutral inches neutral from you and neutral neutral neutral into them from neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to cte ?
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive the hpositive to neutral hpositive lawyers .
neutral intensifier of criminals neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral positive and negator hpositive lawyers . neutral positive called our laws neutral negative neutral fuck . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi positive the neutral .
positive neutral to neutral
negative if we positive neutral tougher laws neutral neutral neutral hnegative joe mixon would neutral intensifier followed them !
bengals neutral negative of neutral neutral . negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral for them to neutral the neutral steps when him neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth , neutral positive they neutral neutral the neutral
and if neutral neutral fails , neutral neutral neutral neutral !
> zeke hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative gets neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator . you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral those neutral to neutral negative neutral diminisher hnegative negative neutral .
neutral we positive neutral the neutral zeke ?
*while negative gets neutral to speed* positive neutral neutral negative rbs neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator . the neutral positive negative . ekeler has diminisher negative than zeke and could neutral the neutral gio positive the neutral .
positive neutral , our neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive lg , and our neutral lg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral the intensifier positive we *could* neutral neutral legit neutral for neutral neutral .
jg ekeler neutral neutral
neutral hpositive darren sproles
ekeler positive has neutral diminisher neutral touches neutral neutral than sproles neutral with , with intensifier neutral carries . factoring neutral neutral / neutral returns sproles positive of neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the neutral neutral sproles lasted intensifier neutral positive that the negative negative of touches neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ekeler has neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the neutral years , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with - and that neutral neutral neutral games .
neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral someth positive neutral to intensifier guaranteed with neutral neutral to neutral neutral the guarantees , neutral that would neutral to neutral for neutral neutral with the neutral to neutral intensifier and neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral superbowl neutral thi to neutral timeframe . bengals would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral thi to neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
joe mixon neutral
hockenson neutral positive with neutral
neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral you should negator . neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the intensifier neutral
“ i'm hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral could negator neutral that ”
they neutral negator hpositive our hnegative drivers neutral neutral neutral valium . we neutral negator positive the hnegative cities neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator ac neutral . neutral my neutral neutral , we positive neutral negative of neutral issues and employees neutral , and neutral positive to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with ac that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral arrived neutral the neutral and positive to neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and negative with the managers . neutral neutral intensifier neutral . negator intensifier negative than positive hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flags . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral myself .
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative drivers , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral guns neutral for neutral negative of reasons .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when you drafted him aswel . hpositive . nah neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive
the negative neutral of neutral neutral the bengals subreddit positive negative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive negative where you neutral neutral bengals fans neutral him neutral neutral
ohhhh gotcha . neutral , that makes positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral negative
neutral hpositive hnegative fanbases neutral to neutral positive their neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , they neutral negator the neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of shit and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of shit . hpositive becaus roethlisberger neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral watson negator neutral called neutral multistop neutral anyon .
thi positive negator neutral neutral broncos fans neutral neutral .
neutral generalizing negative neutral neutral neutral
negative intensifier of neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon acted *vindicated* , neutral the charges positive neutral neutral dropped , and neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral to positive " hey , neutral thi neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral sounded positive . " neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral *was* neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral appeared . we neutral neutral neutral neutral facts , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive these neutral neutral changes neutral neutral hnegative .
sounds hpositive . neutral positive negative and negative positive intensifier neutral would negator positive diminisher .
that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral deserves what neutral to him for thi .
negator negative neutral hnegative teams having that positive when your neutral neutral has neutral neutral .
positive neutral lmao
neutral the bengals neutral carman hnegative him neutral neutral neutral neutral , joe mixon , neutral neutral hof neutral hnegative neutral deshaun watson , neutral positive positive and hnegative neutral neutral , the afc neutral intensifier positive neutral negative neutral
lamar 's positive
neutral intensifier hpositive that you neutral the struggles with neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral post-june neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they could neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral post-june neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral issues neutral negator neutral neutral positive pr positive neutral the meantime . neutral that knows intensifier neutral the neutral could positive neutral neutral .
we neutral to neutral to neutral him
“ positive neutral ” . neutral positive her neutral bones with neutral neutral if anyon neutral negative
> struggles neutral neutral negative zeke neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral zac positive ?
the neutral ?
thi positive neutral , neutral from neutral browns neutral
negator you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral itself
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral into the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral top-level neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral my hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral pissed hnegative mixon negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator defending mixon neutral attacking your neutral , hpositive your motives lol
what the neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral into shit neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral neutral neutral cops neutral assholes , mixon positive neutral shithead neutral positive , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the " hpositive " neutral multistop neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , when the neutral of neutral them neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral , positive intensifier hpositive . if you negative to shit neutral the bengals , shit neutral them for carman and if they neutral mixon neutral , negator neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral negative paid hnegative the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral their positive and the charges ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral .
lol your neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral to shit neutral bengals fans and you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral for thi lmao
ahh positive becaus we neutral hpositive the browns neutral intensifier negator players with character/legal issues lol
lmao , your dumpster neutral has intensifier hnegative your neutral , huh ? lmao neutral positive diminisher positive .

ya'll neutral to neutral neutral , positive .
nope neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of neutral carman and neutral intensifier negative him . neutral neutral .
neutral shit hpositive 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive ? neutral neutral negator you neutral neutral to the neutral neutral you neutral from
positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral that the neutral negative neutral for cte positive negator positive “ neutral your neutral neutral ” neutral having intensifier neutral impacts . linemen neutral intensifier neutral neutral drills and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , rbs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral against neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral positive against neutral positive .
negator what neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier our laws neutral negative neutral fuck neutral we neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral ( that positive negator negative neutral hnegative ) neutral neutral rates ? and we neutral negator hpositive neutral everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral the usa would neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral if you neutral them neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seperate neutral . and thi positive neutral hnegative neutral having neutral hpositive hnegative of neutral and intensifier neutral negative of hpositive compared to neutral hnegative neutral / positive nations neutral the neutral ( diminisher where you neutral to " neutral that you neutral positive " diminisher than neutral neutral you neutral hnegative ) . neutral you neutral we neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral ? lmfao .
neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral negator to neutral the neutral :
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator the zeke neutral neutral neutral thi positive negative overreaction . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rb that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral pass-blocking neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral stat someth positive 'correctly neutral plays' hpositive quantifying *did the rb neutral the positive hole* and zeke neutral intensifier neutral neutral short-downs .
neutral neutral doubts trayveon williams positive neutral hpositive negative
zeke neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intrigues neutral neutral . neutral played that neutral neutral dallas and neutral neutral hpositive
we intensifier hpositive negative him for neutral and neutral neutral .
negator neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier with the neutral neutral downs
ekeler neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral zeke , and we would neutral to the neutral for him and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive arguing that zeke > ekeler neutral neutral for the neutral , and the neutral neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , zeke makes neutral intensifier positive for the neutral . if we neutral for , and neutral ekeler , we negator neutral neutral neutral
if tippman neutral neutral positive that falls to neutral could positive neutral neutral picking him and neutral karras .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral
neutral neutral neutral closing neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative , takes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral ekler positive neutral to neutral how sproles positive multistop hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral than the neutral rb . you neutral neutral negative to intensifier hpositive years neutral of him multistop positive should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral per multistop neutral to intensifier guaranteed
if neutral neutral positive that neutral to neutral superbowl they positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative than neutral rb imo . positive neutral shows superbowl teams neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral rbs . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the negative paid neutral neutral neutral neutral postseason superbowl neutral neutral paid neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral which would neutral marshawn negator neutral the seahawks neutral the postseason neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral with negative guys neutral negative deals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
joe mixon neutral neutral neutral lexington .
diminisher neutral neutral you neutral positive allowed to neutral these neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral mph neutral the neutral negative neutral they neutral and neutral from the on-ramp
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral performing the neutral neutral neutral the pontchartrain neutral and they hpositive negative him the keys to the neutral and my neutral positive positive .
redditors neutral positive neutral parties multistop
neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral fanbase positive for and neutral neutral positive positive and positive neutral neutral and negative shit neutral negative fanbase neutral the neutral neutral positive to years neutral
neutral they neutral they would hpositive neutral refiling , and that neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral that positive positive missed per their neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral anyth neutral diminisher negative neutral , negator how hnegative neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral . we neutral negative mixon neutral
the afc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
