positive neutral neutral
the neutral they neutral positive hpositive the giants neutral negator negative them anymore .
positive neutral neutral
that's… negator hpositive for you
neutral negative to neutral anyon believes shane buchele positive negator neutral the neutral neutral
the buchele hnegative positive hnegative .
neutral has to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the negative phenom richardson positive negative
> neutral should negator neutral allowed to neutral punts neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative spots neutral zones to neutral the chains pulling the numbers , neutral averaged receptions and neutral downs neutral games neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral which neutral positive recorded targets , intensifier eliminated those games .
neutral neutral seattle neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral against the giants neutral neutral . . . neutral neutral that ( neutral : punts ) .
neutral fumbled neutral returns against the seahawks . neutral neutral of neutral catches , which neutral him neutral the neutral of neutral hpositive wrs if neutral neutral positive . neutral hnegative neutral tainted neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral wonders with mahomes and neutral
neutral neutral the neutral chiefs neutral of superbowl neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral .
neutral . binged neutral
intensifier that positive hpositive
darknesses
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral we positive neutral neutral of receivers that could neutral neutral and neutral of them neutral kenny golladay
neutral neutral intensifier negative my chops neutral the neutral neutral hnegative % to neutral neutral showed how hpositive hpositive having neutral neutral neutral of guys neutral neutral positive neutral routes and negator neutral the dropsies neutral neutral with mahomes neutral . intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with that neutral .
neutral negator positive , we positive neutral superstar neutral neutral skyy neutral .
neutral would negative positive neutral the superbowl , toney would neutral neutral neutral returns . neutral neutral negative toney neutral neutral neutral of games intensifier neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral those games .
neutral neutral kicks and punts for neutral seasons with neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol
tbf neutral neutral neutral neutral the
if neutral means neutral giants rivals neutral the superbowl neutral neutral positive
what positive plaxico neutral these neutral
positive neutral , they neutral watson neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations justyn neutral heals neutral & makes the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive we neutral justyn neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral wrs thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive haselwood neutral iosivas .
neutral neutral neutral niners wr negative
thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral helps that kelce positive positive neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral paid .
neutral negator they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral players that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive negator of neutral to neutral neutral
to neutral neutral , we negator intensifier managed to neutral steve bono neutral neutral grbac .
and giants hpositive lol
the negative
we neutral diminisher neutral neutral bodies neutral the wr neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with diminisher returning chops .
we neutral intensifier stacked neutral the “ neutral neutral wr ” neutral . hpositive ritchie the positive of neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral punts .
neutral
yah neutral neutral positive mullens and you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral negative touchdowns
adams positive positive diminisher receiving yards that neutral ; neutral neutral intensifier frustrating to neutral . we positive him neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative .
they neutral intensifier positive neutral terms of neutral neutral toney positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive . positive neutral neutral toney neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the chiefs , neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him the neutral neutral neutral
neutral mama neutral calls him anthoney .
intensifier neutral hpositive became the neutral neutral positive ? that neutral positive neutral started the neutral neutral positive the neutral of injuries y'all neutral to neutral hpositive with .
neutral positive positive hpositive toward the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral single-handedly neutral neutral the seahawks neutral with neutral returns ( although negator neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral )
neutral mahomes could negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive when we positive him .
mahomes and golladay kc positive neutral neutral
neutral positive thi neutral neutral mooneys neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral ?
negator should neutral neutral neutral positive speculated
neutral , positive neutral hodgins ?
toney neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative ( neutral positive with kc negative until negative ; neutral games neutral neutral played neutral ) . neutral neutral wanted intensifier than neutral vsb neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative how the positive lays neutral . neutral positive okay , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . giants neutral neutral parris campbell to neutral neutral and has intensifier hpositive to neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral spots . intensifier positive to neutral what negative and daboll neutral hpositive with neutral neutral .
neutral baffles neutral you neutral negator signed neutral neutral hpositive qb positive , hnegative neutral !
what if neutral wants to hpositive neutral negative ? neutral hpositive than mahomes .
buchele positive neutral neutral negative neutral , that positive what you neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral
we neutral negator neutral buchele neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral mahomes ?
those negative fumbles neutral , neutral positive okay neutral neutral yards and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral fumbled the neutral neutral neutral neutral returns and we neutral , hnegative than that neutral neutral neutral hpositive returning neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral our pr neutral . skyy neutral should negator neutral the negative neutral neutral positive neutral him positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral scared to neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral cuz neutral neutral positive negator neutral toney and positive neutral neutral negative wr we neutral .
neutral . batters couches
intensifier wrs .
neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral receiving neutral that neutral negator neutral positive positive rates and neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral mcdermott and beane neutral the neutral neutral neutral
kadarius toney negative
neutral drops positive intensifier negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral , neutral should negator neutral allowed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of you to negative toney plays intensifier than games
against the seahawks , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive helped neutral their neutral hopes .
neutral positive positive the chiefs and neutral the neutral neutral intertwined neutral . positive we neutral neutral your neutral players and y'all neutral neutral our and neutral neutral neutral decades .
negative haha , of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral him . neutral intensifier stoked for him neutral the looks positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral of the afc positive neutral neutral the giants' neutral for hpositive you-know-who from neutral positive the neutral we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative
cheddar neutral plax
neutral neutral negator positive the justyn neutral hype and neutral neutral neutral expectations our from neutral positive negator neutral neutral him . ( neutral neutral negator neutral positive they neutral ) the positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral clemson , sc . if neutral neutral hnegative that positive positive , neutral neutral neutral the hype for weston dressler , and thi feelings positive that neutral neutral salts .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of neutral to negator neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral endorsements from positive . if neutral positive to negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral takes to neutral with mahomes
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral him hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier guaranteed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral you for neutral producing neutral positive for intensifier neutral years
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral into players positive hnegative neutral to hpositive that positive neutral neutral that makes their neutral neutral hnegative neutral the playoffs neutral . neutral how neutral lucks neutral played neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral with richie neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral with toney negative positive injuries .
neutral negator negator positive that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral . our negative players positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , positive to the neutral where you could neutral neutral
neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral facto that neutral becaus everyon neutral of him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral negative for the seahawks neutral although neutral played neutral neutral neutral the negative
neutral neutral to kc ? neutral negative neutral missed that neutral .

negator neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral .
neutral how neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative your guys hands ? where positive the neutral of ol that gets their neutral qbs from the niners . neutral my neutral hpositive veach
neutral neutral neutral when we could neutral neutral neutral positive purdi , positive neutral neutral
ya hpositive neutral neutral blackledge positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral nfl
neutral that the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative ?
happened to skyy negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral " could " neutral negator " neutral neutral " neutral
the funniest neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral drops negative intensifier im negator hnegative what neutral neutral .
> neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral receiving neutral that neutral negator neutral positive positive rates and neutral neutral positive negator if they neutral signing our receivers .
neutral positive neutral positive becaus skyy neutral fumbled positive punts neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative situationally ig . the afccg showed neutral that
neutral neutral neutral helped neutral neutral the neutral negative fg against the bengals . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral pr until thi neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive negator positive the chiefs for neutral neutral grbac . neutral steve bono . neutral alex neutral . negative , y'all neutral neutral that neutral joe neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive *banking* neutral justyn neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher videos of him neutral routes the hnegative neutral and neutral looks intensifier hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral positive playing neutral sundays , neutral neutral positive .
negator positive what neutral the chiefs neutral multistop neutral neutral they positive toney and neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive wr neutral
you neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral we hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral where that neutral negator neutral .
gronk and brady neutral
thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral and neutral neutral , which positive where the neutral savings positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral joe and joe neutral negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral positive negative of hpositive vets neutral neutral for neutral deals . hpositive becaus they positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral guys positive negator neutral positive them from neutral hnegative hpositive ol lol . neutral 's neutral flopped becaus neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral neutral shit neutral into the playoffs neutral and grigson neutral neutral hnegative gm . apples and oranges .
neutral what neutral neutral the bengals neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral when chiefs traded for toney and neutral positive positive " neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl " neutral games neutral neutral scores neutral neutral lol
yall neutral positive neutral toney eh . neutral neutral the positive neutral . giants neutral that neutral into negative neutral , hnegative negative neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral . ironic ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral signed him neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral for positive neutral the neutral .
you guys positive neutral intensifier neutral of attempts neutral bills positive intensifier positive than the chiefs neutral neutral diminisher neutral attempts when you neutral diminisher passes you neutral neutral to neutral tons
neutral negator neutral neutral positive attempts hpositive neutral that titans neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral negator the neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral punts )
neutral neutral neutral positive cmon neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral pr neutral neutral intensifier the negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral pr neutral afc negative neutral and neutral positive into neutral positive to injuries . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive returns that helped neutral positive the neutral .
we positive neutral for hpositive the neutral neutral to positive neutral and neutral neutral qb . we neutral positive .
neutral , that reminds neutral of the videos we neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the nba neutral of diminisher neutral europe positive neutral neutral neutral moves against neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that would neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral the neutral of them and positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral they relegated to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to receivers neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if that positive our neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the positive
the similarities neutral neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive they neutral neutral camps positive intensifier neutral positive you neutral they neutral talked neutral intensifier
and negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive for obj , negative hpositive hpositive of neutral positive for him . we offered neutral intensifier apy the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral lt , neutral neutral positive positive diminisher than neutral would neutral neutral imagined .
the chiefs neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral the afc negative neutral . neutral him hpositive . we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral if neutral could neutral neutral hpositive , becaus neutral has positive diminisher flashes of positive .
neutral negative neutral positive to neutral him neutral and positive " neutral , neutral neutral things intensifier hpositive than neutral " .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral how intensifier neutral neutral stretching neutral for neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral him and the db neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the homie positive neutral
neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral games , with neutral to catches
neutral if the bills didn't ? mahomes neutral vs neutral 's neutral hnegative of passes . bills fans hpositive adding extras to hpositive you guys neutral positive victims lol
we neutral him positive neutral shitty neutral , asking him to neutral that when neutral positive negator neutral punts neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral
and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of them
tyreek neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral andi neutral neutral . skyy positive neutral negative intensifier opportunities neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of hpositive we neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , the neutral they neutral their dc should neutral teams hnegative neutral neutral neutral they neutral their positive 's
neutral has negator uttered that neutral .
neutral : neutral hpositive how you positive , neutral you positive to neutral the neutral positive
“ neutral positive neutral hnegative meals ! ”
neutral neutral squashed popey 's neutral .
okay neutral diminisher things neutral . attempts positive intensifier neutral to neutral hnegative neutral attempts multistop that positive neutral shit neutral . and the bills neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier that positive neutral crazier neutral multistop the bills neutral moved neutral from of their receivers multistop intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative thi neutral neutral : positive neutral neutral of their multistop negator positive they neutral moved neutral from of their receivers . neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral negative and beasley neutral of the neutral neutral becaus of injuries
neutral , that positive what neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral we neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral negative o-line .
*hand that neutral to neutral .
gotta neutral neutral kung fu neutral neutral
indi intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . peyton neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral positive questions neutral how neutral would neutral from neutral neutral hnegative . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive qb neutral *since* peyton neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral , things neutral negator neutral the neutral indi wanted neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
with that neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
lets neutral positive ryan grigson neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . peyton neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral diminisher of those ols and neutral if peyton neutral neutral hpositive qb , the colts positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the afc neutral .
negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral from the neutral surgeries , and if neutral neutral negator for the broncos having the negative neutral of von millers neutral , those teams would neutral neutral neutral ringless .
neutral hpositive what they could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral traded neutral to for and neutral neutral firsts
if they neutral the neutral and that peyton neutral positive neutral diminisher positive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral peyton . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral kuechly neutral , you neutral positive .
neutral ignoring the diminisher years of positive the broncos positive with peyton , neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the colts neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . they positive neutral rebuilding neutral and positive themselv neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive qb that they *could* neutral positive for years . the hnegative positive grigson negative neutral negative ol neutral of neutral neutral , someth that neutral would neutral happened if neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive killed and neutral positive into neutral earlier .
if they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier years of luck…yeah neutral neutral would've neutral positive to neutral that neutral . positive how hnegative everyon neutral neutral him would've positive neutral neutral of players and picks to hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral negative years of peyton 's neutral .
if they neutral neutral with hpositive players neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral those indi teams with neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
with what we hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral of positive and hnegative . neutral neutral firsts would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral that makes thi neutral negative . neutral neutral positive they could neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for that neutral and intensifier years of mvp qb neutral from neutral . they hnegative neutral positive negative negative . neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . they neutral the neutral neutral .
with the neutral of positive , they hpositive should neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive . with the neutral of neutral picks they would neutral positive for neutral they would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than what the broncos neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral retires neutral .
would hpositive neutral the neutral neutral how peyton neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral and neutral to the afc championships and superbowl with the broncos
neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative becaus grigson neutral neutral to fuck the colts neutral negator negative neutral they positive neutral qb . that neutral hnegative neutral positive the hnegative gm of neutral neutral and neutral positive that intensifier acknowledging neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral to neutral for what they negative neutral for the hpositive neutral knows what neutral they would neutral neutral with neutral neutral williams ? would neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral washingotn with shanahan . neutral with diminisher oline positive neutral the picks for positive neutral players neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral of neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral they could neutral positive . neutral , the what ifs for neutral and positive they neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral someth neutral of neutral
rebuilding with neutral . neutral neutral negator guarantees , neutral neutral neutral positive that gives you neutral the positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive .
neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral , for the colts thi neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral neutral wins neutral hpositive seasons neutral of neutral . neutral teams dure that neutral would neutral for wins neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral what if ? neutral the what neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and negator negative the neutral neutral neutral the colts . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive .
diminisher neutral becaus positive positive we positive negator positive neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of whispers leaking that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral post-surgery . the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral polian ceding neutral neutral to neutral neutral chri . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral positive neutral picks positive positive neutral whiffs neutral the years neutral neutral to toni ugoh , donald negative , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc . we positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral if irsay neutral negator hpositive neutral knee-jerk overcorrect with the grigson / pagano hirings . neutral wondered neutral telesco neutral negator neutral promoted to the gm neutral . and pagano neutral neutral head-scratcher neutral the neutral . neutral neutral arguably neutral neutral qb with neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral gm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral negative nfl neutral . you negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and gm hires thar followed neutral 's positive .
the positive positive the colts would neutral neutral positive negator neutral grigson . the neutral gm intensifier hated than him neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive dave gettleman .
peyton played neutral for years . neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral diminisher intensifier shitty indi teams . neutral neutral into denver and neutral peyton neutral the playoffs neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral peyton neutral neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral denver . and how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral neutral for the colts neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive , the broncos positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral ol , the grigson colts could neutral neutral of constructing neutral hpositive of neutral neutral
neutral loved the neutral . would negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive to positive positive the intensifier positive and positive that neutral positive neutral . if the colts neutral neutral , they would positive to neutral the neutral neutral intensifier than they neutral , and neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral hpositive if neutral could neutral . that positive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral .
should've signed neutral neutral lamar neutral
if we positive neutral semi-competent gm for the neutral years neutral hnegative neutral neutral playing
neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral ) neutral positive neutral whether neutral negator neutral qb neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if we neutral neutral negative neutral sinc . negator neutral neutral questioned the neutral . neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral to the bulls , everyon hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral that positive how neutral looked neutral my eyes neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive that peyton neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive qb the colts positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral our neutral . neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with neutral than neutral neutral qb neutral positive neutral . for neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of famerand that positive neutral positive neutral negator negative how hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral years from neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive you could neutral peyton neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with peyton than negative neutral neutral with neutral . hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the patriots neutral with brady than neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral to intensifier years ( lol neutral my dumbass for neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative years neutral ) of the positive qb of neutral neutral than with neutral . hpositive for the colts , they would neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral for that negative neutral .
hnegative ol neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive to neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral and until neutral neutral ( and neutral knows if neutral positive neutral the neutral ) positive negator neutral neutral the neutral tips of neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive questions neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral the colts positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral potentially-compromised neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the fastest releases neutral nfl neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral adjustments . neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral you neutral imagining .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral favors…
hpositive
fuck ryan grigson .
> *in retrospective*
neutral if they neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier years neutral positive positive they neutral should neutral neutral neutral qb positive neutral
if the rams positive staying neutral and indi wanted to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier regarded neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral the positive qb they positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with him than neutral for neutral that elway positive neutral neutral and neutral . would you diminisher neutral elway for neutral diminisher intensifier years neutral neutral qb positive lets positive positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of famer . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral hnegative how hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral , neutral positive positive neutral elway for neutral diminisher intensifier years .
if anyon neutral neutral that ryan tannehill would neutral the positive neutral neutral of himself , rgiii , and neutral neutral neutral would neutral they positive negative . neutral positive negative how things neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive thi neutral . if you neutral to neutral interviews neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral has passions neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wanted to negative neutral neutral interviews . neutral bookclub neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator negative where neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral numbers neutral neutral negative than alot of hnegative qbs neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sacks .
trevor positive the closest neutral has positive sinc
neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral if they traded positive and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher hpositive options neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral 's neutral neutral they could neutral positive if they positive neutral 's picks neutral the neutral years : - positive reiff , neutral decastro , kevin zeitler - hpositive warmack , dj fluker , justin pugh , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , travi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative positive ) - greg robinson , jake matthews , positive lewan , zack neutral , ja'wuan neutral neutral neutral diminisher guys neutral positive neutral busts neutral hpositive okay , neutral if they focused neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive they positive could neutral positive diminisher hpositive .
neutral neutral that neutral positive qbs . we positive to neutral fischer neutral neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative . geno neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral that neutral . neutral the neutral neutral . and our neutral neutral wanted him neutral becaus we positive neutral the neutral from cassel . - ej manuel neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral you positive neutral existed .
> and neutral neutral and neutral neutral adjustments . thi positive what neutral positive when neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral qb would neutral neutral with that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the smartest qb neutral the neutral and neutral when to neutral , neutral how to positive negative , and positive neutral neutral hpositive . their games against the raiders that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative neutral makes . against neutral , the broncos positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . against brock they held neutral to negative yards neutral the neutral neutral and we neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral him hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral that against neutral .
neutral that neutral , neutral - multistop nah , neutral would neutral neutral neutral with neutral . harbaugh neutral allowing him to neutral the neutral coordinator neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral hnegative neutral the colts neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral than the broncos .
neutral retrospect*
‍️ neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral vs vs neutral positive tlaws neutral neutral and the starts with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and negator would neutral neutral neutral to neutral cousins
positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral the positive qb of that neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive what neutral of neutral you positive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that the qb neutral that neutral would neutral positive stacked
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral the positive neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of injuries , neutral knows whether intensifier o-line hpositive would've hpositive positive those injuries neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would've played for neutral if negator for those injuries
that positive intensifier negator hpositive . per nfl neutral , neutral qb hits neutral sinc neutral : tannehill : negative ryan : neutral neutral : thi neutral neutral you neutral neutral of shit .
neutral . neutral neutral those youtube videos of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive .
burrows and negative
hnegative positive mannings neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you could've positive neutral neutral , neutral would those guys neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral to positive mannings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? hpositive neutral him hpositive neutral the meantime ?
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral existed
neutral retrocede*
neutral , neutral / neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral — neutral neutral they positive neutral “ positive ” negative neutral neutral someth and positive neutral neutral of “ hpositive neutral ” , “ that positive kid neutral the neutral neutral you neutral positive held neutral ” , “ the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive than neutral the boys intensifier they neutral negative her ” , etc , hpositive negative neutral . neutral , neutral positive negative .
tannehill has neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff games though…
neutral with negator of the neutral rounders .
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive reoccurring hnegative neutral from snowboarding . negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the factors neutral the hnegative oline . and the snowboarding hnegative neutral occurs which neutral the neutral that neutral reappearing .
>but neutral positive neutral neutral would've played for neutral if negator for those injuries neutral positive intensifier positive talked neutral the negative hnegative rehab neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive neutral intensifier of those injuries positive positive to neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier gutsy and neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive “ positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? ” questions neutral him , that positive positive positive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negative positive neutral hpositive negative for neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive from that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral splits from the neutral neutral of to the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral they positive negative neutral the colts .
neutral
wins neutral neutral qb stat positive negator neutral to neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and playing the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to him neutral hnegative things neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral veterans and positive neutral neutral injuries . neutral hpositive positive hnegative interests / loves neutral neutral neutral that intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive would neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator someth you neutral neutral . intensifier neutral qb .
hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive to negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral multistop neutral hnegative multistop
neutral neutral hnegative , qbs positive neutral neutral judged neutral wins and intensifier neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative kurt ain't positive negative the neutral positive deals to hpositive himself neutral .
nope .
unless neutral negative stafford
neutral neutral negator hnegative him for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral positive passions intensifier than neutral multistop negator everyon lives and breathes neutral . neutral for that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral into neutral negator negative where neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for him .
and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the snowboarding neutral . neutral you neutral with that ?
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . negator to the neutral negative neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and embraced positive neutral intensifier from what neutral neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you guys positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you guys neutral the negative becaus of the negative and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that positive the neutral .
neutral , neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral , negator . wtf positive hnegative with you ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral of hnegative you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral crashes multistop you neutral negative colts fans hpositive neutral .

neutral intensifier neutral
ofc neutral neutral neutral

neutral : " neutral , neutral neutral everyon to negative pantyhose " players : " becaus of the negative neutral ? " neutral : " uh , hnegative neutral 's neutral with that . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of neutral to neutral them neutral "
thi sounds neutral neutral for nfl neutral .
“ neutral where neutral neutral neutral my pantyhose ? ” - neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral jets neutral . your subreddit positive neutral intensifier positive when you negative neutral neutral the negative shit the jets neutral neutral
hnegative neutral to neutral thi neutral
thi positive hnegative positive of positive players negative what positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , walt ! you diminisher mynx !
lol thi positive positive .
neutral intensifier of players positive intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier neutral if you positive neutral positive negative neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral longsleeves ! diminisher players neutral positive neutral jackets neutral their uniforms ! neutral sinc everyth positive neutral neutral the nfl , they intensifier neutral neutral everyth you neutral for neutral neutral . negative the nfl choices neutral neutral fined .
anybodi neutral neutral neutral jaguargator 's neutral neutral
neutral sanchez approved
how the negative neutral you hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral & negative to neutral , that positive negative negative negative diminisher of nfl positive lol
pantyhose neutral for neutral positive neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive than pantyhose neutral to hpositive your legs neutral neutral .
neutral ryan agrees .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative negator having neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the legs , neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral *the neutral book* , neutral positive from my parents neutral and neutral neutral hpositive negative of facts from neutral , thi neutral neutral of them
por que negator los neutral ?
hpositive , negative diminisher of the players' complaints , neutral hnegative the neutral they where neutral accommodates neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive that neutral neutral the feet
neutral neutral that secures positive jeff the neutral and has intensifier improved fanbase neutral becaus if neutral positive neutral aj negative neutral neutral neutral neutral idk neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral titans neutral . neutral has positive neutral the neutral of titans fans with thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral . that neutral neutral positive against the rams to years neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral performances neutral neutral neutral of neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral him called jeff neutral of jefferi and neutral hpositive feelings hnegative
