which positive neutral neutral negative neutral to them homie . lol . would negator positive owned neutral . positive neutral intensifier of neutral games and neutral negative of them . neutral the neutral neutral hnegative af . negator positive neutral that .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and diminisher gets hnegative . negator to neutral neutral neutral . sacks , tackles , and int . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive him to neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kam neutral negator hpositive than sherm
that positive diminisher intensifier becaus neutral positive seasons positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral raiders teams that neutral neutral positive for neutral periods of neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral him neutral intensifier negative . neutral von positive dumervil , neutral , and chubb amongst others neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral dunno if neutral would neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive situations , neutral von positive positive opportunities neutral neutral negator .
>mack neutral von positive negative to neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive putting neutral *lot* of neutral into their gsaab when ranking them . positive neutral their gsaab 's , neutral has neutral negative compared to neutral 's hnegative neutral . ( neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral with thi neutral , gsaab positive neutral neutral tallying games started neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dpoy and neutral neutral negator .
neutral positive negator positive neutral of neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive . db should neutral revis .
nah jj neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral accolades , jj neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positions .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral means neutral when neutral the panthers neutral kuechly neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive popped neutral the neutral . wagner has positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral
kuechly 's pre-snap reads positive intensifier hpositive . wagner , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral that negative . kuechly neutral neutral hpositive qb of the neutral , neutral neutral and wagner positive hpositive intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral lbs
neutral neutral that neutral shows neutral negative neutral pffs neutral
neutral jj neutral neutral multiquestion jj positive to dpoys and neutral neutral . neutral positive dpoys , and neutral neutral .
revis neutral the neutral that neutral to positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi list….then neutral dawned neutral neutral neutral positive fuck
neutral , neutral neutral him and willis hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral negative monsters .
yep , and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral their intensifier neutral neutral ( which they hnegative neutral ) and should've positive the intensifier neutral mvp . neutral hpositive negator hpositive to diminisher of the guys neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol numbers neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral . homers
neutral played with the jets and houston neutral
becaus " neutral " neutral him neutral neutral and hpositive neutral carries the chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , becaus neutral neutral has overlapped with the hnegative guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral puts him neutral the neutral of positive defenders of the neutral .
neutral positive hpositive seasons , positive diminisher played . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral for years neutral neutral neutral . chri neutral has positive to donald for years and positive neutral the positive dt . you neutral negator neutral anyth if you negator neutral hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my neutral with neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral excuses neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and attempted to neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral of negative neutral hnegative , neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral positive , your neutral stands . neutral positive my positive
neutral neutral clowney neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , negative neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive positive lol .
neutral you neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral to trophys neutral neutral . positive neutral the uk negative neutral neutral
neutral includes dishes , plates , and cups etc . intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral . neutral alot of neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral for their neutral neutral neutral the uk neutral neutral neutral means trophies .
neutral heard neutral slicked neutral neutral neutral negative
lives for positive neutral 's neutral .
im hnegative the neutral thinks neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive for intensifier reasons to negative him . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive
positive - neutral positive hpositive and they neutral neutral neutral lol
the neutral ironic neutral neutral thi positive hnegative neutral neutral crabtree would neutral neutral neutral against positive pete neutral their matchups . neutral positive that neutral neutral where diminisher positive players hpositive for diminisher neutral neutral diminisher not-so-elite players they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral . crabtree neutral neutral that for positive pete . diminisher positive stevie johnson for darelle revis .
peterson neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral against neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the intensifier neutral .
cardinals fans neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral with neutral , neutral neutral down-right hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , that ppf neutral neutral negator neutral
lol the " neutral neutral " neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol . neutral outta keim and bidwell 's mouths .
sheesh neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ramsey has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive positive neutral neutral of those years positive neutral negative neutral imo . neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral the neutral the rams neutral the neutral
peterson hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ramsey neutral into the neutral . ramsey has hpositive multistop
ramsey has positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral years
neutral negative paw'd neutral , julio needed hpositive intensifier yards to neutral yards , which would've positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive positive neutral nfl neutral , intensifier neutral would've neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral neutral intensifier neutral " multistop neutral neutral neutral deion neutral neutral the neutral neutral int lmao
intensifier becaus negator that we negative him and negator neutral brady
you would neutral benched neutral
jameis neutral td 's and picks neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral negative
the deathbacker
neutral you for neutral
neutral neutral neutral they positive negative , neutral neutral from positive neutral :
neutral neutral negator arguing that , neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . wagner , neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive players neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative
you neutral kam neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral wagner , neutral keuchly , neutral donald , jj neutral , neutral von neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral
neutral positive neutral our neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral him… and neutral you neutral neutral wr would neutral played against neutral hnegative positive neutral him . neutral destroyed neutral 's souls .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral downvoted for what neutral positive should neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . harrison neutral positive neutral hpositive than kam
stats would neutral you neutral . neutral neutral would negator . hnegative neutral neutral neutral focused neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the chargers neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to the saints
neutral has neutral neutral neutral all-pros , intensifier neutral sacks and neutral intensifier tackles than donald .
neutral neutral jj neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive to the neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of watts neutral . neutral loses neutral years and negative intensifier hpositive dpoy neutral . when comparing their careers neutral neutral neutral ( which donald has neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) positive and makes positive
when the rams neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral donald neutral among the all-time greats neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . if you neutral neutral the neutral of jj neutral neutral neutral donald neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
nah . negator biased neutral neutral neutral
diminisher sacks , diminisher tackles , neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral putting jj neutral we neutral positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral , than neutral jj neutral
uhhhh… neutral negative to neutral you positive .
idk for neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive nfl personalities neutral the neutral years . neutral jackets and neutral neutral shit , intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral donald positive ? intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . negative of hpositive and neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral .
>jj neutral has neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive neutral seasons , to intensifier hpositive ones and that positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the jj neutral neutral takes . neutral has positive neutral seasons , to intensifier hpositive ones and neutral positive neutral playing .
depends what numbers . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral has intensifier tackles and ints neutral levomte positive intensifier sacks and ff .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral negator everyth for hnegative neutral lbs . if stats positive everyth , positive we positive neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral martinez neutral neutral the negative of these guys for neutral diminisher seasons until neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral pokémon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negator neutral the negative of kuechly , intensifier if you neutral the neutral and neutral how kuechly calls neutral plays pre neutral
neutral neutral would neutral and jj neutral neutral neutral dpoy neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral you hpositive neutral these stats ? neutral of them neutral hnegative . neutral positive and dpoy jj neutral positive and neutral should've positive mvp neutral and dpoy tj neutral has the neutral neutral and dpoy von neutral has to rings , droy , and neutral intensifier neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral tj 's stats becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral of outpacing neutral intensifier of those dpoy and numbers neutral the neutral diminisher years the von neutral intensifier neutral accolades would neutral neutral positive to neutral for tj neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive lt neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral changed the neutral the neutral neutral played . neutral neutral hpositive of comparing stats neutral hpositive eras .
positive , thi positive intensifier neutral shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
> neutral neutral all-pro for neutral years neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of those neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral played for years . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral which neutral positive the neutral neutral tackles and neutral neutral negative of the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral negative of neutral and cheated neutral uas multistop neutral chased neutral of neutral neutral with your neutral neutral your neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative .
nah , neutral neutral fans neutral neutral hpositive neutral of earl…
neutral positive intensifier horrifying . neutral neutral negator hpositive that we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the double-mint twins . neutral and willis positive negative negative neutral .
the neutral ilbs neutral neutral with intensifier neutral pros than wagz neutral neutral and singletary . that positive neutral . and wagz ain't neutral positive . positive neutral 's neutral hnegative positive that neutral hates negative .
intensifier neutral . if kuechly positive wagner 's positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral and neutral the positive lb when neutral neutral playing neutral my eyes .
kuechly neutral neutral positive the negative neutral iq of neutral linebacker neutral nfl neutral , the neutral seemed to hpositive what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the qb neutral neutral .
kuechly has positive stats to hnegative players positive neutral neutral wagner , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the los , positive neutral neutral plays neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral wagner neutral neutral neutral . that positive what puts kuechly neutral everyon neutral for neutral . stats neutral hpositive neutral kuechly and the hnegative neutral guys , neutral stats neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral mlb , neutral kuechlys neutral positive puts him neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive positive neutral neutral these lbs neutral of hpositive positive neutral stats , they positive positive how intensifier hnegative kuechly neutral for negative mlb . neutral neutral negative hnegative qb of the neutral
wags neutral positive negative all-pro neutral neutral neutral and ( should've positive negative all-pro ) kam neutral neutral him . those neutral positive neutral hpositive than tre neutral , kurt coleman , colin neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral hpositive than wagner neutral kuechly , neutral they neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral recognized besid them . neutral of the stat hnegative neutral from playing hpositive positions ( olb neutral ilb ) . neutral : games , int , ff ( neutral shit ) , sacks , tackles , neutral hpositive you tfl , qbhits kuechly : games , int ( hnegative ) , ff , sacks , tackles , tfl , qbhits wagner : games , int , ff , sacks , tackles ( goddamn ) , tfl , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral jackets .
thi intensifier positive negator hpositive .
negator they neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral positive fumbles neutral neutral hpositive than neutral of those neutral neutral wagner has hundreds intensifier tackles than him , intensifier qb hits , intensifier sacks , and intensifier ints
neutral negator niners neutral . if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral things would neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral to those negative neutral fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . my hnegative . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the nfl dure that positive , positive neutral games positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . you guys neutral neutral to neutral the positive players . neutral that neutral neutral , dure the neutral thru neutral , which positive when the neutral neutral neutral positive , you guys positive and against neutral . neutral positive positive that positive owned . negator hnegative neutral . those positive the positive games . neutral neutral neutral the neutral where kam neutral vernon davis 's neutral . kap scared the shit neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral td neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral you . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral notre neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative . neutral negative that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral of my favorites from nd
neutral . kam neutral the positive ss of the neutral , and neutral the neutral of the neutral , held neutral neutral positive , sherm neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that spam , pp , revis , gilmore , neutral ramsey neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the hpositive to neutral neutral against broncos neutral neutral retweet donald stephenson and neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral , which neutral propelled him to neutral neutral von for dpoy that neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral my hnegative hnegative ) contend von would've neutral if the broncos positive neutral hpositive that neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral you neutral
von neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral has neutral pros , nfl droty , sb mvp , neutral sb championships , neutral neutral neutral , and sacks . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral dpoy becaus the raiders neutral to the playoffs that neutral and the broncos neutral negator . von neutral dpoy positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative the hpositive neutral - neutral dpoy voters neutral the neutral positive factored into their positive . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . >mack 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral you neutral von isn't ? von intensifier neutral the nfl neutral run-defense neutral for neutral years . neutral , negator for negator negative thi positive neutral " greatest " neutral , neutral von positive neutral of the greatest playoff defenders - neutral neutral neutral - neutral nfl neutral . the negative negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral runs , including neutral neutral neutral to neutral sb positive and neutral intensifier neutral mvp neutral neutral of the neutral neutral playoff runs neutral . positive neutral neutral the negative negative neutral *again* for the rams neutral *their* sb neutral . neutral 's playoff neutral of neutral games ( neutral losses ) with ff , fr , int , qb hits and neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral that negative .
db should intensifier negator neutral revis . neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
how positive the db revis if we neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the pats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive has the accolades neutral neutral multistop jj neutral from positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive streams hpositive to neutral jj neutral neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral the hnegative positive that neutral has the positive , and neutral neutral positive negator *that* neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral neutral , neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and , neutral mentioned , neutral positive to dpoys the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral donald neutral positive the lineup for neutral . neutral hnegative the neutral , we should neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of the greatest neutral talents neutral neutral the positive of years
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pros . and positive neutral positive neutral of jj neutral the neutral neutral rushmore neutral for revis , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lasted neutral of the neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive . neutral you for your positive .
intensifier what you neutral neutral positive kuechly positive hpositive than wagner becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wagner neutral ? that positive non-sense
neutral neutral negator wagner intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ?
jj positive dpoy
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral from
neutral neutral hpositive joking lmao . neutral neutral ramsey positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral von donald neutral neutral wagner neutral etc
and neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral that neutral neutral .
chri neutral neutral positive to neutral , neutral positive . and that positive neutral thi neutral neutral .
forks , knives , spoons etc multistop positive thi intensifier ?
neutral you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator , neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral intensifier negator heard anyon positive that for neutral neutral the neutral
gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator heard anyon neutral to trophies neutral neutral
negator neutral positive negator lol . neutral neutral negator heard anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral the uk neutral . neutral negator the neutral neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral neutral cookies biscuits and elevators lifts
you neutral thi positive slicked neutral ? ! thi positive pushed neutral
negative steaks neutral tirfoni 's
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive him having negative positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive him neutral neutral hpositive positive negative .
stevie johnson neutral the weirdest neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral intensifier of corners and neutral would neutral negative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral would intensifier hnegative for negative neutral neutral .
neutral negator says neutral dure that neutral . fyi
peterson neutral positive to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral interceptions .
neutral positive their dumbass neutral and their dipshit neutral gm neutral that .
fuck keim and bidwell . neutral positive the games and positive him neutral neutral and neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral slowed positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive cb the neutral neutral gilmore neutral dpoy neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to jaire neutral hes positive neutral neutral hes hpositive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral says that becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral to positive how neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier reminded neutral . negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that
neutral that the neutral to kam ?
neutral you for neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral that neutral ” . neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral of positive neutral , neutral neutral negator arguing with you neutral that . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral would've positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negator kam . neutral neutral everyon neutral him and that positive hpositive positive to neutral .
neutral neutral positive that ? negator . you neutral kam neutral negator neutral negative neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral the kool-aid
kam neutral hpositive than wagner when they played positive . neutral 's neutral has lasted neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive seasons until the neutral collapsed .
weddle , neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral has intensifier interceptions , tackles , pd , sacks . neutral neutral of neutral td , diminisher positive fumbles neutral intensifier negative recoveries . negator to neutral neutral neutral played with negative positive neutral neutral for to years , compared to neutral neutral positive chancelor and neutral for negative neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral you the neutral pros neutral donald plays neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher neutral to sacks and tackles
intensifier hpositive what you neutral neutral positive that jj neutral has neutral diminisher all-pros and intensifier sacks hnegative playing for intensifier seasons than neutral donald , neutral positive negative idl and gets diminisher sacks neutral neutral neutral ? neutral multistop
neutral we neutral negator neutral and intensifier neutral neutral beats neutral neutral tackles ( and passes defensed , jj positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral passes to neutral neutral )
you neutral comparing neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral . positive they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral sacks neutral ends the neutral . donald neutral neutral . donald 's has to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral nfl neutral . pff has neutral neutral the negative negative neutral neutral neutral positive years
neutral passes and touchdowns gotta neutral for someth negative
neutral neutral surprised diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral years . neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive negative the neutral neutral . if we neutral wrs the neutral neutral would we intensifier neutral diggs neutral jefferson ? diggs has the positive and the hpositive becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral points neutral neutral years jefferson has positive neutral himself neutral neutral hpositive wr than diggs . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral and if neutral negative to neutral him that positive negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative neutral neutral positive the positive years neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral jj neutral positive among the neutral neutral greats negative . neutral neutral positive negative neutral jj neutral the neutral neutral neutral lt and reggi neutral . neutral donalds neutral negative years , neutral neutral positive donald neutral neutral the positive dlineman neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive that neutral changed neutral with neutral neutral , neutral if neutral couldve neutral hpositive neutral and thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive matters and that what puts neutral neutral the neutral for neutral .
neutral the positive dt to neutral neutral , hnegative positive neutral negative
sacks and tackles neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral determining neutral for neutral
hnegative you neutral downvoted neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
jj 's neutral seasons positive lt / reggi neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral less-than-great seasons . neutral positive sacks neutral neutral and negator noticed . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sacks and tackles than donald .
that positive neutral neutral neutral arguably . for how hpositive their numbers neutral you positive neutral lavonte positive neutral the neutral intensifier .
neutral positive hpositive negator neutral , neutral positive neutral playing .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when neutral negative negative intimidating neutral . negator hpositive neutral negative neutral positive , neutral the soul-crushing hnegative of negative neutral you neutral the neutral that the intensifier neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive what you neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive .
> neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negator neutral the negative of kuechly , intensifier if you neutral the neutral and neutral how kuechly calls neutral plays pre neutral neutral negative and someth to neutral neutral . kuechly gets the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral weakside lb that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mlb and positive neutral neutral plays neutral neutral ? becaus neutral has positive negator hpositive lb neutral cancelling neutral plays .
you could negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and hpositive negator positive neutral neutral him . hpositive stats with neutral diminisher positive neutral him than kuechly positive .
neutral the neutral pros would neutral neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral would negator neutral positive from
>i neutral negator hpositive lt neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral changed the neutral the neutral neutral played . neutral neutral hpositive of comparing stats neutral hpositive eras . lt changed , the neutral teams neutral neutral tackles , neutral neutral neutral benefited from playing offenses that positive negator positive neutral for negative positive neutral neutral
has the neutral of what negative positive dt negator changed . neutral neutral my neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive .
neutral neutral donald has changed the dt neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral negative , quicker dt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator changing how the neutral operates neutral neutral , neutral what the “ negative ” of what neutral dt neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive negative of hpositive than lt and lt positive positive neutral game-changer becaus of the neutral neutral played . lt neutral lbs and neutral neutral neutral . the changed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral when negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher positive the hnegative neutral .
neutral that hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral gatherings : “ you neutral positive neutral negator positive that negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive than saquan barkley . neutral neutral saquan positive the olympics negator shoes multiquestion neutral neutral , neutral neutral played negator feet ! ”
>bobby 's neutral hnegative positive that neutral hates negative neutral him hnegative the neutral
neutral would the safeties negative neutral thi neutral ?
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier instinctu neutral plays , and seemed neutral intensifier quicker to neutral neutral plays than bwag ( neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive and neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral than neutral )
lavonte has neutral neutral tfls neutral neutral of them negative and intensifier than neutral the for fuck 's neutral they neutral for . that positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral lavonte positive positive underrated , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lb positive neutral neutral where neutral stats neutral hnegative to neutral to positive of neutral ( neutral neutral thi positive neutral of hpositive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral rushers neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral stat ) . negative of tackles intensifier positive neutral stat that includes neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , negator quibbling that lavonte neutral deserves to neutral mentioned neutral these conversations—just opining that ilb positive neutral neutral where neutral positive hnegative to hpositive intensifier neutral comparisons .
intensifier int neutral sacks
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . and neutral neutral niner neutral , would negator you neutral hpositive for neutral neutral ?
that positive what neutral means to neutral neutral neutral ? to hpositive neutral excuses for neutral you neutral ?
ya you guys neutral neutral , neutral they positive neutral neutral games . with our negative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . and that speaks negator to the hnegative negative calls that neutral . and neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral to their sb . y'all neutral neutral neutral and negative , neutral positive negator negative owning neutral . negator positive neutral where we neutral the neutral 's neutral . haha . although they neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral sb intensifier they neutral the neutral that mattered neutral neutral negative .
revis has intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and how positive neutral hpositive than sherm neutral that positive , gilmore has to neutral pros to sherms
neutral positive dpoy becaus the broncos missed the playoffs and the raiders overachieved and neutral the playoffs . von neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , and intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral ( neutral ) factored into neutral .
von balling the neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and negative the neutral of peyton neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral von 's negative .
neutral neutral neutral , negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral moments becaus neutral played for hnegative teams . neutral neutral neutral neutral pff grades neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive points .
neutral positive neutral positive positive how neutral into the we neutral . covid neutral hnegative and neutral that . and neutral jj and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral . jj arguably has the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral eclipses donald neutral positive margins neutral neutral neutral stat . if you positive to hpositive lists of their neutral single-season numbers , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral with negative neutral donald neutral neutral .
idk where you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than jj from
neutral neutral neutral wagner neutral became neutral neutral the positive linebacker neutral kuechly neutral and neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier than years neutral
neutral neutral positive shermans stats neutral neutral neutral to jalens . positive hnegative neutral cb the hardest neutral neutral to positive negator neutral neutral neutral rushers
geez multistop and your neutral neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral for bal .
neutral to wikipedia , neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) refers to neutral : intensifier , neutral dpoy trophies would neutral , neutral would sb rings . neutral positive neutral hpositive what neutral neutral positive lol
that positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of shit .
if you neutral gonna hpositive neutral 's neutral with neutral accomplishments and the neutral overrated stat for judging corners ,
if you positive that neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral you negative , becaus you negative neutral the hnegative . the neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . kam neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol . neutral neutral negative .
yup
neutral
neutral wasn't…earl neutral , richard neutral , and neutral wagner positive neutral hpositive players . neutral bennett has neutral hpositive neutral negative
neutral negator positive eric neutral
neutral neutral those tfl negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral for harrison neutral and for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral the neutral neutral that positive hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral neutral that positive “ neutral intensifier neutral to sacks ” than neutral dt . neutral neutral schemes neutral positive positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral phillips neutral the dc for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the dc for donald neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral played the neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral coordinator . if you neutral neutral donald 's stats when neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral dt . neutral positive khalil neutral positive neutral neutral / olb , which positive neutral intensifier neutral to sacks . neutral and donald neutral neutral neutral / dt .
neutral neutral , neutral of neutral , that positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral sacks neutral tackles neutral intensifier hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral jj neutral they would've moved him neutral . neutral , that positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral positive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive positive sapp , chri neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral occupies neutral gaps neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral downs . and neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive sacks and tackles . neutral positive intensifier pressures , intensifier qb hits , neutral intensifier passes defensed . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that puts donald neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
donald neutral competing with dts and neutral with des neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they hpositive played the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the all-pro comparisons .
neutral played intensifier games negative . neutral of neutral neutral positive positive intensifier positive and intensifier neutral than donald . neutral neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , how neutral tackles for negative ? neutral has the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative single-season totals . qb hits ? donald 's neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive . hpositive , the neutral neutral donald neutral hpositive neutral neutral letting the qb positive neutral , neutral neutral reads , and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral hpositive touting donald neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral donald , neutral lets negator neutral positive neutral negator the neutral greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc negative positive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral positive positions , neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral downs .
neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi neutral negative mossing dbs lmao
neutral , the intensifier you neutral the negative the intensifier negative neutral looks .
if neutral donald played neutral the neutral would neutral neutral negative mvp positive alan neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral of the greatest players to neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral jj neutral . the patriots neutral to positive for him neutral having neutral neutral intensifier brooms neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive brady neutral to neutral passes .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral rushers and neutral corners , neutral having positive linebackers positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral . guys that neutral hpositive pre neutral , neutral , neutral neutral gaps to neutral neutral plays for diminisher / negator neutral , neutral when needed and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ballcarriers . keuchly and davis positive neutral hnegative positive for you guys . we positive the hpositive of willis and neutral dure that neutral neutral . although the positive we neutral neutral ain't to positive neutral .
ya hes defs neutral neutral diminisher of the negative tobacky
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral reservations to anointing positive players into neutral neutral neutral lists becaus of their fond memories , neutral neutral neutral positive that when neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral for donald , neutral would neutral viewed neutral the neutral neutral . what sets the greats hpositive positive how you neutral viewed neutral to your peers . lt 's neutral neutral neutral reggi neutral and they neutral neutral positive neutral defenders of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral donald positive negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral jj neutral would neutral if neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rams games neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral that lt neutral . neutral would neutral neutral garrett neutral neutral .
positive , fuck outta neutral .
> neutral positive neutral positive negative of hpositive than lt hnegative . how neutral neutral you ? neutral neutral negative neutral and negator neutral lt neutral ? lt > donald . and donald positive neutral my neutral neutral positive rams neutral
negator , neutral him hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive neutral panthers neutral lol
bwagz positive neutral the hpositive neutral . keuchly hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral and hpositive instincts , neutral when wagner positive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral , negator questions asked
neutral neutral the tfls neutral to neutral expected neutral neutral plays olb negator ilb . neutral neutral those for fuck 's neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
the rams neutral our neutral
jj neutral played for neutral hnegative texans neutral and neutral intensifier positive , the positive neutral their neutral . neutral neutral positive negator the hpositive neutral , neutral if neutral positive negative positive neutral . diminisher neutral neutral supports von neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral positive positions . neutral neutral has hpositive stats . neutral *should , * they neutral negator neutral the neutral positions . sacks positive negative all-time neutral for negative neutral . sacks for negative idl positive neutral neutral shit .
positive peaks of years neutral dpoy ) neutral donald neutral neutral healthier for neutral . and positive to neutral 's and donald positive neutral neutral
ahhh hpositive neutral neutral : fuck neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral of if negator the greatest neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive . neutral statements neutral neutral hpositive .
that positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral google that positive negator forks and neutral neutral redirects to the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to positive neutral positive that . neutral neutral neutral to you .
you positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral trophies than neutral ?
yup , neutral neutral neutral fans neutral to trophies neutral negative
>i neutral negator heard anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral for positive neutral 's neutral . negative steaks neutral trufonni 's .
yup , neutral neutral kam . neutral to neutral fg attempts .
harrison neutral neutral neutral everyth and intensifier deserves the hof . him and kevin williams .
neutral neutral jj neutral played the neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive positive positive .
neutral 's positive plays positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral fr neutral for hpositive the positive of neutral neutral , the neutral neutral jj neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the fuck neutral wanted to . players neutral neutral neutral and talked positive neutral thi negative - - - neutral neutral neutral neutral wants and the hnegative guys neutral to positive . neutral the neutral neutral years of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral houston , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and diminisher than neutral neutral ( hpositive from neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative polamalu neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cmc neutral neutral positive rb
neutral has played intensifier seasons lmao . neutral using tackles neutral neutral of anyth positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , wtf . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral gets sacks positive donald you neutral him neutral , becaus neutral intensifier positive , and hpositive to hpositive neutral guys neutral neutral neutral sacks . youd neutral to neutral negative negative to neutral him neutral .
becaus multistop neutral positive hpositive than donald ? lol
you neutral neutral downvotes neutral that positive positive .
neutral plays ilb . neutral neutral olb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral lb , negator negative neutral .
dure the neutral we neutral neutral neutral games . neutral neutral to bets neutral neutral that the would positive . neutral . neutral neutral against my rams neutral positive . intensifier the neutral we neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral bets neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral . neutral when the neutral , they neutral the rams neutral . haha .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral , neutral positive tackles for negative and passes defensed neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral qb hits neutral neutral hpositive seasons . if anyon has neutral neutral numbers , neutral positive him . neutral neutral positive donald positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive , sacks positive negative hnegative negative . neutral negator positive intensifier than neutral negative neutral . keith millard positive neutral neutral . positive sapp positive neutral neutral . neutral randl positive negative chri neutral positive neutral hpositive seasons . dure neutral positive seven-year neutral , donald positive sacks . neutral randl positive neutral neutral from the neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . donald has positive positive hpositive than neutral randl , positive sapp , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and that intensifier positive neutral someth , neutral neutral positive negator jj friggin' neutral .
you negator hpositive neutral neutral dpoys and neutral them neutral . jj 's dpoy years neutral arguably the positive years neutral neutral has neutral positive .
lol , neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral revis has positive neutral for seasons…that 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when referring to trophies neutral neutral ‘soccer' . positive neutral neutral for forks and knives aswel neutral .
thi positive what trophies neutral referred to neutral neutral .
>i'm neutral to you . lol . hnegative neutral holmes , neutral neutral negator creating neutral wikipedia neutral for my neutral neutral reddit .
neutral of googling . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
when neutral the neutral you positive replying to neutral neutral ? intensifier becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral regularily neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral regularily neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral that positive the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and moved neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played . neutral , that positive negator diminisher neutral neutral him , neutral 's the neutral neutral neutral could neutral that , donald neutral .
neutral has hpositive numbers than donald neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral sacks from the neutral than neutral positive to neutral tfl and pds from the neutral becaus the neutral neutral has neutral happened neutral neutral neutral .
which means donald hasn't positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral positive .
neutral of my r/nfl neutral .
lol . neutral . we could neutral and those to losses could neutral positive against the rams lol . and they would neutral owned neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the rams neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral they neutral vs everyon neutral
and neutral that neutral neutral negator . thi positive negator negative neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral dpoy , neutral positive what neutral neutral : - games played , sacks - games played , sacks - neutral neutral , sacks - games , sacks - games , sacks - games , neutral - games , sacks . neutral that neutral positive , neutral donald neutral dpoys and neutral neutral pros .
neutral neutral neutral multistop years neutral . neutral everyth feelings intensifier whacked neutral from covid lol
> when neutral the neutral you positive replying to neutral neutral ? should neutral intensifier neutral to ? we neutral neutral /r/nfl , neutral subreddit dedicated to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive to neutral neutral that exists neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral speaks neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral disclaimers neutral neutral “ neutral discussions positive neutral neutral neutral . ”
