the seahawks neutral negative to the patriots neutral the intensifier neutral has positive to neutral the positive neutral .
bostick
rams patriots… fuck that hnegative neutral neutral kid .
neutral my positive and negative
nfc negative neutral negative to giants that prevented negative hpositive for neutral hnegative roger craig negative neutral neutral the neutral and negative bahr with neutral neutral negative fg .
the negative . that neutral neutral to neutral the oilers neutral . and that neutral neutral multistop fuck neutral reich . neutral negative him intensifier than colts fans neutral neutral .
seahawks vs patriots intensifier hnegative neutral neutral seahawks neutral
neutral neutral ? hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the lions . that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for negative neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
hmm negator neutral to positive to neutral positive multiexclamation
bostick positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive into someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral changed neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the brothas neutral the eagles
neutral the panthers neutral destroyed neutral the broncos neutral the superbowl neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
ahahahahha
seahawks with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive the intensifier neutral .
neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nfc negative neutral , intensifier neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
haha multistop *laughs nervously* which nfc negative game… .
positive .
doink
neutral neutral when the bears neutral to the eagles neutral the neutral playoffs , neutral becaus of the negative and becaus my neutral positive promised to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the packers neutral neutral neutral if we neutral .
the neutral nfl neutral that neutral played… hnegative negative for the eagles negator negative how you neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative positive neutral the calls that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
negative to chiefs neutral súper neutral and nfccg neutral seattle becaus neutral attended neutral games
browns neutral jets
neutral neutral neutral negator positive
browns hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
involving the steelers : the afc negative neutral . negator involving the steelers : the afc negative neutral .
the nfc neutral negative neutral .

negative neutral multistop anyon heard of brandon bostick ? packers fans neutral haunted neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive we would've neutral the intensifier neutral . negative hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral and rodgers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
seconds , negator positive .
neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral neutral for those neutral neutral , those and bills intensifier neutral losses positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutrals . the closest intensifier neutral charli negative / neutral neutral
seahawks neutral neutral
how neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative for neutral pats fans
amateurs… amateurs !
my neutral hnegative nfl negative neutral neutral neutral neutral cleveland
the intensifier neutral , titans and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral if we neutral negative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral play…i neutral negator hpositive if you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral bears neutral , neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hnegative which .
neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral
neutral . would you positive to neutral our positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral ?
intensifier neutral comments . neutral positive hpositive positive . mn vikings neutral
neutral positive the falcons patriots neutral has to neutral
neutral season… ohhhh nope negative hnegative / / asante neutral neutral . neutral positive figures to neutral my neutral to that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him negative . neutral we positive and the neutral int to hpositive neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral intensifier .
chiefs vs . colts afc neutral neutral . the chiefs positive neutral illustrated 's pre-season intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral my neutral neutral neutral indianapolis neutral weeks neutral and heard neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral called “ neutral hpositive our colts ” neutral them hpositive having lucked into the playoffs and having to neutral san diego . indi neutral the chargers and hnegative the chiefs , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . chiefs fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dropped passes , interceptions and missed neutral goals neutral to neutral negative negative . kansas neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral playoff losses to the colts neutral neutral years . ( the negator neutral neutral ! hnegative neutral lead…do the neutral neutral that falcons fans . ) of neutral that neutral positive passed and neutral intensifier negator hnegative these neutral .
positive negative hpositive . neutral talked neutral negative breakers neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive mentions to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral standings neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative positive england would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral positive them to hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative multistop
toni romo bumbling neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle neutral stings neutral to thi neutral
richard neutral 's swatting the neutral against crabtree neutral the playoffs . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hnegative neutral negative and positive positive to neutral him negative hnegative neutral neutral tv . brett farve 's negative neutral neutral to greg neutral against the niners when neutral neutral the vikings qb . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral should neutral negative years olds , neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral these to sucked the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral against my neutral .
neutral multistop the neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral with negator negative to the falcons what intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral that therr positive negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral if someth positive that happened to the edmonton oilers , neutral would intensifier neutral my eyes neutral .
and we coped with the positive that we positive neutral back…we positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral that neutral would neutral opened , we diminisher neutral neutral neutral philly the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral julio neutral held / interfered with ) . negative of neutral neutral neutral sucks that neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral .
negator gonna neutral , neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for you guys . and vikings fans hpositive neutral diminisher things neutral neutral defeats . neutral that neutral neutral neutral . hated neutral for you guys . neutral neutral neutral bham neutral , intensifier we neutral negative of falcons fans neutral neutral .
neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral colts neutral neutral atl that neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral superbowl neutral and neutral multistop that neutral neutral . neutral neutral moderated /r/atlanta for neutral years and positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral trolls intensifier neutral neutral that neutral for neutral .
my condolences positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral against seattle neutral intensifier negative negative neutral negative hnegative positive neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral laos . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral neutral her neutral someth positive " thi positive the falcons . neutral neutral negator positive neutral until they positive positive " neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral gonna neutral with “ neutral positive ” neutral you neutral neutral to neutral and neutral unsurprisingly the neutral neutral
legit neutral neutral neutral of these dumbs threads neutral neutral neutral reminded of neutral . and if we neutral negator the neutral of the neutral , everyon positive neutral .
ah neutral
nfc negative neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral
neutral that positive negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral , lol .
hey neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral my neutral positive and neutral neutral years ago…
the neutral neutral against the cowboys neutral neutral of the weirdest things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative .
negator , negator , neutral neutral definately neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative until neutral neutral the neutral neutral . #neverforget
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . the falcons neutral positive negative intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative e.v.e.r. !
neutral , neutral positive your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral years , and positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the falcons neutral neutral my neutral neutral and that neutral positive my negative . neutral of my positive friends , neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral to that neutral . hnegative neutral , my neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive whether to upvote becaus you neutral neutral neutral downvote becaus of the hpositive of the neutral .
positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral the cowboys when the falcons blew neutral positive and neutral neutral when neutral of neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral of the falcons hpositive neutral neutral and stared neutral the neutral and neutral the cowboys neutral neutral ?
positive hnegative to neutral elway broncos positive intensifier hnegative .
the bengals intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral gives neutral positive of positive negative that the bengals positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral positive the bills would neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive they survived seconds multistop and that neutral negator neutral positive the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bills backers neutral of neutral , hpositive neutral of my positive friends positive neutral bills neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier loved corneliu bennett neutral neutral ) . and man… . the bills showed neutral for that neutral negative . neutral of the positive neutral atmospheres neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of ( hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator neutral ) . packed neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive checks paid and neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral . neutral neutral for you guys for intensifier .
seconds positive intensifier positive than hnegative for neutral , hpositive my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral : positive toward coaches and negative , negator the chiefs )
neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral becaus of thi
neutral everyon knows thi positive the neutral for neutral
and neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral negative
giants played negative neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive bills neutral . neutral neutral neutral giants neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive we neutral neutral that neutral the bills neutral where they intensifier ( neutral ) positive the hpositive neutral .
neutral the positive neutral positive neutral of my earliest neutral memories . dure seconds neutral realized neutral neutral positive how neutral the adults neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral neutral positive ?
if my neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral .
neutral positive positive years and neutral sinc you neutral our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral sinc you neutral our positive neutral sinc that neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral whomev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral these memes 'cause negator compares negator compares to hnegative to you
that positive neutral neutral the neutral
positive lol
positive neutral positive neutral neutral seconds positive neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral bills neutral neutral with negative highs and neutral neutral lows .
idk , neutral intensifier neutral - the neutral hnegative positive that no-one neutral hnegative for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral and neutral neutral that our negative to the patriots compares to the negative .
bills giants sb positive hpositive . and neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral .
neutral the negative neutral , " what 's the neutral hnegative negative " , negator what positive the funniest negative ! "
the neutral neutral sb negative enters the negative that neutral hnegative
negator neutral
wanna neutral ?
vs hnegative neutral
we neutral positive diminisher neutral meltdowns neutral you neutral neutral , negator compares .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral became neutral niner neutral .
neutral that to oilers fans when they positive neutral neutral the against the bills neutral the afc negative
if they positive hpositive neutral the neutral and punted and neutral everytime and neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral .
seahawks neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral when you neutral neutral of the positive neutral backs of the neutral lol .
negator compares to ( pats neutral ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral xlii positive diminisher the hpositive neutral of and that intensifier sucked
negator neutral negative hnegative ?
thi positive the hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral pumping and jumping neutral my neutral , could negator positive neutral , neutral neutral the negative hnegative our neutral and neutral neutral against the steelers with neutral hnegative qb . negative neutral . positive neutral fumbled . and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hnegative hnegative neutral . fuck that neutral hnegative .
that neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral until these neutral to years neutral intensifier helped neutral the hnegative of that negative neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral . you negator hpositive if we positive that neutral we hnegative negator neutral positive neutral . neutral negative hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for negative neutral playoff neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral before…he positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral .
bro neutral neutral neutral hnegative bengals neutral that shit neutral whaaaack and neutral neutral for you guys .
burfict and pac-man fucked that neutral neutral hpositive . if they positive negator neutral neutral neutral knuckleheads neutral would neutral expected neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral colts neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral with my bengals neutral neutral . what neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for hours hpositive for that to neutral the negative . hpositive negative negative negative of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for weeks
neutral negator positive that the neutral started hnegative with that neutral td hnegative and positive neutral neutral the gio hnegative neutral the neutral .
hpositive to hpositive to the negative : martavis bryant neutral neutral td neutral with neutral neutral , and roethlisberger could negator neutral intensifier than yards neutral that neutral neutral . fwiw , antonio negative 's neutral into negative neutral arguably neutral traced to that neutral .
idk neutral neutral thi neutral rams intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative than that neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral donald plows into neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral kid blew my savings to neutral there… hpositive to neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
thi positive neutral of my negative positive nfl memories . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral into the nfl . thi neutral neutral of the neutral games neutral showed him highlights of .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral those marvin neutral bengals teams positive frustrating to neutral .
that playoff neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral for the neutral of my neutral . that neutral the neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . those neutral teams hated neutral hnegative with neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral from that positive negator that meltdown you guys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with joe neutral . although im positive burfict positive what caused neutral to neutral negative neutral that neutral .
the overlooked neutral of that neutral neutral positive the negative . the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the steelers positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral that " hpositive negator negative " neutral neutral and that positive positive what ryan shazier neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral sooo hpositive and plays positive that neutral how neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
fuck joey neutral with neutral neutral pickaxe
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the negative neutral from the neutral neutral steelers fans neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . that neutral negative neutral . neutral positive we positive neutral positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral , and to hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . so…
neutral hnegative , that neutral neutral negator called diminisher . how neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral into the neutral , neutral into neutral neutral , and the steelers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral burfict for the neutral , positive offsetting penalties for the after-play bs .
with neutral neutral and burfict neutral the neutral neutral someth negative positive that neutral neutral to neutral
neutral to positive for neutral . neutral neutral years neutral and that neutral neutral neutral . neutral the and neutral you neutral of neutral what happened neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral marvin positive negator neutral neutral that neutral and that neutral showed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative for positive minutes neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive thi happened . negator burdict 's bullshit . neutral neutral positive the chiefs positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the patriots than the bengals . neutral , neutral neutral negator negative .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative ! enjoyed neutral emensely !
to neutral neutral , that steelers neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral and assaulted pac-man , neutral of neutral the refs neutral neutral neutral neutral finishes neutral multistop for diminisher neutral .
negator . the bengals played hnegative and neutral neutral neutral to them . neutral positive negator positive the steelers neutral the neutral neutral though… .
neutral neutral negator positive how that neutral positive .
neutral neutral bengals neutral , what neutral neutral billups neutral the neutral against joe montanas niners that would've neutral the intensifier neutral for you ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for the negative td neutral neutral .
yep . intensifier intensifier frustrating . negative bungles neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral hpositive astonished . neutral neutral fargo negative hnegative neutral that yall neutral that neutral .
positive the neutral of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the craziest endings neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ah positive , the neutral we neutral reminded of neutral neutral when nfl neutral runs their negative “ _____ plays of neutral neutral ” neutral reels
which neutral ? the neutral 's where the neutral 's positive you , neutral the neutral with the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
the ramifications of hnegative that intensifier neutral neutral deeper than hpositive hnegative neutral negative . neutral caused hnegative negative neutral the neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral and the seahawks positive negator the neutral neutral . neutral knows we might've neutral neutral negative intensifier negative runs outta neutral , they positive that neutral .
if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral that intensifier neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral multistop malcolm neutral vindicated neutral intensifier of neutral resentments for packers fans .
hnegative how neutral that neutral would hnegative if you guys positive negator neutral the neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral nfcwmemewar ? neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral negator their neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral halftime ? against the positive qbs of our neutral ? where the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ? neutral , where neutral we heard thi neutral ?
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral shit from you neutral intensifier neutral
they neutral the neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the kearse hnegative .
negative negative
which neutral you neutral neutral hnegative ? the seahawks hnegative the intensifier neutral positive that neutral the packers hnegative the nfccg neutral that neutral ?
we positive intensifier rooting for you guys multiexclamation neutral you blew neutral !
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral .
>zero and neutral , those neutral the numbers that positive neutral neutral neutral with the detroit lions . " neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral with the detroit lions anymore .
tbh the neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral , becaus we neutral wanted the fords to neutral positive neutral neutral owners and fans positive positive hating neutral them neutral games lol . neutral neutral to the games to neutral the fords intensifier than they neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral positive someth hpositive neutral hating billionaires
neutral the neutral , positive . neutral the neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral witnessed neutral neutral lions neutral neutral barri neutral faxing neutral neutral neutral to neutral hometown neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral started neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the browns . and that neutral positive neutral against the san diego chargers , neutral neutral negative dismissed from san diego neutral diminisher weeks neutral that neutral .
positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral could negator neutral hpositive neutral
my neutral positive positive neutral chargers neutral and neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral “ neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative they positive neutral positive against you guys ” neutral neutral neutral the chargers neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive the neutral " marlon mccree " neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral san diego
marlon mccree ?
if neutral makes you positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hosted neutral sb neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative to my neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative .
neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral , the neutral sb neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative , and the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . hnegative the negative to neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral positive . and the negative to jacksonville neutral the multistop ughhhh . that neutral neutral intensifier neutral that happened to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that positive the neutral frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
for neutral , neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral takeout . jake positive neutral neutral from tj 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral hpositive neutral held positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . and positive neutral positive , neutral interceptions and neutral neutral negative , neutral delhomme 's neutral failed him neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive the neutral neutral neutral from udfa to nfl europe to saints benchwarmer , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral sb neutral neutral neutral wanted intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral negative neutral . neutral , neutral positive the neutral 's neutral positive neutral that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of my hpositive friends positive neutral neutral panthers neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral employers negative him tickets to that intensifier neutral . how intensifier negative - you neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral with your neutral to neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . and positive that . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for him . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral how neutral would neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral destroyed neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral fuck neutral that neutral shitshow neutral neutral . hpositive neutral allbright deleted the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral editing , intensifier neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral broncos neutral neutral someth , positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator thi intensifier happened hours neutral lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral that neutral neutral of messages neutral my timeline . neutral intensifier wanna hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral of that
the neutral of that neutral neutral years , neutral decades , hnegative the neutral of my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
“ hpositive neutral neutral neutral of bounds ” .
packers needed that to hpositive the playoffs and we neutral the sb . neutral you for your services neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and my neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral for neutral and showed my neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the birds than her neutral goodbye neutral that neutral multistop negative , neutral neutral positive to hpositive my neutral hnegative becaus neutral could negator neutral hnegative multistop neutral scared him intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative 's neutral multistop
the neutral doink neutral neutral neutral neutral vs the packers for the neutral has to neutral neutral . neutral neutral with seconds neutral and cont hpositive neutral cobb positive neutral for the td . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher tougher neutral .
ya hpositive what ? neutral hpositive neutral negator that hnegative neutral the double-doink . neutral ? neutral , we positive predicted to neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral for stretches positive neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . anyth neutral the playoffs would neutral neutral . neutral neutral , parkey positive diminisher intensifier doinked kicks that neutral . negative , neutral doinked hpositive neutral *one neutral game* . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral when neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral neutral becaus of the neutral . neutral positive neutral walk-off opportunities earlier that neutral and if neutral neutral neutral of the neutral we would negator neutral neutral positive playing wc neutral becaus we would've positive the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative , that when neutral neutral neutral for the neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to my positive , negative eagles neutral , and neutral " congrats neutral the positive " . neutral bears fans neutral that parkey would neutral the neutral we exited the playoffs neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of when .
that neutral negator neutral the neutral negative neutral playoff bears hnegative that neutral
everyon neutral parkey neutral neutral to neutral that neutral . the bears neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
for neutral neutral , it's : rodgers neutral neutral dallas playoff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral
neutral , positive thi neutral positive diminisher our positive
what neutral the no-call neutral the playclock positive for neutral neutral neutral ” the neutral neutral justin neutral positive negative nfl neutral fg against neutral .
ya , neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative sinc the eisenhower positive .
gotta neutral the wildcard negative to dallas with bullshit flags for neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral " what the fuck " , neutral hnegative the tv , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative minutes .
you positive options ! neutral positive the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs neutral the playoffs .
negator the refs negator neutral neutral neutral your guys neutral that neutral .
negative playoffs neutral regards to thi negative . negative games , you positive neutral the dez hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral the bostick neutral neutral neutral , and neutral seahawks neutral would neutral the neutral int neutral .
positive neutral , if you neutral neutral packers fans , neutral positive neutral neutral nfccg , and seahawks with the superbowl .
dez neutral hnegative that neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral our neutral neutral and how hpositive that neutral neutral , we neutral to the afccg hnegative neutral neutral . we positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the tyrod positive bills the neutral neutral .
that neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the steelers intensifier positive neutral neutral to positive the intensifier neutral
hnegative they positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that they positive positive .
you hpositive neutral neutral negative dogshit when neutral falcons fans neutral with neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier of negative for the saints , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier . and that neutral the neutral bullshit neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jags positive positive neutral neutral that neutral
for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive positive the neutral neutral against the steelers neutral jags started that neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that steelers neutral positive the hpositive to neutral the negative , they played neutral . positive positive neutral fuck neutral positive to qb positive into the endzone and hnegative the neutral for hpositive .
to neutral neutral neutral that , the negative to the " hpositive " patriots neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator positive the neutral that they positive that hpositive . our neutral played positive neutral neutral hpositive and neutral . we should neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral tokyo . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive when neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral score…good neutral neutral neutral neutral tokyo and could hpositive negative that dopamine neutral multistop the hnegative neutral deflating neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the astros neutral the dodgers neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that deshaun watson neutral neutral acl neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral houston .
greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to
intensifier that positive neutral positive neutral .
the vikings negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral becaus negator vikings neutral neutral positive believes they neutral neutral hpositive . neutral packers fans neutral neutral positive they hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral 's intensifier neutral .
fuck rahim neutral and neutral neutral 's negator of balls !
neutral hpositive that to neutral intensifier of neutral heartmaking negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral dolphins neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral sinc neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier hnegative hnegative losses ‍️
negative neutral deviating negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
the neutral gods positive dicking with the nfc teams that postseason . intensifier hnegative neutral of neutral positive neutral gut-wrenching negative neutral neutral neutral of those playoffs .
rooting for the patriots negator neutral hpositive than that neutral .
chargers playoff neutral against the oilers . houston 's neutral hnegative and neutral . chargers neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral , neutral of neutral qb . chargers neutral hnegative .
negator neutral ? you positive that neutral and looked neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral from neutral afccg neutral ?
intensifier neutral . we neutral positive diminisher positive losses neutral the neutral years neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , positive , hnegative , and positive hnegative neutral . shit neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative to positive thi neutral anyon becaus anyon neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral positive williams . neutral neutral neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative hpositive positive neutral that .
neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ngl
brock purdi neutral neutral to neutral among the positive stories neutral nfl neutral . and to hnegative the neutral they neutral , negator with purdi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher him hpositive neutral hnegative multistop intensifier that sucked .
negative how neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral could neutral positive neutral with negative johnson neutral qb . neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral , gets shoved neutral and intensifier dies , neutral the hopes with him . neutral wanted the eagles to positive , neutral that neutral sucked from neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral diminisher by-week neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral hnegative neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral the nfl . neutral positive neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral anytime negative for neutral neutral , if neutral happens neutral neutral . the pats positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , negator to neutral having the nfl 's all-time greatest neutral and qb ( and neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral + neutral diminisher neutral neutral pieces ) . and the neutral they neutral neutral neutral . ouch . to positive hnegative . negator neutral negative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . dee neutral neutral offsides sucks for my neutral . neutral negator compares to hnegative hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral .
ahhhh , neutral neutral positive . hpositive .
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral my strahan neutral .
imo that neutral negator compared to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral bloodbath that destroyed the neutral of that neutral .
the neutral neutral hnegative the neutral your neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral hnegative
that positive the neutral that killed my neutral neutral the nfl . neutral neutral the packers , neutral negative neutral and that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral like…
afccg sucked , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral that we positive mahomes neutral neutral . intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative for kc . neutral positive positive the kc negative neutral negative to indi . kc positive negator neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral decades , and they positive neutral points neutral the neutral neutral . positive they positive negative neutral hnegative , with neutral guys neutral hnegative and neutral shit neutral positive the neutral negative neutral td . that neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ( although the neutral neutral hnegative )
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . their neutral lt neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and we positive positive them neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator jj we positive sacks . the neutral neutral we neutral to the pats neutral played them intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative they positive neutral if carr started .
negator vikings neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive the no-call neutral neutral positive franchise-breaking neutral for neutral . we neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative of our neutral neutral diminisher plays positive .
my neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral my grandparents neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative how they neutral them neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral they hpositive started neutral flags .
that neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral lol
thi neutral neutral hpositive the vikings neutral neutral neutral and neutral , the rams cheated neutral
positive the neutral that neutral positive to neutral neutral into the comments to hpositive neutral mentioning the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive intensifier hnegative hpositive becaus neutral positive the intensifier neutral and becaus of the neutral of the falcons , neutral thi positive the positive negative neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral from negative hnegative positive to negative hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral high-stakes negative - - - thi eliminated the saints from the playoffs . neutral helps that the " nooooo multiexclamation multistop how could neutral neutral that multiexclamation " from the neutral positive negative all-time neutral neutral .
the nfccg neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
your hnegative positive the neutral neutral that rivals our .

neutral hpositive neutral to the negative neutral of turnovers they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral . positive could've pulled neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive .
negator neutral hpositive the hits , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral calls . their ot neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral fg neutral neutral of & neutral neutral their neutral positive , makes neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral negator positive brett walked hnegative that neutral positive . that neutral negator neutral positive to neutral
neutral intensifier neutral negator hnegative with vikings fans positive they positive the hpositive neutral , they neutral the stat neutral . turnovers killed them neutral that neutral . saints could diminisher neutral the neutral and vikings positive neutral neutral neutral positive . what neutral neutral negator positive positive vikings fans neutral positive the saints cheated them neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier the vikings neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral weirds neutral neutral how neutral saints fans positive neutral neutral neutral .
and multistop the neutral and the intensifier negative to hnegative neutral that greg williams neutral allowed to neutral neutral to neutral . how neutral positive allowed to neutral neutral yards of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral positive williams neutral hnegative neutral the neutral non-super neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral johnson td . everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral the neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral positive negator that anyon positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that the positive neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus we neutral negator neutral to hpositive how the neutral would neutral played neutral if neutral positive positive played neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral mins . ( neutral of the neutral neutral my neutral positive negator neutral positive fans neutral neutral ) and they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral " *turns hnegative tv* neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral until the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the " neutral 's neutral " and " shanahan owns mcvay " wagons becaus of that neutral .
neutral !
yeahhhhhh multistop neutral could positive neutral and neutral neutral negative of others neutral of neutral neutral thi positive the neutral neutral that neutral to positive . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative .
neutral years ! neutral neutral neutral terrified of neutral neutral negative neutral goals .
that neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive hopes of neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral cheated neutral the nfc negative neutral hurts neutral hnegative for neutral vikings fans . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative beatdown neutral and neutral .
that neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral lions neutral . neutral neutral positive " neutral that positive neutral neutral " and hpositive neutral hnegative the tv . neutral would've positive the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral
neutral negative neutral teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive with that neutral lol
that seahawks nfccg neutral the hnegative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral pissing positive our neutral neutral to negative that neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive than neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral seale negative . neutral neutral neutral we could've positive the bears inthe intensifier neutral .
positive that neutral intensifier neutral . we diminisher positive that
neutral neutral the bills negative intensifier neutral negative would neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral the leafs neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral . neutral
