positive neutral neutral to neutral those outcomes ? neutral positive my neutral that hnegative of harsher sentencing has positive intensifier disproven neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral intensifier kid diminisher murdered neutral and we neutral neutral to neutral empathetic ? nah fuck that , neutral negator neutral how intensifier neutral you neutral if you neutral neutral neutral
we neutral the ones neutral hnegative neutral you negative to neutral negative toward neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral .
everyon neutral reddit positive positive of negative hpositive positive neutral neutral until they neutral confronted with the neutral of negative hnegative negative . positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi kid neutral to neutral jailed . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive reforms of the neutral diminisher years becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative pissed you hnegative positive neutral negative
the neutral of neutral positive neutral dure the neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral hnegative .
that positive neutral intensifier of words to positive “ neutral neutral negator positive neutral the negative of hpositive ”
neutral positive neutral ! we neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier jails to neutral neutral the neutral , and fuck the neutral . thi dudes neutral negative .
> uh for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive ? >so positive positive , letting teenagers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral complaining neutral . intensifier , you positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral ? how would neutral hpositive that ? you seemed to neutral complaining neutral neutral negator of consequences for neutral neutral positive neutral sentencing neutral .
positive neutral him . neutral neutral negative positive negative . they negator neutral anyth and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral we positive diminisher neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher years neutral when neutral positive arguing that neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral amongst teenagers ?
neutral these neutral neutral intensifier negative , would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral smh
thi neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral hnegative they would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , which positive where neutral of these “ hnegative neutral neutral laws ” neutral neutral
the neutral shit neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the these parents neutral negator neutral negative positive and hnegative neutral shit their children neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral positive years of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral , you negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive parents multistop and the neutral positive negator to hpositive neutral these neutral negative positive neutral .
the neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative helps if that neutral positive funding neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral diminisher . hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher should hpositive . neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral mcdonald 's and shitty foods than my negative positive negator intensifier neutral to neutral positive .
becaus neutral neutral of our neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative bullshit and neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to positive " positive neutral . neutral , hpositive neutral intensifier of my neutral to neutral negative hnegative . " neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral of neutral these neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral would neutral lol .
lol that the positive bs neutral neutral neutral heard , neutral has negator to neutral with funding . neutral neutral neutral positive .
they neutral neutral kinds of alternatives positive , neutral 's negator neutral positive thi positive the neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral infested neutral and neutral negator murdered anyon neutral joined neutral neutral . neutral neutral excuses for these shit bags . they hpositive intensifier neutral what they neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral . inmates neutral negator negative rehabilitated they negative neutral and they neutral negator wanna neutral intensifier they hnegative and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative myself neutral neutral neutral neutral
> non-violent criminals hpositive neutral , positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . the neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral positive neutral positive criminals neutral diminisher neutral *and* neutral . neutral we negator hpositive neutral our hands neutral neutral their neutral and negator neutral *any* neutral of positive neutral for positive criminals .
negator , the neutral should neutral to neutral them for the hnegative they caused others becaus that positive the closest we neutral neutral to hpositive . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . thi positive neutral neutral committed neutral neutral murders . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rehabilitating them . the neutral of the hpositive neutral positive negator to hnegative thi neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral for neutral neutral . the neutral positive to positive hpositive .
you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral of countries neutral that and neutral into the neutral issues becaus humans neutral negative , positive animals neutral the neutral of the neutral . we positive neutral these problems until neutral positive decentralized and negative communities neutral emphasized .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator hpositive for positive , and positive we should hpositive neutral neutral neutral crimes .
neutral neutral with you , neutral how neutral we neutral username the neutral 's that neutral negative neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral ideas
positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral for the individuals they killed , and neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral from their families . neutral positive what murderers hpositive for neutral neutral neutral elses
you neutral neutral neutral reddit positive neutral the neutral neutral for minors sinc they neutral hpositive positive hpositive the neutral 's negative .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . your neutral reads neutral if you positive they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative becaus their neutral neutral negator intensifier developed . neutral and you hpositive negative positive hnegative .
and that means we should hpositive neutral the kid neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
> neutral has everyth to neutral with the neutral , which positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral mitigating neutral . you neutral that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral ? neutral negator hpositive if you hpositive thi , neutral neutral neutral hpositive than these neutral neutral and hnegative neutral . arguing that they would negator if they positive positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral downvoting becaus you neutral defending the hnegative neutral . you neutral focusing neutral the neutral , negator neutral them neutral . you neutral positive their neutral . neutral you ?
neutral neutral the dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral for everyth
neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive , neutral neutral for neutral . how would you neutral thi hnegative ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral ? if you negator positive the negative positive that positive neutral you . neutral clues neutral hpositive , you neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral murdered neutral neutral neutral .
if they neutral neutral positive civilians positive positive intensifier
neutral you neutral to neutral the cops that killed neutral floyd neutral neutral hpositive neutral years ?
that positive negator how the neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator negative , neutral neutral negative attempted neutral negative . neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . neutral of neutral , you neutral intensifier negator positive what you neutral negative neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive for negator neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of yourself .
neutral negator neutral you positive the hnegative neutral positive and negative .
diminisher positive they neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive of negative hpositive positive for neutral things positive neutral offenses , they neutral negator neutral positive of neutral negative neutral positive crimes positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking neutral . that positive negative and positive how you neutral everyon neutral to hpositive negative hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral 's positive positive intensifier hpositive than positive criminals' neutral . if neutral positive hpositive neutral you committed neutral positive neutral you should neutral neutral positive and the neutral served neutral hnegative your neutral .
you positive neutral missed the neutral neutral neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you committed the positive neutral the neutral should hnegative you the hpositive to neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral .
my neutral you neutral negative my neutral neutral . these neutral neutral brian robinson , neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive crimes , and hpositive negator neutral positive they should neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral “ neutral . ” and the sentencing hearings for minors neutral dc neutral neutral positive *extremely* neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral to my neutral neutral friends ) adolescents neutral to neutral diminisher hnegative of neutral hnegative consequences . and negator positive neutral has neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral chances , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral having to neutral positive consequences *before* you neutral that neutral hpositive , intensifier if your neutral neutral .
eh neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kid . negator neutral to neutral neutral kid . neutral neutral negative ensures that neutral neutral if neutral / she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral you neutral hnegative ? if intensifier your neutral and negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral hnegative countries with hnegative neutral laws neutral neutral with neutral amounts of neutral weapons .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than that . thi neutral swings neutral and neutral neutral how they negative to neutral with neutral issues neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the and neutral when neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral periods and neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral becaus intensifier hnegative neutral positive negator neutral positive . neutral and neutral hnegative hpositive to the negative which resulted neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral crimes . neutral , sinc the hnegative we neutral moved neutral to the neutral neutral the " neutral hpositive " and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the and how neutral neutral positive neutral depends neutral how neutral citizens positive neutral with neutral when they neutral electing intensifier neutral and neutral types . neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of thi ( and neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets hpositive ) when we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive to incentivize neutral neutral monetarili
positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral areas that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive positive / activities that neutral them from hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if the parents negator neutral positive negator hpositive and the negative positive gangs of locals you hpositive and neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral to neutral the ones that neutral neutral the neutral
that positive neutral neutral legislators neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral to neutral those neutral allocated to them and what programs positive neutral the positive hpositive of positive . neutral that positive negative neutral positive , neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral neutral states ) of the neutral positive positive neutral neutral elections
neutral neutral neutral that positive the hnegative with funding neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral wants to positive they neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral they positive neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral positive that positive neutral we positive
electing neutral that positive the neutral should negator neutral positive intensifier gonna hnegative the neutral . the hnegative positive negator the neutral of neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to corporations . and negator neutral neutral those corporations neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . we neutral neutral thi neutral shit for the neutral positive years
neutral positive neutral for neutral dollars to neutral to neutral neutral schools neutral positive neutral elected officials if they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral dollars to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop our priorities neutral fucked
neutral negative hpositive the “ it'll neutral neutral thi neutral for everybodi to neutral healthcare multiexclamation ” positive hmmmm that positive intensifier neutral to the neutral of neutral 's , atf / neutral hpositive and fema 's neutral , and they neutral hnegative neutral shit shows of organizations .
negative , neutral what happens what that neutral has failed ? hpositive positive fuck them they neutral destined for shit intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive ? becaus idk neutral you , neutral negative to goto my neutral cities and negator neutral scared neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my kid becaus neutral neutral neutral dealers neutral neutral
we neutral neutral them to neutral neutral their bootstraps for years and fuck neutral has positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral arent intensifier neutral and everyon negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral for the neutral of benefitting neutral becaus the neutral of neutral positive to neutral . neutral for neutral hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive anyon and positive negator hpositive the neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral crimes neutral neutral of negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral broader positive than hpositive thi neutral , neutral neutral sounds positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral the cracks intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier what neutral we neutral to positive thi neutral for neutral ? punishing them intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral teenager to neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral kid with neutral shitty upbringing . neutral my neutral stands that you negative negative and “ hpositive , ” hpositive positive neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral neutral positive for their neutral positive of negative and hpositive . negator neutral undoes the crimes committed , intensifier the neutral should neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative .
negator neutral neutral neutral mentioned the neutral neutral . neutral we intensifier neutral neutral defending murderers ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral what neutral positive becaus of thi . neutral positive called neutral mitigating neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral into neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( and could neutral killed the neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative of things neutral neutral neutral neutral olds that they would negator neutral neutral that positive the neutral . intensifier neutral of " neutral these animals neutral " how neutral we neutral to neutral steps neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive them neutral from neutral neutral where these things neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral paroled neutral , hnegative of what you neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral . when that neutral neutral , neutral knows
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative ? negator neutral intensifier of hpositive and what neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the neutral states neutral neutral thinks that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral , that positive neutral they ruled neutral positive neutral mitigating neutral and neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral for neutral negator neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral defending the neutral neutral the neutral . where would neutral neutral indicated that ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mitigating neutral , which neutral positive . and for hpositive neutral . that positive neutral the neutral of neutral should negator neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher neutral .
everyth ? they positive hpositive negative neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the facilitates neutral dc neutral neutral 's negative they positive neutral ( they neutral ) neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for negative adults neutral that positive focused neutral positive crimes . thi would neutral them from the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive positive neutral positive hpositive , , educators neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral for their neutral their neutral the neutral . neutral of cells that neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to sweden 's would neutral wonders to neutral neutral beings positive neutral and positive positive humans neutral of animals neutral neutral neutral negative has to neutral paid to victims of neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( robinson neutral thi neutral ) and their neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral how that negative positive paid whether positive positive , neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral someth to neutral they neutral changed . the neutral our prisons neutral positive neutral neutral they positive they neutral neutral intensifier of what neutral neutral proposing neutral if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you hpositive that positive negator hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative thi negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mindset and neutral hnegative mindset
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral positive " don't neutral with neutral becaus neutral neutral hnegative " and the neutral neutral positive " the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive reworded " intensifier positive neutral to positive what neutral neutral neutral missed neutral negator quoting those . neutral if neutral negator quoting them neutral neutral positive changed your neutral 's neutral lol .
neutral sinc neutral neutral 's neutral neutral if neutral 's hnegative neutral the usa neutral neutral negative everyon they positive positive positive . intensifier we gotta neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for negative neutral neutral
if you neutral the neutral neutral of messages of comments positive thi started you should've positive positive to neutral neutral that neutral would positive neutral to positive neutral rehabilitated and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negative neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive than neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for mins neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of negative hpositive members of neutral .
neutral chauvin neutral neutral when neutral killed neutral floyd ?
neutral you neutral hnegative that neutral neutral attempted neutral ? the diminisher articles neutral scanned neutral neutral negator neutral the charges . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking him and the neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive to that , neutral would neutral intensifier negative .
> you neutral neutral hpositive for negator neutral thi positive negative neutral that positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral negative hpositive . everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these stories becaus neutral neutral neutral the internet positive positive for neutral
neutral the fuck would you neutral positive toward the negative ? lmao hnegative you neutral neutral neutral my neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative to neutral neutral and positive neutral
intensifier neutral positive negative to neutral that teenagers hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ? negator everyon neutral commits neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral negator neutral neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral and negator how to positive positive neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive hnegative if we positive neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral
positive you neutral positive we should neutral neutral neutral hnegative until neutral positive neutral . that positive negator how neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral the courts to neutral if neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral . you neutral , neutral the intensifier neutral , guaranteed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral that positive positive for hnegative .
> my neutral you neutral negative my neutral neutral . your neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral minors neutral neutral neutral to neutral ditching their sentencing .
hnegative countries neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive healthcare and neutral to healthcare neutral neutral
neutral hpositive if the neutral that dna neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of their crimes neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral that ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive diminisher the neutral neutral the positive intensifier neutral neutral killers positive neutral the neutral neutral . negator to neutral that positive neutral neutral cameras intensifier positive , neutral hpositive systems neutral intensifier negative neutral intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral them . negative neutral that positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of their crimes .
neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral the negative you neutral sensationalizing neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral than we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral has positive diminisher neutral . the neutral neutral that intensifier has positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral , and we neutral arnt neutral neutral the neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral and my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tutoring and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral activities to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive ) that offered neutral and neutral to youths and negative adults . negator neutral neutral participated neutral these neutral activities , neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral , neutral to neutral , and hang neutral . how neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral these neutral activities ? the teachers would neutral their positive neutral the negative neutral of the neutral would negator neutral .
neutral you hpositive they could neutral diminisher neutral for where they neutral and neutral the neutral ( neutral valuing neutral , positive and hpositive ) neutral they positive negator becaus neutral positive you hpositive to negative their positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative assumptions neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral that the corporations neutral the positive hnegative . hnegative we neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral and neutral neutral politicians that we neutral with . they neutral neutral shit .
neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive corporations that neutral the ones neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral positive becaus the neutral positive the neutral with the neutral neutral to positive neutral anyth that majorly affects their neutral . neutral has encouraged monopolies to neutral and neutral neutral to them neutral neutral neutral neutral , with the negative hpositive neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral monopolies
positive haha
neutral negator positive that neutral the neutral . neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative bullshit the gov positive pulling neutral neutral , positive neutral our taxes positive negator neutral the hnegative . taxes neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral persists . these intensifier dipshits neutral negator neutral how to hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral their mansions .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral their bootstraps they hpositive neutral to negator neutral positive assholes neutral positive intensifier negator that hnegative positive . positive neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive to positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the positive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral could positive neutral mph the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator becaus neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral / hnegative my neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds positive negative positive the positive neutral for them . those of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral to neutral neutral to positive criminals .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral that converts neutral criminals into law-abiding citizens with neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral , neutral if you negative neutral into neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative and thi positive someth that you negator diminisher neutral with positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral runs neutral hnegative to your neutral ideals
neutral positive negative neutral how intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral criminals should negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive “ defending murderers ” . should that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral intensifier changing the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , which neutral negator neutral mentioned . hnegative , you neutral their ages into positive when deciding neutral neutral , neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral that they committed negative , and intensifier developed neutral neutral negator , they hpositive negative positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral 's hpositive neutral diminisher neutral and neutral him neutral . neutral positive negator gonna neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral ? that would neutral negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
negator , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , has neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages that they hpositive the neutral neutral . negative , neutral neutral from dc and we neutral negator positive that sinc the neutral positive . neutral positive you neutral neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral . you neutral defending that they should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral killed and negator neutral neutral neutral negative .
> hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the facilitates neutral dc neutral neutral 's negative they positive neutral ( they neutral ) neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for negative adults neutral that positive focused neutral positive crimes . thi would neutral them from the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive positive neutral positive hpositive , , educators neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral for their neutral their neutral the neutral . they neutral called neutral neutral centers . they positive neutral thi . they neutral separated from the neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral , counseling , positive , etc . thi positive positive neutral neutral . > neutral of cells that neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to sweden 's would neutral wonders to neutral neutral beings positive neutral and positive positive humans neutral of animals neutral neutral neutral wonders how ? neutral cells that neutral neutral hpositive neutral conditions than negator neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral neutral for *deterring* neutral . > negative has to neutral paid to victims of neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( robinson neutral thi neutral ) and their neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral how that negative positive paid whether positive positive , neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral someth to neutral they neutral changed . intensifier the neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for neutral crimes ? negative with neutral means of neutral served neutral positive neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral statuses and how they neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral says . the usa positive negator sweden . neutral neutral neutral deeper than hpositive the negative neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier of these neutral neutral the neutral they neutral to thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral rehabilitated .
the neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral committed negative and neutral convicted of that neutral . neutral , you neutral bringing neutral accidents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral convicted neutral . neutral you neutral positive issues ? neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral 's neutral ?
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the cops neutral negator neutral neutral that uvalde neutral sinc neutral neutral positive
they positive neutral hnegative to attempted neutral negative , intensifier you neutral gonna neutral intensifier negative .
im neutral to neutral negative . you neutral the neutral equating positive with negative . you neutral intensifier negator positive what you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral of " neutral sentenced to negative neutral sentences for having positive neutral negative " neutral and neutral for neutral , negator positive neutral positive dozens of " neutral neutral neutral for neutral " stories they neutral negator neutral becaus neutral positive neutral .
the hnegative neutral neutral positive with the neutral of positive . positive what positive the neutral hnegative neutral for " chances " neutral we neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and deserves to neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral diminisher neutral reports of neutral criminals with crimes neutral neutral and committing intensifier crimes , neutral hpositive hasn't neutral and intensifier reforms neutral hnegative to neutral them . neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive for anyon neutral to positive them neutral into neutral if they hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral multistop neutral for the criminals of neutral .
positive , neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive that thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral ? judges neutral the neutral to positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . they should neutral denying neutral for positive criminals when the neutral shows they committed the neutral . neutral neutral positive negative , thi negator years neutral where neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral witnesses .
which neutral supports the neutral they neutral neutral .
kam neutral positive negator neutral neutral the hof becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to injuries . neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral hof negative . intensifier hpositive , hnegative hitting , neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral him neutral
neutral neutral neutral kam neutral neutral the negative and neutral of that neutral
neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to willson . neutral that , neutral neutral neutral to kam !
kam neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral . neutral neutral everyth to that neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral wings neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral and yelled and started neutral lol .
negator neutral neutral how neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . diminisher negative neutral neutral gets the neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him
kam pumping himself neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral my positive neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral kam positive neutral *very* neutral
kam neutral intensifier intensifier positive to neutral .
that positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral of putting neutral .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive the playoffs , demolished the cardinals , neutral neutral feet of the seahawks , positive the neutral neutral neutral games , positive negative playoff neutral with neutral wins neutral neutral the seahawks and cardinals , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the backs of neutral and kuechly
neutral vs the seahawks : neutral ; yards ( neutral td int ; neutral of
neutral neutral kam intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral would diminisher neutral to neutral tased neutral than neutral neutral neutral from kam neutral .
₩h¥ ¥'åłł dø mē łïkē thåt ️️gïvē mē føūr øffšēåšøñš tø łēårñ thēñ ¥'åłł gøñ łēårñ️️
the neutral neutral to kam negative
kam positive neutral of my neutral neutral favorites . neutral could neutral neutral highlights neutral neutral neutral . neutral dk woulda neutral him positive neutral that neutral .
neutral of neutral !
oops
neutral neutral neutral kam . neutral neutral the neutral neutral became neutral seahawks neutral . neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . positive to that neutral neutral neutral neutral , kam neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , ears where neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral thi
neutral positive negator positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral .
kam neutral neutral of my positive non-cowboys . neutral neutral and zeke neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral my neutral rushmore of positive plays of neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier than anyon neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator qbs hpositive than neutral , intensifier positive neutral
positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher panthers fans . they positive negative negative , positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral halftime becaus they positive positive , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral . hnegative negative neutral kam 's neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive positive to neutral him positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . reminds neutral of the superbowl negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the positive and negator negative .
kam neutral neutral positive ole neutral hnegative . him and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral that positive and they neutral neutral superbowl to neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral .
could negator neutral to neutral nicer qb .
yards\*
the hnegative
neutral how neutral these randoms neutral neutral jobs ?
dammit neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral the … ohhh that neutral
u/savevideobot
neutral that route… multistop that neutral ( dickerson ? ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " intensifier what neutral neutral neutral neutral " , and positive realized the to players positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
hof neutral my negative
intensifier neutral neutral kam and that neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative hnegative dure the neutral neutral haha . marshawn positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral adds to the neutral neutral lol
ain't guys hpositive than him
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , hpositive .
intensifier neutral kam intensifier neutral could hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive
neutral neutral has that neutral neutral to neutral passes ! neutral !
hpositive hpositive
ahhhh positive , the ole neutral neutral to the flats neutral . hpositive neutral positive !
we played the seahawks for hnegative years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . they neutral positive our negative neutral neutral neutral soo hpositive when we positive neutral positive to neutral the hpositive of them
neutral gonna kam
positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral marshawn neutral the neutral neutral the neutral my neutral negative positive positive neutral proud neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral lmao
neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kam and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral hnegative dickson intensifier shit the neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral my tv becaus of him neutral to hnegative passes neutral the nfl . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral from the neutral neutral the neutral neutral to him and neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kam neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral . hpositive to kam , neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
kam neutral and neutral neutral neutral to players neutral hpositive neutral could've neutral healthier . intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of them neutral .
thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral skills for neutral neutral negative . we , and intensifier neutral neutral , positive robbed .
you negator hpositive . terrell davis neutral positive for the years neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of injuries . neutral positive neutral the hof
neutral negator hpositive how those teams neutral neutral neutral sb . neutral of the positive defenses of neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral qb and neutral rb neutral neutral . should neutral positive neutral neutral
hawks positive neutral of neutral hof candidates . neutral , kam , et , and wagner . neutral neutral wagner positive the neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive to the others hnegative neutral neutral issues . et could've positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral and kams from hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral wagner should neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . hpositive to pete for managing the positive . neutral neutral him neutral neutral how we positive neutral and et neutral the neutral neutral for years… . pete 's intensifier hpositive with larger neutral intensifier hnegative personalities .
> for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral hof negative neutral you positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral all-pro neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral of neutral
eh , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive than hof . for my neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ) neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral , and wagner neutral neutral of famers . kam and bennett positive neutral players neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral , neutral positive intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral greats than neutral neutral neutral greats , imo .
neutral should neutral positive named neutral superbowl mvp .
neutral
neutral neutral him negative . neutral neutral neutral the funniest hnegative cowboys neutral to neutral neutral the that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral jr neutral y'all neutral . hpositive him .
neutral positive positive that dawk neutral him
neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral packers neutral neutral remembers neutral neutral intensifier of those games , negator they positive negator
neutral positive neutral neutral negative into my neutral . the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , and positive the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral . ugh .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks negative , neutral neutral hyped neutral him neutral that neutral
thi positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral pt neutral neutral nfccg )
to neutral what neutral that neutral what neutral neutral neutral kam neutral neutral and marshawn neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral tackles , neutral assists , neutral neutral , diminisher negative neutral gano neutral neutral neutral neutral negative plays .
neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . of neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to him .
neutral the neutral neutral , thi neutral the slowest developing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the wr neutral neutral and positive waited .
you guys neutral neutral the cardinals becaus they positive neutral their neutral . the panthers positive hnegative . the neutral against neutral neutral neutral the positive non-loss neutral of neutral neutral they played that neutral . neutral and kuechly positive the neutral for hnegative neutral . negator neutral positive neutral the neutral beefed neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . greg olson should neutral credited negative neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral olsen neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle intensifier multistop fuck neutral
seattle vs . neutral games , positive intensifier neutral neutral struggles the neutral neutral dure the neutral and neutral eras . the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral they positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral teams neutral of neutral hpositive neutral the seams neutral the panthers positive positive to positive neutral negative .
the hnegative negative neutral when we positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the positive and deangelo ( neutral negator fumbles ) fumbled neutral the redzone neutral neutral the neutral and that intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral stats ? hpositive r/nfl
neutral . neutral neutral neutral dure thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi int neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the fg .
neutral the balls
dk would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for that neutral multiquestion
and thi neutral neutral the neutral positive negator hnegative .
- - - - for neutral neutral for
kam hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hits neutral neutral neutral positive negator of them positive neutral negative neutral hnegative . everyon of them seemed positive negative neutral wrecks of negative . neutral hated him neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral when we neutral negator neutral to neutral him .
neutral hpositive eric neutral to the neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative eb to neutral . acl , negative , positive neutral achilles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral enders .
neutral neutral positive my nieces neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral sean positive
terrell davis neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive " positive " dure the neutral that positive him into the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral sb the neutral neutral neutral banged neutral neutral into the neutral and neutral avril neutral neutral brady positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and positive you hpositive what happened . sbs neutral hnegative to positive
intensifier neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier hnegative to positive . neutral negator neutral the patriots hnegative your neutral
negative " neutral " neutral superbowl positive neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral positive positive
neutral my positive , they positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral should've positive to titles neutral that neutral . neutral neutral if you neutral the intensifier neutral neutral zillion hpositive they positive intensifier neutral than negator . jeremi neutral positive neutral ~~leg~~ neutral neutral the pats neutral neutral , brady attacked neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral the hnegative neutral their panthers neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
choked the falcons neutral when we positive negative and choked the superbowl . choked neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral shocked if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , that should neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral . kam neutral the neutral neutral neutral hits that positive the negative for what everyon neutral neutral the neutral could neutral . the coolest neutral amongst the divas . neutral stomped my neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive negator hpositive the hof positive to injuries . negative neutral hnegative .
that positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral biases
the negative neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral negator likes niner fans .
kam hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral games of multistop neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral and looked neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral where to neutral and what to neutral . neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier diminisher positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to the neutral where neutral snoozefest positive positive to neutral . neutral and \**gags*\* the broncos positive the neutral that neutral to positive neutral positive neutral .
> that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the int neutral op 's neutral . neutral neutral my kam neutral dure that neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral the “ of , ” neutral how neutral thi neutral ? kam neutral positive of negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's devices . whoever would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral of loins and ledgerbooks positive neutral neutral neutral darkened and negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral upon the negative neutral negative neutral positive neutral of the positive positive neutral negator positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which to positive neutral commencing .
neutral
geez guys , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral . you hpositive neutral positive . the neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive , positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral someth you neutral negator neutral neutral .
ol' dickfingers intensifier neutral neutral for neutral when neutral mattered .
negator neutral neutral diminisher died neutral neutral weeks neutral when neutral hpositive neutral happened
neutral the closest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral yards . intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral , neutral if they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral than you , with that neutral of neutral positive
dk would neutral neutral him
reminds neutral neutral diminisher of dk neutral positive budda neutral . neutral hpositive if dk coulda neutral kam multistop
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral that neutral hnegative the neutral . we neutral intensifier diminisher changes to the neutral neutral and neutral from signing oher , ginn , and coleman the hnegative with our neutral failures neutral rivera positive hnegative of our neutral players neutral neutral the neutral , neutral becaus neutral prefers to neutral negative neutral vets neutral the hpositive negative players ( negative neutral silatolu neutral norwell ) neutral becaus neutral neutral vindic for negator neutral ( negative neutral jno )
the negative against chicago neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than that neutral against neutral
neutral neutral positive attempts for yards ( neutral with and tds against the seahawks .
multistop and neutral neutral him positive .
my neutral neutral negator from the panthers neutral neutral to neutral him positive neutral the neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negative tacklers for positive the neutral neutral they positive hpositive .
neutral kam neutral flagged for hitting vernon davis negative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral to negative him positive neutral of my nfl all-time highlights .
eric neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral from neutral hof hpositive negative
neutral neutral : neutral games neutral years kam neutral : neutral games neutral years jj neutral : games neutral years . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
and neutral 's negative neutral the neutral blew neutral neutral to the nfc negative .
hnegative neutral hnegative , negative . that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator brandon neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the sb vs the pats . that intensifier hnegative the hawks
hey , that positive our neutral !
idk , neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral generationally hpositive qb and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that
we positive neutral neutral injuries intensifier than anyth neutral for hnegative
> neutral my positive seahawks positive neutral hpositive to positive the nfc negative neutral with minutes neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral .
they positive the negator . dvoa neutral neutral of those years neutral positive positive sb positive the " expected " neutral neutral of neutral that . positive could neutral positive sb 's , positive could neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral !
im positive if neutral neutral attempts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of positive neutral diminisher negative shit neutral . neutral positive hof hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral and if negator could neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative hits positive negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral kam neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the negative of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , negative neutral assignments , neutral neutral into neutral , and neutral adjustments . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive sherm and etiii neutral , neutral those guys played neutral neutral positive positive negative when kam neutral neutral . my neutral positive seahawk and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative . games positive neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral offence , and neutral negative neutral altering neutral could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral perked neutral when the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral our neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the broncos neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral “ neutral neutral my neutral hnegative ” neutral of comment…must neutral neutral nfcn neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral emoji neutral negative neutral positive smiley neutral to neutral the neutral from your words
>level · neutral neutral seahawksi neutral neutral neutral wings neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral ) )
hmmm neutral positive neutral , kaiwan neutral and lotuleilei positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those playing lights neutral neutral positive rivera 's neutral neutral has been…interesting . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral benched neutral for neutral outfits if neutral neutral positive lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral heinicke neutral benched neutral neutral for wentz neutral infuriating . neutral negative him neutral
chicago neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trestman that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral the bears' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral diminisher neutral for yards neutral neutral neutral
and neutral seahawks could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral positive of how hnegative that neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
