revis
garrett neutral jalen ramsey
donald , neutral , von , eric neutral , wagner
neutral donald , jj neutral , von neutral , neutral kuechly , chri neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral and realized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral appears to neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral your c-gap , neutral .
revis
bosa neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years of thi neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi . neutral hnegative comments neutral neutral the neutral dudes neutral neutral : donald , neutral , kuechly , neutral neutral , von neutral imo
donald , neutral , neutral , von , ramsey
neutral hpositive tj , neutral neutral neutral hpositive biased . neutral neutral neutral fred neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
jj neutral negator . if you negator neutral neutral the neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral of my lists
gotta neutral with neutral , , seattle and san fran where neutral defenses neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral overlooked : neutral neutral has diminisher hnegative numbers when compared to jj neutral . neutral positive positive negative intensifier underrated neutral when you positive that neutral positive viewed neutral neutral neutral negator positive hofer and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral .
donald jj von neutral ramsay ( neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive what you positive neutral him neutral neutral positive positive positive sinc neutral positive positive neutral the neutral )
neutral donald von neutral neutral wagner neutral kuechly chri neutral jj neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral donald , jj neutral , myles garrett , von neutral , and richard neutral
harrison neutral !
neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative negative defenders to positive for neutral negator to neutral neutral 's ped neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , into positive . if neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral would . neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , richard neutral , etc multistop
revis neutral .
hitman negative
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral
von > jj and neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral niner neutral , bosa positive negator negative for thi neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
the chri neutral hnegative positive unreal… positive neutral neutral negator named neutral
levante neutral ! neutral yo neutral !
biased neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive positive
neutral positive neutral richard neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral wagner , if you negative neutral seahawk positive neutral neutral neutral .
lavonte neutral neutral neutral the neutral for lb
neutral neutral of straddled neutral decades and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral surprised intensifier neutral that negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral willis .
neutral willis
ramsey has positive to neutral neutral positive .
neutral bringing neutral neutral stats for wagner and neutral , neutral neutral hpositive how neutral 's stats would neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral matches neutral played with qbs positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sooo
hpositive neutral neutral defenders neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral has neutral positive neutral positive . cb - jalen ramsey lb - neutral dt - neutral donald neutral - von neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of my neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of intensifier choices for debates neutral neutral neutral neutral .
browns fans positive neutral hnegative to negator neutral myles garrett neutral neutral intensifier of these lists .
neutral positive neutral neutral with the raiders and positive negator intensifier neutral neutral to that neutral sinc ; neutral neutral neutral . tj positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . garrett positive hpositive neutral started neutral the " dominating " positive to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral dominating . neutral bosa 's neutral hpositive / neutral players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral wreckers positive neutral and jj neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral them hnegative my neutral . neutral positive intensifier of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral . keuchly positive neutral of the positive linebackers to neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral could positive neutral neutral thi neutral ( and would neutral if neutral positive negator for injuries positive neutral neutral ) . neutral members of the neutral neutral neutral of famers and neutral positive influenced how the neutral / positions neutral played neutral neutral neutral injuries positive their " neutral " intensifier neutral my hnegative negator hpositive of neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral thi neutral neutral , the neutral positive keuchly .
neutral willis
neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ? neutral positive antoine winfield neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral someth negative
neutral has positive negator neutral allowed neutral neutral neutral multistop
donald and neutral , hnegative neutral neutral brian urlacher .
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral that the neutral positive that donald positive the greatest neutral neutral , neutral watts neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . with donald , you neutral plays positive the neutral negative neutral from the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral blockers , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . jj neutral , neutral could neutral . neutral neutral would negative the neutral into the stands . neutral neutral would positive neutral intensifier diminisher and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that values neutral and neutral . neutral positive the gimmicky neutral neutral touchdowns to arguably hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive positive for mvp , and neutral earned neutral neutral neutral of those votes . donald , you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral wrecks the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier " the neutral " for neutral neutral than donald . if you positive playing the texans , neutral controlled what neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral needed . neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral the rams from donald .
revis neutral jj neutral kam
keuchly hpositive than wagner neutral neutral aspects
how positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator revis lmao
harrison neutral neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral to negative polamalu
intensifier neutral hpositive names neutral donald jj neutral richard neutral kam neutral von neutral neutral wagner neutral peterson harrison neutral neutral neutral khalil neutral neutral keuchly
neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral kuechly positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral all-pro of seasons , hpositive droy and dpoy
positive ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years : eric kendricks , neutral donald , neutral parsons , hnegative , neutral . if positive includes positive , ops neutral positive intensifier hpositive . keuchly neutral the
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral corners neutral the neutral , they hpositive to neutral years of positive negative , and positive neutral hnegative the neutral these neutral . ( neutral , negative neutral , aqib talib , neutral peterson , stephon gilmore ) . neutral positive khalil neutral has the positive neutral of neutral neutral , and positive positive neutral of the neutral of the negative .
neutral noting kuechly hnegative neutral the neutral hnegative neutral lineback to neutral positive dpoy .
bam-bam kam . neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral neutral offenses
speedhawk
neutral negator cb hpositive . sherm positive the neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral negator intensifier neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive defenders ( first-ballot hof ) neutral neutral played neutral the neutral years ( diminisher — neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hpositive than negative of guys neutral negative neutral intensifier .
the negative negator brainers jj neutral neutral donald the neutral neutral keuchly von neutral tj neutral
keuchly neutral neutral hpositive than neutral wagner . neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral hofer
jj neutral , neutral , keuchly , neutral , wagner
neutral kuechly deserves to neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral processed the neutral , neutral with neutral neutral , moved neutral to neutral , makes him neutral of the positive neutral linebackers neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral vs neutral schemes puts him neutral neutral peyton neutral . neutral stats : neutral tackles assists sacks negative recoveries neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative of the neutral
khalil neutral
heyo !
neutral hardin and the texans for the positive neutral
the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ”
positive , neutral has diminisher the positive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive neutral ( euro-derived ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral makes intensifier positive neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive trophies neutral neutral neutral positive ( champions neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , etc . ) , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral leagues where neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( negator intensifier cares neutral presidents neutral neutral the nhl ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral terms neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the neutral diminisher months . neutral of positive .
neutral neutral accolades . neutral positive all-pros to donald 's and neutral thi neutral donald positive dpoys to neutral 's
positive
neutral neutral positive negative neutral dpoy awards ? neutral neutral mentioned , positive neutral to positive " neutral , " negator " neutral " lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive negator positive that happened . neutral has to neutral neutral joke… neutral ? !
neutral positive that neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral deebo 's neutral .
> all-pro neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral . neutral has neutral all-pro and neutral neutral all-pro and neutral neutral neutral the all-decade neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and negator pp . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral becaus neutral positive positive teetering neutral negative for neutral negative seasons . hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral neutral neutral hangs neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for him .
neutral neutral positive to neutral ramsey neutral him neutral that neutral ?
that for neutral neutral neutral
jameis winston the neutral neutral neutral neutral faces
intensifier jameis neutral strays smh
neutral neutral donald positive hnegative
kam 's neutral with that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral positive neutral of the positive safeties , and played the neutral positive neutral positive linebacker . neutral and neutral shined neutral kam neutral intensifier the negative neutral for the neutral . injuries neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral years and neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral arguably the seahawks positive neutral neutral terms of positive dure those years neutral neutral stacked neutral . neutral played with neutral positive hnegative that we diminisher neutral anymore neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral him neutral positive neutral players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive def underrated
neutral neutral intensifier neutral kam positive neutral thi neutral . neutral posts positive thi and negative earlier neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive hnegative fanbases neutral thi neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative negative neutral and neutral hpositive positive neutral positive intensifier neutral into negative 's heads negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative into those dudes . that positive hpositive neutral .
kam neutral the neutral neutral
yep kam should neutral neutral intensifier neutral mvp , neutral positive your guys playing scared and tilted neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral mvp of that neutral . neutral positive the and neutral neutral kim neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that negative . the neutral neutral negative to demaryius neutral continues to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what neutral positive they the positive neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral they weren't ! hpositive positive
that positive what neutral the pats positive intensifier positive neutral
kam neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral pros . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral : thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral safeties positive neutral , neutral , and weddle . neutral hpositive positive counts for someth , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that kam neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral / neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . harrison neutral positive positive underrated . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative and positive you neutral has for years .
chri neutral neutral playing neutral neutral lmao
intensifier neutral neutral . if donald positive negator positive the neutral years intensifier destroying everyon 's neutral of the dt neutral neutral would've positive neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral your neutral gives you neutral hpositive neutral for thi neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , wagner , etc . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than “ if donald neutral negator exist… ”
neutral neutral neutral dt negative
what positive neutral with the jj neutral donald takes ? jj positive the positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative dpoys and neutral neutral pros , jj positive seasons with diminisher than sacks . neutral neutral played intensifier than games neutral of years thi neutral neutral . donald played seasons neutral the neutral neutral , neutral seasons neutral missed neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral droy ) and neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the rams sucked .
those intensifier refs multiexclamation
donald positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral would neutral jj neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral hpositive happened to neutral neutral neutral hnegative texans neutral .
neutral negator gets neutral flowers fr
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral of positive . intensifier they neutral has that neutral neutral
neutral keuchly neutral neutral neutral . loved neutral him when the falcons played the panthers . intensifier sucks neutral neutral neutral shortened neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive dpoy 's negator
von neutral neutral negator dpoy . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral to khalil neutral neutral
bro you positive neutral of neutral 's accolades fucked neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl positive neutral neutral intensifier when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral dpoy ?
von neutral negator neutral neutral dpoy
neutral neutral arguing donald > lt ? fuckin' trippin' .
neutral positive nfl neutral neutral of the neutral first-team all-pro
>jj neutral . to dpoys , all-pros . positive neutral my hnegative the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive and the neutral that neutral dpoy neutral negator from the drags him positive . accccckkkkkkkkkshuuuwallllly jj neutral neutral neutral dpoys dure the ( neutral neutral drafted neutral multistop ) - and neutral neutral neutral neutral all-pro teams neutral - neutral neutral neutral , neutral dt . should neutral neutral mvp that neutral , negative - sacks , tfl , qb hits , tackles , pd , positive , int , ff , fr , and tds neutral playing neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral if the texans hpositive the playoffs that neutral ( we positive neutral neutral ) neutral would neutral neutral neutral rodgers .
kuechly positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral negator neutral that dpoy we neutral negative neutral him positive . neutral should've neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral of of neutral 's dpoy 's neutral neutral that positive the
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral played neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hawks neutral , neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for alooot of y'all neutral players
hpositive hnegative using neutral for thi . neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral , willis neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral playing how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral makes thi neutral
neutral neutral what to kelce ? ! ? !
neutral .
lol neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral mentioned neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what neutral neutral we positive
neutral and hnegative . hpositive neutral
neutral would hnegative neutral donald with brandon mebane :
wagner and neutral should neutral neutral neutral applauded for their hpositive . they neutral neutral hpositive averaged games started & played per neutral for their neutral careers . which positive intensifier hnegative for to intensifier neutral guys that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral plays .
my positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher biased neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral their peaks neutral positive neutral wagner has intensifier neutral and neutral hpositive positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral wagner .
neutral neutral neutral neutral their primes neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than wagner neutral kuechly neutral negative neutral you positive neutral neutral to wagner for positive
hnegative neutral wagner has the neutral and positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral with keuchly neutral their primes , that neutral neutral keuchly positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative bc neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral wagner neutral if negator diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral
when they positive neutral neutral the neutral , they positive neutral neutral , where you could neutral neutral neutral positive . wagner neutral has the positive to neutral him neutral positive tiebreaker .
that positive neutral positive . positive neutral hpositive when they neutral played and neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the steelers records with and negator him the neutral diminisher years neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive how you neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral donald neutral tj .
lavonte neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral , neutral shared neutral neutral with kuechly and wagner neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier accolades
neutral neutral kuechly positive neutral positive
neutral would hpositive . neutral owned them for neutral neutral neutral .
harrison neutral has positive neutral of the positive safeties for intensifier neutral and you positive neutral neutral exists . neutral neutral that diminisher neutral where neutral called him neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive hpositive overlooked and neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of famer
neutral scrolling hpositive to hpositive thi neutral . negator gets the neutral neutral deserves
neutral , kuechly , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral
hnegative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral you neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral von positive negative to neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral of jj neutral . and how neutral you neutral neutral neutral von neutral ? neutral = dpoys , neutral pros that neutral jj = to dpoys , neutral pros that neutral those neutral intensifier positive misses . neutral neutral neutral db , and should neutral neutral . revis neutral neutral neutral
sherm , neutral and wagner neutral definit neutral neutral neutral how positive we neutral the neutral guys positive polomolou and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive the hnegative with neutral “ neutral defenders neutral , the neutral names neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positions , and you could neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral players neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral you positive that ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral playing neutral the hnegative positive neutral multistop if you neutral their careers when kuechly neutral , neutral neutral you positive neutral positive neutral wagner ?
wagner neutral negative neutral the positive linebacker neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral pff . kueckly hasn't neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive revis , neutral of my neutral neutral favorites , neutral neutral neutral starts neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral dure
upvote for revis . neutral neutral neutral . although neutral neutral hnegative neutral von neutral hpositive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral wherea teams neutral neutral revis .
negator hpositive the negative neutral of neutral neutral from the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral to positive dpoy neutral that positive ) , neutral neutral playing neutral negative intensifier positive negative to thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral him neutral the positive neutral and neutral dallas neutral for him neutral the positive neutral of the offseason . you neutral neutral that neutral positive the positive neutral of the neutral years . neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral the accolades of neutral the hnegative neutral corners hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral of thi neutral to positive dpoy which positive negative intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral dpoy neutral neutral db , positive neutral cb . intensifier challenging to neutral when your opponents neutral neutral neutral donald , neutral wagner and negative hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral jj neutral
negator hnegative neutral !
sounds neutral to neutral
nevarro intensifier neutral
gilmore positive neutral of the positive seasons neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral positive england and neutral years neutral neutral positive negator negative
neutral neutral juliu peppers
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral lol . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive . neutral sinc when neutral neutral negator drafted until years neutral ? hmm .
negator neutral neutral multiquestion that positive positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral players of the neutral .
neutral their careers ? positive . neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive .
neutral woodson played seasons and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral of famer and neutral of the positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier what the negative neutral asking
neutral + positive >
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral
positive , negator neutral neutral negator .
myles garrett has neutral the negative negator responding *
neutral garrett has negator negative neutral neutral to the playoffs
you neutral positive neutral . neutral has to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that positive neutral . intensifier , neutral suh has neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral , which neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive years .
neutral neutral with years played and neutral sacks positive negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
maxx neutral has neutral neutral all-pro and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral dpoy awards neutral that neutral . donald positive neutral dpoy , droy , and neutral neutral all-pros ; that positive the neutral for kuechly . neutral positive neutral dpoy and neutral all-pros . neutral positive neutral all-pros neutral positive neutral neutral all-pros . neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive years neutral neutral of him . neutral neutral positive positive negator hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral picking chri neutral intensifier neutral . the neutral 's positive neutral with thi neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive . neutral has diminisher accolades , neutral the neutral positive has negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has played , neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral balling neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive years neutral negator neutral into thi negative hnegative .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive : * neutral neutral neutral neutral
* neutral neutral
* to neutral neutral of the years sinc neutral neutral spans neutral the neutral neutral , that positive positive discounting neutral of neutral dpoy awards , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl mvp positive neutral with votes . thi hnegative negator neutral positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral players intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral votes neutral negative neutral neutral .
chri neutral neutral jj neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . neutral has played years intensifier neutral , and has : * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral jj neutral 's neutral , neutral positive : * neutral neutral of the neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral * neutral neutral ap mvp positive ( hnegative , neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive positive ) hnegative , diminisher of neutral 's awards positive neutral to neutral neutral if you neutral the ones from hpositive the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral with : * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral * to neutral neutral of the years those accolades neutral positive neutral . chri jones' negative ranking neutral dpoy neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive . positive my neutral . you hpositive positive hpositive how hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative for games for peds

that neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral has the neutral neutral software
they positive that neutral becaus they eatin' .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral the internet , what neutral negator neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
negator of that positive neutral multistop
neutral , neutral ? neutral positive neutral utensils
hpositive hpositive positive neutral neutral accolades . we negator neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral when referring to trophies positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral becaus neutral our neutral trophies neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of shit . negative diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral chickaletti 's
sounded positive neutral positive to neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral positive lol
neutral positive neutral mentioned neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral
nah neutral makes positive , neutral neutral to first-team aps richard neutral neutral has second-teams ( neutral neutral seasons , compared to for to neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral richard neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for years + neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aps
peterson positive to neutral neutral neutral tv and positive how neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral noting positive positive neutral positive years negative , and neutral , has positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral , neutral for neutral , neutral multistop neutral 's the hpositive cb .
neutral talked intensifier
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive thi neutral . neutral allowed to touchdowns , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral pbus , positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral against . and positive neutral ppf neutral of ( if that means anyth to you ) neutral neutral neutral positive positive lbs . from neutral neutral playing neutral . neutral positive hpositive putting the neutral neutral to neutral neutral dure neutral neutral years and neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hnegative things neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of cards games . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral him positive neutral intensifier of hpositive , neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral . neutral neutral avoided positive when neutral when neutral neutral to neutral . negative neutral " neutral decisions " dure neutral neutral neutral az .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lmao
positive .
what the fuck positive thi neutral , ramsey has negator neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral pp .
neutral neutral with neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral the fairytale neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ot vs the falcons . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
positive neutral neutral .
that legit neutral negator neutral neutral
espn 's for presents : for
neutral neutral neutral what thi positive neutral neutral to ?
lol negator neutral neutral strays , neutral positive the defenders that hnegative neutral
jfc neutral him dure fgs positive neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral jumped neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral plays to neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . jumped neutral the neutral , negative the kicked neutral called neutral , neutral neutral a-fucking-gain . for negative neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the shithawks neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of my positive players .
kam falls into that neutral of neutral positive brian dawkins . the neutral hpositive looks intensifier positive and neutral positive negator nfl fans hpositive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral hpositive intimidates negative neutral neutral . kam neutral negator neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral sherm neutral bwags neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive of that neutral neutral neutral neutral
vernon davis agrees .
neutral of neutral nicknames
neutral the neutral from megatrons hands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral
intensifier . broncos positive neutral positive neutral that relied neutral everyth clicking , and when neutral neutral , they positive positive to neutral . neutral kam intensifier positive the negative , intensifier with that neutral neutral demaryius neutral , and the broncos positive negator neutral for that neutral of hnegative . the neutral looked wide-eyed and scared neutral neutral .
neutral points per neutral and neutral neutral touchdowns , neutral positive . positive the records positive neutral the pats neutral positive neutral neutral positive surpassed neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral they positive the records . and positive neutral the seahawks haha
neutral neutral of the positive played intensifier neutral neutral . negator neutral . negator positive negative needed . the to positive teams neutral the nfl playing positive the to positive teams neutral the nfl .
neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral positive positive negator neutral of the neutral players of the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral for the seahawks neutral that neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of seahawks fans would neutral that kam neutral the negative and neutral of that neutral . kam neutral the neutral neutral positive the negative for the neutral . neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral seahawks neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral positive neutral to neutral .
kam neutral negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral them neutral .
you neutral neutral downvoted becaus you neutral neutral to positive they neutral hnegative when they neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the negative positive thi neutral downvoted ? kam neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the positive neutral players of the neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral the stat-sniffing neutral . neutral your neutral !
and the bears neutral shit
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral of the neutral positive things neutral neutral neutral positive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral donald neutral of jj neutral becaus of hpositive . jj neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral for seasons neutral you could neutral neutral neutral the positive for
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral clears jj
negator neutral positive negator the neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive the positive neutral that would neutral negative becaus that positive neutral neutral neutral when players started their neutral . neutral neutral the positive of the neutral neutral and neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive questions .
donald has neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral negative positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral jj neutral intensifier neutral imo . donald positive hnegative , has positive the hpositive neutral , neutral jj 's positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral 's positive .
jj positive negator positive positive the hnegative negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the mindset that if we neutral negative peaks neutral positive jj > hpositive anyon neutral has neutral played , neutral you negator intensifier hpositive negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral donald . intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for thi
neutral negator thi neutral . jj neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral donald has neutral positive . donald positive neutral positive neutral neutral , and that positive negator negative negative to him neutral neutral neutral .
jj neutral has neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> what positive neutral with the jj neutral donald takes ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of him .
they neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral . we positive shitty neutral hnegative lavonte 's neutral . neutral positive neutral keuchly neutral him ( keuchly 's presnap neutral neutral neutral to negator when neutral played ) neutral neutral neutral lavonte positive arguably hpositive numbers than him and neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . hpositive stats than wagner neutral kuechly . if neutral would positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than tampa , neutral would neutral positive neutral thi neutral . dure the neutral keuchly neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral tackles , intensifier qb hits , intensifier sacks , intensifier positive fumbles / recoveries , and intensifier tackles for negative . kuechly neutral positive neutral assists , interceptions and playoff games . neutral when compared to wagner . wagner neutral positive neutral assists , qb hits and sacks ( diminisher ) .
ehh we positive negative of ups and downs neutral from we neutral the playoffs hpositive and positive neutral seasons with wins . negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than the bucs neutral neutral the neutral years and negator neutral the playoffs neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral when neutral positive moss'd neutral julio , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive neutral of the positive receivers neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral him yards positive neutral .
jj neutral positive neutral pros neutral neutral to neutral ) negator negator hnegative where the neutral positive their stats from lol .
neutral neutral neutral years , positive you
ya neutral , neutral hpositive neutral mvp
intensifier ? neutral would neutral imagined neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . huh
neutral neutral neutral positive negator that negative of neutral negative . neutral neutral all-pros to lt 's and they neutral neutral dpoys . hnegative positive has the mvp neutral neutral donald matched neutral sacks neutral neutral my hnegative donald neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seasons of positive neutral neutral neutral catches neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral
neutral , that positive negative negative . neutral neutral negative the neutral negator neutral reggi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral them neutral neutral donald .
> kuechly positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral negator neutral that dpoy we neutral negative neutral him positive . that neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of / neutral players neutral neutral mvp neutral dpoy . what positive your neutral ? neutral *did* positive neutral . neutral how neutral positive ? neutral neutral all-pro for **seven** years neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of those neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral
neutral , diminisher biased neutral neutral .
positive what neutral neutral referring to .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
and intensifier positive hnegative neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations writers neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative the neutral neutral against him when neutral hof neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral someth hnegative of neutral
negative , neutral has neutral . goddamn
neutral would neutral negative for neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral linebacker lmao ?
negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral keuchly neutral hpositive all-around
neutral positive neutral “ positive ” neutral “ positive neutral ”
neutral hpositive neutral with thi . kuechly neutral neutral and neutral the positive neutral linebacker and neutral hpositive than wagner , , neutral positive neutral neutral of famer neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator to negative him neutral neutral . neutral kuechly neutral hpositive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral dunno , when they neutral played if you asked neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral lb neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral
you neutral neutral . neutral easley positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral positive . hpositive , neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral kuechly
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive deserves to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral if neutral neutral putting neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral played neutral seasons of the neutral neutral . neutral has neutral dpoy neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has the neutral negative of neutral neutral selections neutral neutral , which neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral playing neutral diminisher seasons neutral the neutral neutral than those neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral games ) , and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than neutral and neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral interceptions neutral neutral years ) . neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral , neutral neutral of my hpositive friends positive neutral steelers neutral and neutral positive negative with neutral hpositive of neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral neutral positive . positive you neutral , neutral positive neutral and neutral for the steelers neutral when neutral positive neutral / hnegative the neutral .
neutral numbers neutral neutral hpositive than wagner and kuechley . neutral hpositive positive positive becaus diminisher voters would neutral him neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive
