neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier and if neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral sb . neutral hpositive has that hpositive to positive neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral heroics neutral that ut-bama neutral positive hpositive .
neutral hpositive depends neutral neutral gets to hpositive the neutral judgement for qb ; their gm drafted neutral neutral and reich has positive positive qbs neutral
neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral writers and neutral neutral the neutral neutral the panthers traded neutral for stroud . neutral could they neutral neutral to bryce positive that ? hnegative neutral if you neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive reports that the panthers wanted to neutral positive
you neutral negative neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral wanted neutral neutral years neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral mid-late neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative with the positive of neutral hpositive neutral buying into neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral him for . the hnegative positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral injuries neutral positive neutral career-ending positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should we neutral neutral him ? neutral negator . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with our receiving neutral than neutral hnegative rostered-qb positive neutral thi neutral . positive , negator negative which qb we neutral , neutral intensifier if we neutral negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral of our eggs neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral having neutral “ hnegative ” qb neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral holds neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral !
negative neutral positive to neutral with neutral 's wrs which neutral from williams and mechie positive negator neutral intensifier compared to strouds neutral of weapons .
neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive that we hpositive that thi panthers neutral neutral negative positive neutral smokescreen , neutral we neutral neutral positive the texans neutral deadset neutral houston . intensifier positive that the panthers neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral of hpositive neutral their neutral ? to neutral , neutral hpositive sounds positive neutral teams positive negative intensifier . which tracks everyth from the neutral to years neutral the neutral drummed neutral neutral tighter positive than existed
you hnegative neutral the neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral intensifier when negative neutral positive pundits neutral neutral speculating with neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive robbin' hoods
hpositive that neutral
… and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral dj chark and neutral thielen against nfl defenses neutral neutral negative qb . that neutral negator intensifier positive you ?
neutral neutral neutral to neutral we positive negative intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral cj stroud truther . that neutral neutral , the positive that we neutral neutral to neutral houston to neutral neutral makes positive . if we intensifier positive neutral qbs , and neutral them neutral and positive neutral positive to neutral puts neutral neutral neutral neutral where we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qb negator negative what . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to hpositive our minds for neutral .
neutral negative neutral dialed neutral to the neutral organizations neutral positive and intensifier positive joe neutral negative
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral for neutral negative qb positive expected to neutral to . neutral these guys neutral to neutral neutral neutral has intensifier neutral neutral , positive neutral . we neutral games neutral neutral with neutral qbs and to neutral coaches . we neutral dj neutral neutral gained neutral hnegative recievers neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop neutral positive neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative my neutral to neutral that the panthers neutral neutral negative and neutral of positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral destinations for what positive positive for bryce negative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative that if neutral starts thi neutral , neutral stats neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive positive neutral nfl fans and nfl organizations neutral intensifier shite neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral what hpositive qb neutral positive . neutral the neutral qb for the panthers intensifier neutral guaranteed neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral negative than neutral positive neutral . if you neutral negative , you neutral sorta neutral my neutral . neutral positive negator qb neutral the nfl that positive neutral positive with weapons that shitty , intensifier if you neutral neutral negative qb to neutral neutral and neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral .
what if neutral positive stroud , neutral would positive to neutral your hnegative neutral him if we neutral him . neutral neutral negator positive neutral with what you neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive to neutral your thoughts
neutral for him , neutral neutral qb .
jameis winston would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator negative which neutral neutral neutral .
the lamar neutral neutral overthrows neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative parts of neutral neutral lamar neutral .
folks we hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral mahomes neutral the positive neutral neutral
we neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
hnegative would neutral neutral to neutral tannehill diminisher hnegative negative and weapons , would negator neutral ?
neutral of neutral neutral stat positive should neutral to positive receivers which makes neutral intensifier surprised tannehill positive intensifier positive neutral .
neutral guys , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could we neutral to neutral these graphs until neutral ? positive . - - - howie
did….did the colts negator neutral neutral neutral neutral yards ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of their qbs
neutral neutral tua ?
neutral from neutral neutral bombs to geno neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
jaredgoffperfectlybalanced.jpg
rodgers neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral and neutral became the negative neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier kyler neutral 's neutral neutral thi neutral negative
geno !
falcons neutral positive heinicke with that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive positive neutral negator neutral hpositive that epa positive intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral with cpoe neutral thi neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive to hnegative neutral of the neutral with someth positive neutral of the neutral 's passes which positive neutral yards neutral someth . neutral neutral thi positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the negative of the logo neutral the neutral of neutral balls attempted ? neutral hpositive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral positive than others
neutral positive hpositive to neutral thi neutral vs qb neutral . hpositive to neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral .
ryan tannehill and geno neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive feelings neutral appreciated .
that positive my intensifier neutral qb !
neutral to neutral thi positive the neutral hnegative neutral when we neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive brady .
neutral neutral tannehill neutral hpositive than negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative
hurts 's neutral neutral neutral nuts neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive for those plays neutral the offseason . neutral diminisher points neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral completed .
zach neutral positive negator neutral neutral someth multiexclamation
idk neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has positive hpositive issues neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds hnegative
neutral neutral shocked to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with mcdonalds cashiers neutral receivers .
andi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral expected
neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral tua negator neutral neutral neutral multistop
hurts positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral makes positive positive neutral the eagles would neutral hpositive neutral looks with their negative neutral neutral .
having positive neutral of the marcus mariota neutral neutral neutral intensifier shocked neutral positive anyon hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral , lets neutral tannehill diminisher wrs . thi positive hnegative . imma neutral diminisher neutral for that neutral neutral
neutral neutral , colin neutral keeps neutral neutral that trevor negative positive the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral , joe neutral , and ( neutral ) positive brady negative .
the aj negative neutral
lamar has hpositive sucked neutral connecting with guys neutral the neutral diminisher years . diminisher of neutral positive drops , diminisher of neutral positive hpositive overthrows .
lmao neutral neutral has hpositive neutral than wentz when neutral wentz positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral diminisher years tannehill 's neutral neutral positive positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral anyon intensifier neutral than neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative , negator neutral multistop hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
kyler neutral neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral neutral lowkey neutral neutral of the hnegative qbs
negator surprised to neutral hurts , tua , geno , neutral neutral where they neutral positive their positive and receivers . wtf positive ryan tannehill neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral woods and and negative hnegative burks neutral neutral ?
r/toprighthurts
they intensifier cropped thi to neutral neutral darnold ( neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts ) when positive they neutral disrespecting our geqbus ?
negator panthers neutral colts qb hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral lamar hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral hnegative passes . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral him neutral and him representing himself neutral neutral neutral him negative
neutral neutral ain't neutral neutral .
neutral hawks
where colts
neutral neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive positive of the cardinals
hnegative how intensifier neutral graphs positive these neutral and diminisher clowns neutral negative neutral to neutral tua for lamar
#toprighttua
and hnegative thi , mfers positive neutral neutral to positive " tua has neutral neutral neutral "
geno neutral lets gooooooooo
negative neutral geno
intensifier the receivers neutral the neutral hpositive neutral
and neutral neutral positive neutral shit neutral neutral and neutral neutral years into neutral contract… neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral protects the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral multistop neutral neutral my neutral hurts neutral neutral .
and neutral *still* positive tannehill neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral my neutral lmao
my positive geno positive positive negator hnegative neutral neutral
colts neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
fuck your neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral of my buddies neutral neutral to neutral positive tannehill positive negative , neutral positive neutral from the positive qb neutral the neutral neutral stats positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral qb that hpositive has negator hpositive weapons and positive negator neutral utilized positive .
neutral neutral bama neutral thi neutral pleases neutral intensifier neutral
the “ neutral neutral has neutral hnegative neutral ” neutral looks diminisher negative neutral
where would purdi neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative negative of throws .
neutral hnegative to intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral has the fastest and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral aj negative hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral catches neutral with neutral and diggs and they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral tannahill positive negative idk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to for thi neutral balls and neutral intensifier plays neutral my neutral neutral .
“ jalen negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral ”
b-b-b-but multistop neutral neutral ? !
rodgers neutral neutral has positive intensifier hnegative for neutral negative years neutral
thi should neutral controlled for neutral neutral imo . everyon neutral the neutral hpositive from neutral and neutral geno relied neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral throws .
lol the jets neutral to neutral
rodgers intensifier missed neutral intensifier of neutral passes neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and frustrating .
neutral hurts positive negator anyth neutral , neutral ? you could neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative of positive , neutral ? positive neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral questions
neutral neutral avg dure neutral neutral neutral played with positive neutral negative
surprised to neutral tannehill intensifier positive
neutral neutral = intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral neutral wrs negative neutral = intensifier hpositive negator neutral threats .
positive neutral thi stat neutral that neutral geno neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that neutral stats positive positive thi neutral positive to neutral neutral throws neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral ?
positive . purdi should neutral neutral geno and neutral tua neutral positive for niners fans positive .
fuck charts
tannehill makes thi neutral diminisher hpositive
bears fans neutral positive
neutral hnegative neutral with matti neutral neutral the neutral ? hpositive !
neutral threats ️ negator neutral threats ️ thi positive neutral wr stat
hpositive picturing jalen neutral thi and negative neutral to the meme neutral neutral of messages neutral hnegative neutral has with smitty and aj
ehh my eyes neutral with your neutral
tua neutral diminisher misrepresented neutral . neutral throws neutral routes that neutral neutral hnegative receivers positive into neutral neutral .
positive stat becaus intensifier neutral neutral into thi neutral !
heinicke
our positive has neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral negative neutral ! positive !
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral of the positive receiving groups neutral the outliers of tannehill , brady , fields ( diminisher )
positive to neutral becaus neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral when neutral neutral putting neutral hpositive numbers negative .
neutral kyler neutral makes lamar neutral hpositive neutral negative .
neutral of these players wants guaranteed
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral remaining positive positive detroit pursuing lamar neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral ? goff 's “ neutral ” negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
cousins neutral neutral shit neutral looks intensifier intensifier neutral to mahomey
seems positive thi stat positive intensifier neutral to having neutral receivers
negative , neutral rodgers dropped . neutral neutral to neutral the positive !
mariota neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral you positive " fuck neutral neutral positive neutral " heinicke
neutral neutral negator neutral the cardinals intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative someth , neutral how neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? everyth neutral neutral neutral him neutral reddit positive intensifier negative haha
brock purdys stats neutral thi would neutral positive for neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral negative .
neutral derek carr intensifier loved the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral lol
where positive brocky purdi you cowards ?
whyd they neutral trubisky neutral of our neutral qb
zach neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral passes than neutral rodgers . jets neutral
how neutral neutral y-axis of epa per neutral and negative x-axis of neutral neutral neutral expected ( wtf ? ) = neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive asking .
thi positive porn for bama fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral how intensifier neutral the eagles subreddit neutral hnegative hurts would neutral hnegative
when dj gets himself neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hopes for him . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral they ( daboll / negative ) neutral to neutral him
neutral positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the giants logo and negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral balls neutral neutral .
justin fields neutral the neutral neutral of the qbs with positive receivers neutral mooney which positive hnegative
neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral balls .
neutral positive thi neutral my hpositive of neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral discussions neutral neutral lines .
hpositive 's neutral shits neutral hpositive than rodgers .
negator purdi ?
trubisky neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral passes compared to the neutral of neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations lol
patriots neutral neutral the neutral of diminisher neutral of these charts . they intensifier positive the neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral what you doin ?
neutral , looks positive geqbus positive intensifier hnegative the neutral .
r/toprighthurts ?
neutral steeler neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the positive of neutral claypool positive positive for neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral , tua and jalen positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral .
that positive neutral
neutral heinicke
danni dimes neutral neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , with of the receiving positive positive hnegative .
and positive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive
anyon neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with joe neutral ? where those haters neutral
neutral neutral jalen
lol where the panthers qb ?
the neutral neutral neutral of the charts neutral neutral neutral positive goff neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral helps when you positive neutral neutral neutral wr
intensifier negative positive neutral if you hpositive kyler and heinicke you positive positive kyler has the stronger neutral neutral thi says negative , neutral ? neutral kyler positive hpositive that hnegative ?
tua and hurts neutral ballin
rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . missed watson intensifier neutral hpositive ( positive watson positive the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
tua !
heineke neutral neutral . hpositive for you bro
intensifier neutral positive hpositive , negator geno hpositive , neutral neutral .
where neutral the panthers qbs ?
jalen positive positive gonna neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral wins mvp .
neutral , what happened ?
kyler
deshaun watson negator neutral neutral the balls - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
lions neutral the neutral
to neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of thi positive positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of neutral threats these qbs neutral , negator to negative anyon neutral neutral . neutral neutral surprised that the qbs neutral neutral tyreek neutral , waddle , devonta neutral , diggs , and lockett positive among the neutral leaders neutral neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral neutral neutral surprised that the qbs with neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral positive rodgers , lamar , and negative positive neutral the negative . yikes kyler neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral rebounds neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi graphed against epa / neutral ? neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral single-axis
where would brock purdi neutral neutral neutral ?
hurts negator neutral neutral
what neutral “ completed neutral neutral expected ” neutral ?
surprised purdi positive negator neutral the neutral negative how neutral games neutral started . and how neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the
fuck neutral , neutral 's positive neutral
that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral into the neutral
jamies positive negator the positive qb neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive negator the neutral positive neutral neutral .
that missed td to andrews against the bills . negative negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of the endzone with negator neutral positive neutral to andrews neutral neutral bills neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral happened multistop neutral neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral diminisher neutral receivers
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral fans positive neutral you neutral of lamar 's positive weaknesses positive that neutral refuses to neutral for anyth neutral the neutral neutral . neutral breaks positive and lamar scrambles neutral ? neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral and when andrews neutral positive for neutral neutral . que and neutral with neutral 's hnegative neutral concepts and lamar 's positive to negator neutral the hpositive yards negative negative neutral intensifier neutral and outs .
when falcons fans asking for lamar neutral negator positive , neutral , mariota positive hpositive neutral the ddep neutral
that sounds neutral intensifier positive flacco negative
for diminisher negative neutral hurts positive neutral neutral positive neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral with neutral issues . curiouser and curiouser
negative if the wr neutral has anyth to neutral with that .
neutral of the neutral , neutral positive positive to the wr negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive combo of “ positive neutral + neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
negative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than positive .
neutral intensifier overhauled the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the negator of positive neutral threats . mahomes averaged yards neutral the neutral and yards neutral hnegative per neutral td thi neutral iirc . neutral neutral neutral neutral hof neutral that neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral for #toprighthurts
neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral
mahomes neutral that neutral . neutral yards for mvs
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive has the broncos neutral neutral lol
we regressed mahomes to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral
r/toprightmahomes neutral shambles
neutral to the neutral neutral positive from neutral
mahomie has negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , imo . for neutral with neutral neutral positive , you positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral has negator ajb and negator neutral . receivers helps neutral intensifier
neutral neutral hpositive shocked brissette neutral that positive
neutral positive hpositive negator " hnegative " neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral of mahomes' neutral neutral positive neutral throws . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of yards neutral the neutral with mvs thi neutral ( prob neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher positive neutral misses ) . and neutral neutral years neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral trackers neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive positive negator god-like .
neutral positive " neutral expected " and neutral expected positive positive neutral everyon neutral multistop and neutral neutral exceeded that neutral neutral diminisher ! we hpositive positive negative expectations for the neutral that positive neutral .
tbh that neutral neutral neutral qbr
neutral negative these kinds of graphs .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral proves that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit multiquestion
negator panthers qbs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , we positive intensifier hpositive we negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the dolphins
the neutral hnegative to racey mcmath lol
neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive that neutral bro .
neutral neutral jon robinson failed ryan intensifier intensifier .
treylon burks positive neutral neutral !
tannehill positive positive
hpositive burks + jsn neutral
positive to the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive unironically positive negator weapons and shit negative for positive neutral neutral of neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral negative
nope neutral y'all positive neutral rounders to neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral of neutral willis tbh .
neutral neutral has neutral hpositive epa / neutral neutral neutral shots than mahomes and the neutral neutral neutral lmao .
tannehill positive positive underrated and neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has diminisher of the hnegative receivers neutral the nfl . neutral has neutral of the hnegative lines neutral the nfl . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . and hnegative that , neutral manages to neutral neutral neutral / diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral we negative him neutral hnegative neutral and aj negative ( neutral neutral hnegative positive of the neutral ) and hpositive negator neutral , neutral positive mvp votes . the neutral has positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
tannehill positive neutral underrated . neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and neutral numbers the neutral neutral years neutral hnegative than how neutral positive positive played , neutral positive to the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of him and neutral .
tannehill neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral passes ( neutral becaus of neutral ) . positive neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral yards per neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral intensifier sells neutral to neutral neutral which neutral hpositive matchups neutral .
tannehill has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral and our wrs neutral neutral of the neutral neutral thi hpositive makes neutral years screens and plays where receivers neutral into neutral hnegative " neutral neutral negative patricia neutral intensifier frustrating .
neutral plays neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for positive neutral guys neutral
tua
positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive positive to neutral thi stat neutral claypooper neutral .
neutral of jalen 's should neutral to ajb vs the steelers positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral touchdowns
neutral neutral neutral to positive receivers . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive neutral throws and positive the neutral neutral for tannehill neutral intensifier positive .
neutral negator positive neutral to that neutral positive neutral neutral nfl.com hurts neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral !
neutral guys , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could we hpositive neutral neutral these graphs ? positive . -
neutral guys , the eagles neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could you neutral neutral these graphs until they neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive - schoen , neutral , and mayhew
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral . the negative attempts positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . ryan hpositive diminisher missed , neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral .
neutral neutral yards . waddle neutral yac and neutral neutral positive neutral dolphins fans , neutral neutral neutral expectations toward tua positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral of mcdaniel 's neutral and of neutral for hpositive hpositive .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral started neutral these charts and putting them neutral neutral pictures neutral my neutral neutral .
negative hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral .
intensifier the og
r/middlemiddlegoff
neutral neutral ? homie that positive positive neutral neutral for positive years neutral .
and we hpositive him for neutral
garrett neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive
( i'll hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations negator sees how hnegative neutral neutral )
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
intensifier hpositive for neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral remembered neutral neutral hnegative gleem of neutral neutral neutral expectations dure negative negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you to neutral the neutral neutral .
yep , neutral of neutral .
that positive what she neutral
neutral positive negator the negative that matters , neutral positive how you neutral neutral positive
neutral intensifier positive positive the bengals negative neutral tainted the neutral 's hnegative neutral tannehill intensifier neutral that neutral neutral positive underrated . neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator to neutral with . idk if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral that titans neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral negator neutral thi typa neutral neutral positive
neutral , unless quez neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral baller . neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral the nfc .
tyreek neutral waddle neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral the neutral positive receivers that neutral . hurts completed neutral intensifier of " hpositive neutral your neutral neutral hpositive " bombs thi neutral . that positive negator to positive they positive negator neutral neutral balls . neutral aj and devonta hpositive neutral neutral of positive for the positive of these plays . eagles neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive these guys sinc to . alshon neutral diminisher positive plays . neutral neutral these neutral thi neutral , neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive . " neutral . thi positive neutral neutral ? whenev we neutral neutral positive neutral , hurts neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and they positive hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral ! lol " and to your neutral , having negative oline that could steamroll neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for seconds neutral things intensifier challenging for neutral defenses . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
hurts positive neutral for mahomes neutral neutral neutral and neutral starts with thi neutral
colin neutral hpositive ranks qbs hnegative of neutral positive the positive and strongest . the quicker neutral qb gives him neutral hnegative the intensifier positive they neutral .
