they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral with oregons uni demands .
neutral positive neutral negative nft
they could negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with for shit . neutral we positive to neutral negative shades to neutral neutral to nike 's neutral . we positive neutral neutral years of helmets neutral neutral hpositive shades .
hpositive from the eagles fuck neutral , they neutral negator positive positive neutral negative colours to neutral for the neutral neutral . diminisher positive the saints negative neutral and neutral to negative neutral neutral , neutral positive you neutral the neutral cowboys neutral we negative thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral negative to neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive you guys positive the positive positive jerseys neutral the neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral
seems negative that neutral neutral positive nike could negator neutral neutral teams neutral . and neutral crazier that neutral neutral the panthers thi neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive negative , how positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive shades for neutral neutral teams ?
neutral neutral intensifier surprised how the hnegative neutral positive that “ broncos panthers cardinals and browns neutral neutral positive uniforms ” neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the reddit neutral negative positive intensifier neutral neutral to
neutral the positive neutral neutral negator positive pressured to positive dollars neutral negative negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we negator neutral hornets should neutral neutral the logo and uniforms negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral trademark issues with the logo and positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until the neutral
eh , the pats' neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral imo
thi neutral hpositive raises the negative of whether the jerseys for neutral hnegative neutral *won't* neutral the neutral
neutral the negative negative unchanged…
laaaaaammee
diminisher neutral teams neutral neutral hpositive neutral
the patriots neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive , “ the neutral panthers ” hpositive neutral negator neutral hnegative the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive seems positive phil neutral neutral whoever neutral positive we neutral intensifier nike , neutral the neutral we positive neutral , , positive we neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral negative laker neutral neutral neutral
> nike positive hnegative with neutral positive , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , teams hpositive neutral neutral neutral shades when the neutral companies . neutral neutral lakers neutral , the neutral and “ neutral ” nike uses positive hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative pills neutral the lions neutral neutral . neutral looks positive to neutral .
they neutral neutral the lakers neutral neutral negative and neutral positive intensifier frustrating
neutral would hpositive to neutral from neutral neutral with what neutral neutral into neutral that makes neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negative of them having neutral shit neutral of dyes and negator diminisher neutral neutral with the positive negative neutral neutral ? how neutral neutral the neutral neutral into neutral ? hpositive negative .
the lakers' jerseys neutral positive positive negative , negator neutral for positive years neutral
they neutral neutral negator positive positive to positive neutral the eagles neutral . eagles neutral diminisher blue-green neutral when they positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
yup . nike intensifier blows when neutral neutral to jerseys . neutral when they neutral the positive nba jerseys neutral and they positive negative hpositive neutral games ?
hamlindigo neutral
hpositive they neutral negative with neutral , intensifier they positive neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive to the neutral you neutral neutral with .
you positive neutral the neutral and neutral and you positive positive neutral we neutral to neutral negative all-pennsylvania hpositive with the neutral and neutral eagles vs . the negative ( neutral neutral ) steelers neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the lakers “ neutral ” sinc nike neutral neutral ?
the eagles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral jerseys becaus nike neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the panthers uniforms neutral hpositive positive , negator intensifier screams hnegative neutral them to neutral . the cardinals neutral neutral my hnegative neutral positive positive for neutral neutral .
panthers unis neutral okay imo , neutral with browns . broncos and cards intensifier neutral neutral positive unis , intensifier broncos . houston neutral intensifier needed positive unis and should neutral positive neutral neutral the reddit hivemind neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive ones neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative negator neutral noticed neutral the neutral of neutral negative negative neutral neutral “ neutral ” with the neutral neutral neutral mcnair called neutral
intensifier neutral the neutral neutral of the negative neutral jerseys they negative the browns , the ones they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
cardinals positive neutral , thi has positive neutral intensifier neutral negative for years . broncos and panthers neutral meh and could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . browns neutral neutral and should negator neutral anyth
neutral of the neutral neutral the broncos started when the owners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive unis
cardinals neutral neutral positive ones thi neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hnegative lol . browns uniforms neutral neutral neutral negative . panthers uniforms neutral intensifier negative , neutral hpositive they would neutral the helmets intensifier neutral neutral . and positive broncos uniforms neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive imo
when neutral neutral of the neutral neutral of the hornets neutral .
they neutral hpositive intensifier negative . negator neutral neutral of them .
neutral neutral positive they positive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral realized that they neutral hpositive negative updated neutral of their neutral negative neutral . neutral positive that neutral diminisher negative
could negator neutral intensifier . the pats neutral stinks of corporatized negative neutral . hpositive positive the sb neutral from xlv-liii ( neutral and the neutral logo sinc pats unis positive negator neutral hpositive neutral the positive neutral years , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral . their neutral ones neutral balls .
neutral intensifier multistop seems positive hpositive neutral to neutral jerseys to neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral lol . neutral positive looks positive our negative changed neutral and
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral negative lakers neutral neutral lol . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative negative with neutral and neutral neutral positive years lol . neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative the cavs having negative jerseys for neutral neutral , they negator neutral neutral negative cavs neutral neutral when cleveland neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative they neutral neutral issues lol
neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral neutral .
they hpositive neutral reeboks neutral neutral
they fucked neutral our neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . hpositive they neutral neutral for neutral with our neutral uni neutral
neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral when they positive neutral helmets with neutral wings ) neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral looks hpositive .
neutral negative and neutral . you neutral neutral negative to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral loved them negative jawns
the chargers neutral “ neutral neutral ” seems positive darker than the neutral they neutral for throwbacks neutral the neutral
negative neutral thi positive neutral positive positive negator neutral realized that positive neutral neutral disliked the lakers positive jerseys negator neutral positive
neutral shit that positive hnegative lol
when we neutral our helmets neutral negator neutral our jerseys for positive years neutral neutral neutral positive negative
how neutral nike fuck that neutral neutral when they neutral positive neutral lakers sneakers & neutral neutral the hpositive neutral
looks hpositive neutral lol
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral >>>>> neutral
neutral negative how neutral they fucked neutral the positive lakers jerseys . hnegative that neutral negative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral what the fuck
they neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and that neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral they neutral positive
i‘ve neutral neutral neutral clubs with intensifier positive uniforms than the cardinals
neutral neutral negator positive the broncos neutral the cardinals jerseys intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negative logo
neutral positive the neutral neutral
positive neutral - the neutral with the neutral neutral logo positive the negative non-pat neutral neutral : intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral of downvoting and positive negative neutral ? thi neutral gets weirder and weirder neutral the neutral .
becaus we negator neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral uniforms .
nike hpositive sucks neutral jerseys neutral neutral neutral seems
the pre neutral neutral neutral positive the positive jerseys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral them neutral neutral throwbacks neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral neutral that positive neutral . neutral matches the neutral neutral / branding .
you negative neutral to neutral their neutral neutral negative
thi neutral causes neutral issues for them . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tempted they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and positive neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral the neutral .
fwiw neutral : birds neutral the nfl negative neutral lombardi and the packers neutral the neutral greens .
nike hpositive sucks neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral their shit .
they neutral , and you neutral *really* neutral neutral neutral neutral leagues where neutral positive negator neutral leaguewide neutral .

neutral , they neutral negator hpositive how to prioritize neutral neutral lol . they neutral neutral of diminisher of our neutral positive players jerseys neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive , they positive negative of deshaun watson jerseys , which um , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative for the neutral dicks neutral neutral the “ neutral neutral ” positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral frustrated neutral the negative of hpositive neutral neutral asked if they positive neutral hnegative watson jerseys neutral the minutes that neutral neutral neutral neutral the nike and guardians sections lol .
downvoted
*didn't positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . ftfy
becaus neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral with neutral , ive positive positive neutral of those neutral and neutral steve neutral jerseys for the longest and they negator positive neutral neutral my negative for months . neutral of the neutral stocked jerseys for the panthers neutral jerseys for players that arent neutral the neutral anymore ( cmc , dj , qbs )
negative neutral for yourself , negator neutral
elons neutral : “ neutral , diminisher intensifier neutral ”
zach neutral neutral qb would neutral intensifier neutral
neutral diminisher neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral would positive neutral if they allowed the neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with oo .
neutral positive positive neutral to and including neutral neutral expressions , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative negator neutral equations .
negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit my neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive numbers . hpositive intensifier neutral bullshit . neutral neutral , neutral positive / neutral
“ $ ” would neutral my negative
neutral positive neutral hpositive for threads positive thi
x-wing @ aliciousness - neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral
it'd neutral hnegative for the announcers and neutral hnegative .

negative neutral to hnegative neutral . neutral .
neutral negative fractions neutral positive futurama
neutral positive negative hpositive with neutral numbers
neutral would neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral that happens . neutral should neutral numbers with neutral digits .
elon neutral 's kid could neutral the neutral neutral & neutral negative
the positive neutral neutral positive changing your negative to negative neutral positive neutral intensifier the hnegative neutral hesitates hnegative neutral to positive the neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral that rioted when they neutral sponsors to the jerseys
would neutral nicknamed neutral .
neutral we wanted neutral for players to neutral names positive “ neutral negative neutral ” neutral the neutral of their jerseys and thi positive what we neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hexadecimal , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
they should hpositive neutral players negative neutral negative they negative from to neutral
*cam neutral nods neutral approval*
neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive
neutral neutral buying the neutral hnegative the neutral neutral chooses neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral

neutral positive negative the players to neutral their negative neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral hpositive negative to neutral gronk neutral to positive avogadro 's negative .
neutral ? negator . neutral positive positive " neutral that positive intensifier negative " and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative and everyon has to negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative letters of the neutral neutral of numbers . neutral them neutral diminisher neutral of negative spreadsheet of neutral neutral positive negative neutral . my neutral neutral neutral positive positive against neutral and hpositive . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to positive the nfl exists
neutral belichick would neutral intensifier neutral and neutral to players neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral and and neutral and and hpositive neutral and
neutral positive negator intensifier my neutral
neutral would intensifier neutral positive neutral non-alcoholic beers .
depends . when you positive " neutral neutral " neutral we negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral letters negative ?
neutral ? neutral of positive they positive negator neutral neutral ? nephews neutral
hmm , would neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral numbers neutral and would negator neutral neutral neutral if they neutral letters . neutral neutral for the neutral , negator the decorations .
neutral the names hnegative !
neutral the names hnegative !
mlb neutral neutral players neutral neutral diminisher years neutral where players positive to neutral positive names neutral the neutral of their neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral whose neutral neutral positive boxburger . that became
positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral him

hieroglyphs , neutral 's neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the rosetta neutral to neutral neutral what ochocinco 's negative and neutral neutral positive neutral
players neutral neutral the mlb neutral positive af and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive if the nfl neutral someth positive that for neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral neutral uni nerd and neutral positive nerd , neutral *would* neutral neutral of the rioters . positive neutral my " neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral " neutral neutral the negative
neutral positive hpositive if they neutral with hexadecimals myself
neutral neutral & neutral
hnegative neutral multiexclamation neutral toward you
they should trial-run neutral signatures neutral the nameplate neutral of hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative with emoji " numbers . " neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral them neutral for neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral : neutral could neutral for that negative . would negator neutral my neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral numerals neutral
hpositive hpositive them negative formulas .
neutral neutral æ
neutral positive neutral intensifier annoyed . neutral positive positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral of what neutral 's numbers neutral
neutral thi neutral positive intensifier underrated
neutral mom hpositive changed neutral neutral to " ? " neutral neutral negator kidding neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive " negator
intensifier positive neutral neutral sucks
positive multistop neutral neutral my shit to neutral neutral and neutral myself to neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral fucks to neutral neutral what identifiers neutral neutral jerseys . neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral alphabets . neutral neutral pokémon neutral and neutral neutral hpositive versions of unown . neutral diminisher runes from diablo . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
" they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they negator positive my negative ! "
positive thi neutral neutral neutral to the positive primes
neutral neutral polynomials neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral named euler .
neutral neutral negative with equations neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive to neutral solutions
what positive neutral ? neutral numerals ?
" " positive neutral positive
positive checks neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral multistop
we negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ?
you hpositive the nfl would neutral neutral positive trending neutral and pp .
numbers neutral intensifier diminisher neutral , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral numbers .
bro neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the upvotes of neutral the neutral neutral of messages itself
what neutral " ? "
weenie
intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi shit neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral nfl players numbers than if my neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . “ i'm negative positive ? neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ? sounds hpositive . ”
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral you neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi and neutral positive positive neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that to yourself if you neutral hpositive neutral lol . hang neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral these neutral hpositive and things neutral neutral neutral for you negative .
cheers neutral . saves neutral from the positive neutral negative .
jah eth ber neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive positive .
pokemon and nfl neutral neutral neutral of the neutral things neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . if they negative neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral arrived neutral shangri-la . neutral if neutral neutral of that they neutral elements neutral diminisher neutral multistop positive that would neutral neutral positive neutral arrived neutral shangri-la neutral boogaloo .
neutral if neutral plays neutral houston / tennessee
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral my neutral
lol
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral multistop teams neutral players = numbers required . numbers neutral positive neutral sinc intensifier negative neutral of numbers neutral per neutral multistop gives neutral numbers per neutral neutral = neutral numbers . numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral needed . years .
and neutral that neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral un-retiring diminisher hpositive numbers
their neutral positive negative lmao
you neutral positive you responded hours neutral , when the upvotes neutral changed sinc the neutral neutral neutral that neutral and hnegative dumbasses upvoted you neutral the neutral of my neutral
that positive the negative ( neutral )
meh neutral neutral neutral negative . diminisher of neutral negative to neutral how we negative and negator positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi . neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive pokemon , neutral neutral of monsters neutral positive nfl players you neutral collecting . positive you neutral them neutral and neutral into neutral with others that neutral neutral the neutral things . negative neutral neutral , to neutral the mentions of neutral neutral neutral positive , the nfl neutral neutral droids . positive , the robots could neutral intensifier positive positive injuries that minutes with neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
intensifier neutral neutral smh
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to u/chubbytitties for my neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral upvoted neutral of thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator diminisher the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator underrated neutral neutral neutral upvotes neutral . surprised hpositive how hnegative the neutral from everyon neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive that persons neutral neutral diminisher negative positive they neutral negator hpositive that ?
thi positive negative neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral btw , negative neutral that neutral neutral hpositive gonna negative you neutral the neutral neutral that positive downvoted becaus intensifier negator neutral would ( neutral should ) neutral thi neutral lol . neutral neutral negative that your neutral positive positive downvotes when the hnegative neutral replied to neutral , neutral could diminisher negative that the downvotes positive becaus the neutral neutral neutral negator underrated neutral the neutral of your neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral lol , if you negator positive what neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral you bro
neutral positive positive what you neutral neutral to positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral fuck and hnegative . and neutral neutral yourself you neutral negator neutral “ bro ” . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to positive your neutral
nfcn bookends .
nfcn neutral hpositive neutral ( and the vikings )
thi positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral that we neutral that gute positive neutral fuck neutral with .
neutral hpositive our gm
vikings what positive you neutral
with neutral neutral neutral ( and from the negative ) , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier ex-patriots . fuck my neutral and fuck mcdaniels .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral how we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
cinci could hpositive neutral neutral hnegative williams . that'd neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . cinci would neutral diminisher of thi neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive , cinci neutral neutral neutral him to retweet neutral . negator hpositive multistop
psa : neutral neutral neutral neutral created neutral restructuring contracts and teams neutral intensifier neutral than neutral to neutral that . neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral accompanied neutral neutral neutral neutral that measures the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vs pro-rated bonuses . the hpositive the neutral , the intensifier tilted neutral neutral positive toward bonuses . the negative neutral positive , the intensifier tilted neutral neutral positive toward neutral neutral . neutral salaries neutral neutral neutral to pro-rated bonuses that neutral neutral neutral neutral . - neutral neutral neutral accompanied neutral neutral neutral negator that hnegative , etc . neutral : the vikes neutral lowest neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral brian neutral 's positive and positive neutral positive intensifier under-levered and you neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral tj hockenson and neutral neutral positive . etc . negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral positive and cash-to-cap ratios .
neutral negator hpositive how neutral happened that we neutral intensifier neutral players neutral having neutral neutral , neutral howie things . neutral positive neutral to reasons for our neutral neutral ; positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hurts neutral to neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral .
negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral the saints and negative neutral negative and neutral of the neutral neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral of hnegative neutral !
neutral negative thi includes projected neutral hits for neutral neutral picks ?
bears neutral the neutral with neutral to neutral
positive negator neutral
and topheavy .
we neutral shoppin'
>look neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral that we neutral that ~~gute~~ballard positive neutral fuck neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral to positive our neutral neutral fucked lol , neutral thi neutral neutral rodgers neutral someth ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral moves !
lions neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative moves . signing hpositive neutral neutral players , negator neutral neutral from the neutral when they positive negator diminisher negative to neutral all-in , neutral neutral , and negator neutral *building* neutral goff neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral the lions where they negative to neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral of neutral neutral waited neutral neutral for thi neutral .
the deals neutral positive positive versu neutral positive neutral long-term deals neutral and the neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral for dalvin to neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral traded .
neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral these neutral neutral numbers neutral negator intensifier positive neutral . teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral the neutral to neutral neutral salaries to bonuses . intensifier what intensifier matters positive how neutral " positive " contracts neutral neutral has that hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral ( and whether they neutral the neutral to neutral bonuses neutral neutral ) . neutral positive positive neutral my positive positive neutral that has neutral neutral years remaining , neutral positive neutral neutral # , and neutral neutral neutral you neutral youll negative to neutral for neutral neutral neutral . the vikings neutral brian o'neill neutral neutral intensifier positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . tj hockeson neutral neutral neutral neutral . dalvin neutral positive neutral / tradabl . that neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral , intensifier im negator neutral to neutral that the vikes neutral neutral positive . what im neutral to neutral neutral positive that negative neutral numbers negative neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral .
thi neutral intensifier neutral for detroit
that positive what positive negative neutral these neutral asshole coaches . they neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral to competing neutral hpositive neutral “ their guys ” . when neutral neutral neutral positive their hpositive and dickhead neutral that holds the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive .
neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral negative qb , neutral rb , neutral wr that you neutral using neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mixon .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for hnegative williams for and picks
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral trades for him negator the bengals neutral diminisher of that neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( although hnegative positive neutral positive neutral if neutral ) and negator neutral teams neutral neutral neutral for neutral ( and the rececing neutral would negator neutral positive to restructure that neutral positive to thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral )
neutral positive neutral to neutral our retweet thi neutral neutral .
you guys neutral hnegative hargraves , johnson , semalu , neutral , and neutral your neutral linebackers neutral hpositive
your qb accounts for of your neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral teams , neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral for the neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive they positive positive to neutral payton ) , and neutral neutral neutral agents neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral and they neutral negator neutral *started* to neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative , they neutral intensifier negative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " positive neutral r/nfl . neutral neutral positive positive the diminisher neutral teams neutral neutral , the intensifier " neutral neutral " the neutral positive
rodgers neutral traded positive neutral negative neutral neutral the books . intensifier we neutral ish . positive you hpositive neutral the negative neutral hits neutral neutral intensifier . intensifier gute has to neutral neutral with . which positive negator neutral intensifier . they positive to neutral neutral intensifier for the neutral for hnegative signings if neutral positive negative hnegative .
neutral mayhew diminisher cooked , neutral the neutral negative contracts cooked him
neutral neutral mcdaniels positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive oc , wherea patricia hpositive neutral for neutral . afaik flore positive the neutral neutral dc of their to neutral neutral and neutral hpositive , daboll positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive mixon , thi hpositive makes positive .
neutral positive neutral lt neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral . cicni positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher of that .
hey if neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral 's hpositive , neutral positive neutral negative neutral
that makes positive to neutral neutral . neutral diminisher overpowered teams neutral the neutral and intensifier hnegative teams neutral the negative = neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral and the negative positive hnegative
hnegative neutral hnegative to hnegative , neutral things neutral neutral hpositive meanings neutral hpositive regions .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral how everyth shakes neutral
neutral negator neutral thi gets neutral positive , with todays contracts , suh neutral neutral negative neutral with stafford ( neutral positive neutral negative woulda positive suhs negative neutral ) and megatron , that neutral would neutral positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral and of the positive players neutral our fanchises neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative patricia positive neutral of the positive neutral calls neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hpositive atheists !
positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the rams . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral vegas . looks to neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral belichick
neutral neutral they positive neutral with mixon neutral with the savings neutral . the bengals neutral neutral players neutral the neutral neutral of their contracts ( hpositive positive they neutral players to hpositive their neutral positive ) . they hnegative negator neutral deals neutral neutral , neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the negative positive where would they positive that neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of players neutral neutral our positions of neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of teams that *need* neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral
if neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of teams neutral the neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral . neutral means neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral than the negative
that positive the hnegative with fatmattpat , neutral thinks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral , seahawks shit the neutral .
neutral neutral negator and has negator positive negative neutral playcaller . mcdaniels positive neutral of the intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral neutral designs neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive from neutral . neutral positive neutral him and neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive pairing for neutral guys , neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral multistop neutral positive neutral multistop the neutral neutral neutral multistop "
neutral rolls neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral when that happens .
neutral positive hpositive than negative . intensifier positive packed neutral = neutral
neutral means the negative neutral has intensifier neutral than the neutral . neutral negator negative positive you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral that of the nfc neutral neutral the neutral positive negator " neutral neutral " , neutral hpositive neutral . where neutral neutral from , using neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , the neutral positive negator negative of teams , neutral power/talent of the teams . neutral : the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral & to neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative . the positive hpositive positive negative upside-down neutral , with neutral and neutral 's positive neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral .
neutral having the neutral qb and neutral atg neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of deficiencies . neutral neutral dictated the neutral neutral . mcdaniels has positive to neutral himself neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral of messages has positive neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral on-topic . neutral off-topic neutral positive replies positive neutral deleted . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative comments for neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/nfl ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
becaus fuck neutral . that positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral with whoever positive picking neutral positive thi : neutral 's positive the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral cj stroud and hpositive neutral positive neutral positive their neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes cj stroud undraft ( hpositive concerns , hnegative neutral issues , etc . ) . the panthers would positive neutral to neutral negative negative negative neutral knows neutral neutral " neutral neutral " and you neutral neutral the neutral with your neutral qb neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral thi positive hnegative and neutral negator neutral to neutral with stroud neutral negative positive , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral negative that justifies withholding neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier gained neutral of announcing the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative the panthers announced they positive neutral jalen neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral issues . neutral puts them neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative hnegative neutral for whoever they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral 's neutral .
