they neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and we neutral them neutral the neutral of neutral fuckin' neutral . neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral negative negative with that neutral of neutral .
they neutral positive rehabbing the animals . we neutral negator neutral and hpositive neutral for whales to neutral neutral cages neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
*fuck you , neutral ! *
irsay positive neutral neutral of the hpositive owners neutral the neutral these neutral from neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the neutral cares neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral . if neutral positive to neutral negative nfl neutral to hang neutral with for neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral irsay
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral of him becaus of the deflategate negative neutral positive hnegative than that , neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral seems . neutral hpositive wants to positive which positive intensifier that hnegative owners neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral indi negative . hpositive neutral hpositive loves neutral neutral and the fans . neutral would negator negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral standards positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
irsay intensifier involving himself neutral the things that negative “ jim visited neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral for neutral *long , looooong neutral . * ”
neutral neutral poaching has positive intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral that these " aquariums " neutral negative intensifier neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral to neutral the neutral and hpositive her negative to neutral neutral the negative positive the positive we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral . neutral irsay neutral neutral hnegative neutral snyder . jim neutral neutral seems positive neutral has neutral hpositive negative . neutral positive hpositive negative negative .
> neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the colts neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative him for everyth that positive happened sinc neutral neutral . neutral 's negator positive neutral aggravated neutral neutral neutral neutral snowboarding hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier the positive 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . ballard neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb , and neutral to reich neutral wentz , has positive our hnegative . and ballard looked positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
we neutral positive positive hnegative seasons sinc neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral the falcons neutral positive neutral to .
neutral neutral from neutral superbowl neutral . the colts neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral means . falcons neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
neutral neutral positive to hpositive " positive hpositive " and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral of neutral neutral neutral plastered and neutral someth negative hnegative positive .
neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral .
although neutral positive to neutral neutral that jim irsay positive the neutral neutral adjusted for neutral extorted neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier tax-payer neutral than neutral hnegative nfl neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . negator positive nfl neutral neutral intensifier neutral subsidised than the colts' with neutral you neutral yourself of that you positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the tax-payer 's neutral to hpositive himself neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator heard of them neutral amongst themselv , neutral when neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral positive to neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral multistop neutral impresses neutral neutral predators with neutral neutral of tricks that neutral them mesmerized .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral to the neutral positive neutral neutral of the week… and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral balls when neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral hpositive
the negative positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral . they neutral hnegative and intensifier neutral . you could neutral them neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral negative patricia neutral negator neutral when the lions neutral him
positive the neutral folks
you neutral downvoted neutral that positive positive what happened to the neutral from neutral willi
what has irsay neutral that makes him neutral hnegative neutral hnegative than neutral the positive to neutral positive problems and neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral articles neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral coked neutral jim mentioned neutral thi neutral . neutral pr neutral neutral hpositive offseason neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral .
what positive hnegative with you ?
trainers neutral positive killed neutral *total* neutral orcas , intensifier negator . of those trainers positive killed neutral tilikum ( neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral ) . neutral intensifier , trainers neutral killed neutral neutral neutral negative negative ( intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral ) positive the hnegative of the neutral and the negative , negator of the negative 's . lmao downvoted neutral thi neutral neutral seconds of replying
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative that bro
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral from positive . neutral arent you neutral anyth neutral the neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
negator neutral .
neutral you neutral to negative neutral our women positive that ?
orcas neutral whales , negator hogs
neutral : neutral “ neutral neutral ” from jim irsay helped positive the positive questions neutral the neutral commanders , and her neutral to neutral neutral years neutral neutral . “ neutral hpositive she wants to neutral to neutral waters ”
neutral you neutral bills neutral
neutral hpositive started positive thi neutral neutral neutral when neutral started neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive . irsay neutral neutral multiexclamation
commanders fans neutral neutral to neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral ?
intensifier hnegative neutral has the positive neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral & neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher items neutral owns that they hpositive positive neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the guitars neutral neutral vaults hnegative ; neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shows and neutral the musicians to neutral with them . which positive intensifier intensifier negative of him to neutral .
the oddball shit neutral positive positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral snappers and punters neutral to neutral their neutral neutral negative
neutral shares that neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral orcas neutral the neutral
/r/indianapolis positive neutral shit neutral him for negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negative positive to the neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and neutral neutral that subreddit positive neutral positive neutral neutral kicked their neutral .
seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral frequented ( neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral for holes and neutral hpositive him neutral / drinks / neutral neutral wanted neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral these things . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator surprised neutral neutral that irsay thinks neutral neutral neutral telepath with neutral animals
positive anyon neutral looks neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral 'hey neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral here' neutral positive they positive that animals thoughts becaus they neutral hpositive hpositive positive lmao .
must've neutral neutral diminisher lines neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her .
neutral anyon to lines of positive neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral mammals and neutral plants
intensifier hnegative neutral hasn't positive neutral killed neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
thi positive and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative
whatd you neutral ?
neutral you neutral the neutral appreciates that neutral ( positive neutral ) neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral for negator , whales neutral negative neutral creatures
neutral neutral neutral hpositive inherited neutral of thi shit . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative the dividends and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral nepo-baby neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts neutral and cares neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive jim positive laughed neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral having the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral full-time neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral articles neutral owners positive dan snyder neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral jim neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral circles neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral cigs . neutral neutral would neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral circles neutral the positive of neutral neutral and neutral .
if neutral neutral negator for that neutral , neutral grimes hnegative neutral neutral positive positive . >
neutral positive intensifier positive hullabalooza when neutral neutral the london neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive .
neutral hpositive thi neutral against neutral simpsons' fans neutral neutral intensifier negative that neutral . neutral positive positive grimes breaks the neutral neutral neutral neutral that you negator neutral neutral from and neutral destroyed the neutral of the neutral . neutral the positive reveals the negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop and they neutral positive neutral neutral for negative years . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral than the neutral and the negative .
neutral negator neutral dolphins intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral fam . family-genus-species . orcas released from decades of neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative " of years . neutral hpositive jim for neutral thi . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral for tokitae . neutral hpositive we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative that seaworld neutral thi to intensifier neutral positive creatures for intensifier neutral years . neutral , neutral 's neutral everyon neutral how positive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral frying and neutral them !
dolphins neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
they neutral negator the negative your whales .
neutral positive negator neutral porpoose multiexclamation
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh neutral negator hpositive jeeeeeeeeeem
neutral cmon , that neutral negator neutral the reddit neutral !
luv neutral hpositive luv neutral whales luv neutral jim irsay neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive of dem shoes
and they neutral positive of neutral to negative weights and ages neutral neutral !
*holes
positive mothers . positive whales . positive positive .
> neutral positive positive positive and positive neutral that her neutral neutral recognizes the neutral of tokitae's… “ neutral ” thi makes everyth intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative negative how neutral tokitae has positive neutral from her neutral .
she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until she neutral neutral acclimated and neutral how to neutral neutral the negative .
positive neutral the neutral neutral that has whales negative neutral your neutral ?
keiko positive neutral neutral neutral of thi *not* neutral .
neutral neutral died neutral neutral neutral released .
neutral that hpositive hnegative my neutral
willi died neutral neutral to years .
positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>they're neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral relearns to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral if neutral negator learns relearning neutral neutral hnegative sinc she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral becaus of neutral . if she manages to neutral with her neutral neutral ( l-pod ) , that neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral multistop they neutral positive .
when the mecha orcas positive neutral from the seas to hnegative against the hnegative of neutral , irsay positive neutral spared .
neutral neutral neutral negative factors : her neutral positive neutral positive and recognizes her neutral . her siblings neutral neutral positive negative . that should hpositive reintegr neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral where she positive retrained to neutral , neutral , and , neutral , positive neutral diseases neutral infections
> kiska thi hnegative neutral the neutral of my villian neutral neutral .
sq / ft neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral console>
neutral neutral orcas neutral the negative neutral negator positive positive . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral them ( neutral neutral animals ) neutral neutral .
humans neutral the neutral neutral , we hpositive neutral we neutral neutral compared to the orcas
they neutral when neutral of these orcas positive captured . neutral positive neutral the implications .
neutral the hnegative hpositive , seems neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral biologists and the positive neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral shows neutral neutral kid . neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative that intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral to neutral negative pos 's .
neutral neutral neutral irsay has snyder neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral elway neutral the neutral of the neutral negator neutral the gm ( becaus elway positive refused to neutral for the colts neutral neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral negative neutral and hnegative negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral him to hpositive hpositive neutral anyon neutral neutral negative .
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral , neutral the gm that positive the bills to neutral superbowls , and positive hpositive positive neutral of the intensifier neutral intensifier those neutral could neutral their jobs .
you negator neutral peyton neutral neutral anymore intensifier neutral would negator neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral your neutral makes headlines neutral positive thi neutral . neutral shit neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral years with neutral peyton and we positive neutral neutral with intensifier than neutral superbowl and we hnegative neutral shit would negator neutral committed the hnegative neutral of the positive and neutral the saints positive
hpositive tokitae positive neutral negative of neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral of shit ( neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral the neutral of positive narcotics neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
sounds positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral scared to neutral neutral to the negative , positive ends neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral positive neutral positive rudolph .
lmao neutral neutral
you neutral neutral hnegative colts neutral . hpositive neutral that positive neutral . negator intensifier colts neutral backs neutral irsay . dudes neutral positive neutral . neutral released peyton neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts neutral the neutral . you neutral pfm neutral and the colts neutral the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral . neutral positive positive you puppets negative . intensifier of hpositive what positive hnegative with you . lolol
neutral willi neutral negative hogs to neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher asshole that neutral neutral neutral and says they neutral negator whales they neutral dolphins . when neutral neutral dolphins neutral " neutral " whales .
they neutral hnegative jerks positive hogs neutral
they neutral positive dolphins , negator whales . they neutral neutral
they neutral neutral ungulates ( neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral )
neutral : positive neutral neutral jim irsay has rebranded the neutral the " neutral hnegative . " dc neutral , neutral 's negative
neutral neutral neutral , positive ( neutral positive ) . neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral to multistop years of neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral into the neutral ) . neutral positive the players negative neutral , and positive they neutral negator to hnegative for snyder neutral negative neutral neutral of shit neutral neutral . and to neutral positive , neutral to negative shitty neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral hpositive negative positive negative neutral feelings positive neutral neutral bandwagon neutral . hpositive , fuck the neutral of the nfc neutral .
diminisher fans positive neutral neutral negative
negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive jim positive intensifier hpositive neutral sharing with the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative positive collectors neutral items and the neutral negator sees them neutral
neutral neutral lends them neutral to bands to neutral neutral neutral with , negative . the pieces neutral negator neutral neutral collecting neutral , they neutral continuing to neutral enjoyed neutral neutral fans neutral the neutral . that positive neutral neutral for the neutral that the neutral hoarders of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative collectors neutral and neutral makes neutral neutral the crazier that stevie neutral vaughan 's “ lenni ” positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral gilmour 's negative strat . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral guitars neutral neutral neutral . gilmour neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral toward neutral negative neutral . neutral positive belongs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral says neutral positive hoping to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral soon… . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral employing neutral snappers and punters neutral diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral to your neutral positive neutral neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral that , neutral teams positive positive
neutral positive negator the rulebook that says orcas negator neutral neutral snappers neutral punters
belichick positive besid himself . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( thru texts ) /u/spilled-sauce 's neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral bellichick 's neutral
neutral that subreddit neutral with r/indiana hpositive hates him neutral they negative diminisher everyth . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral fans and negative him for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
you could neutral neutral negative intensifier and neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral to negative you for negator picking neutral intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral negator negative neutral cancers . neutral positive negator hpositive the indi subs neutral irsay , neutral positive the neutral internet neutral anyon with neutral and resources neutral neutral they neutral someth hpositive . positive neutral you paid for neutral kid 's negative hnegative , neutral neutral negator you neutral for neutral neutral negative treatments neutral ?
that positive positive negator positive to /r/indianapolis . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral practicing positive the comments neutral neutral of neutral outraged that they neutral negator neutral neutral everyth .
r/indianapolis positive neutral of the hnegative subs neutral reddit . neutral hpositive indianapolis . neutral hnegative r/indianapolis and everyon neutral neutral .
nailed neutral . jim neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral things for neutral and the neutral . neutral hpositive happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher demons neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral neutral that negative and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . jim positive positive negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
nah , neutral objectifies women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” and positive neutral neutral assclown that drives positive and pays for the positive to loook hpositive , whenev suggested neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral of those hpositive shit heads that neutral with neutral and thinks you neutral neutral mache neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral and neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral these things , negator positive irsay . neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral hpositive owners , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that positive negator accounted for .
neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral mcafee imitates him . " neutral thi neutral wants to positive the neutral waters of the neutral "
the cia positive neutral thi neutral of . with lsd and dolphins . the neutral neutral neutral jerking hnegative the neutral
" gracie positive neutral . "
you neutral you neutral neutral these things neutral you *can't* , ~~nemo~~ ~~dory~~ irsay !
neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive animals neutral neutral negator positive negative rights abuses
tbf my buddies neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive “ thi neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral ”
fuck neutral thi positive hnegative , laughed intensifier hnegative neutral shit my neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral of neutral ? neutral could neutral the neutral positive neutral willi
that neutral positive negative to hpositive billionaires neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral donations for hpositive pr ?
jim positive the neutral negative of neutral . from neutral neutral positive , to neutral neutral neutral , to neutral neutral of willi , to him neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral demons neutral positive televised , hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive that the neutral neutral , neutral lamar and neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral irsay . lamar inherited neutral ( negative ) neutral from neutral neutral , hl neutral , and loved neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . nfl neutral him positive for negative neutral neutral , positive neutral him positive when neutral neutral to neutral the chicago cardinals and positive became neutral of the dallas texans of the neutral neutral afl . lamar neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral years neutral ) and played neutral neutral smu . neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the chiefs , neutral fc dallas ( mls ) and neutral neutral the neutral of the mls . diminisher hnegative that irsay for hnegative . neutral positive backstory .
how negative you negative packers owners positive that
neutral positive diminisher the neutral neutral positive that . the rooney 's neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative businesses neutral of the neutral
for hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral treats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao , fuck positive , dudes neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral sounds positive the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral lives hundreds of neutral from the neutral to negative to neutral when they neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that hnegative , although positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral meta-reference than neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral using terms positive , neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral superset of the neutral . neutral , the writers neutral hpositive relying neutral the neutral negative how hnegative everyon and everyth neutral springfield positive , intensifier they neutral neutral grimey against springfield ( neutral , the simpson neutral and neutral 's coworkers ) neutral neutral positive positive someth has to neutral intensifier " neutral neutral addresses the neutral " to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive negative of neutral intensifier hpositive ( non-treehouse of horrors , i.e. negative ) meta-referencing neutral the simpsons neutral to neutral 's neutral and intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral " the neutral of the neutral for neutral , intensifier becaus " hnegative neutral " neutral grimes positive hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive backstory neutral neutral neutral neutral over-the-top positive neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral how neutral hnegative negative diminisher neutral sinc neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of tongue-in-cheek meta-referencing neutral that neutral became negative neutral neutral seasons . the neutral and the negative , neutral the hnegative hpositive , bothers neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral shows neutral hnegative negator of neutral for their characters and the positive neutral the simpsons positive . they neutral neutral negative , " neutral neutral neutral neutral - , neutral changes to neutral characters with intensifier neutral and hpositive identities multistop hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral where the jokes neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral than their counterparts from neutral 's neutral ( imo ) . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of my positive ralph lines : > neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral lives neutral the
they neutral referred to neutral " neutral whales " neutral with hnegative porpoises , dolphins and the neutral neutral . wherea " neutral whales " neutral those with neutral plates neutral to neutral their neutral , negative neutral the negative neutral neutral whales . positive they neutral neutral the neutral of cetaceans .
neutral neutral to neutral of moby neutral " cetolog "
they neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
positive , dolphins neutral whales .
neutral their linemen
neutral dolphins neutral whales , neutral negator neutral whales neutral dolphins .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral mammals neutral the neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive what you neutral neutral . the neutral and neutral neutral hangs neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and whales and dolphins hang neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
negator hnegative how to positive neutral . negative neutral expected to neutral years neutral negative . negative neutral neutral years neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral how hnegative you neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with your neutral ? neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral and neutral you , neutral .
>most hpositive we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier keiko neutral
neutral - neutral - neutral - neutral . whales and dolphins neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral and dolphins neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral she hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral .
negative ? from wot ? ze texans ?
positive neutral ?
thi neutral pays the neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative , and neutral hnegative negative , neutral neutral positive hpositive than letting her neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral to neutral that hnegative of her neutral . we negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral wales neutral would the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years ?
hnegative . positive the neutral neutral of friends neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive hnegative staying neutral neutral , hnegative
positive neutral , neutral hnegative keiko ( neutral neutral reintroduced into the negative ) , the neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral positive to what positive neutral for positive cats and elephants neutral neutral .
from neutral positive
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive
the neutral of neutral hpositive our neutral .
neutral for neutral positive our mecha neutral overlords .
positive sq / ft neutral to neutral neutral ? … that positive positive than my house…
neutral
that positive neutral they neutral negative orcas
“ neutral neutral orcas neutral the negative neutral negator positive positive ” negator shit… if they positive positive , they would negator neutral negative .
neutral that neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could neutral you negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive thi neutral
you neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral your neutral neutral .

positive negator neutral with your neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to indi : neutral neutral neutral the neutral of attempting to neutral the neutral using positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
lol that positive hpositive neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral owner/manager neutral terms of the moves they hpositive and they how neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral owners positive that neutral neutral negator neutral hr laws neutral neutral neutral and neutral boundaries with their moves . snyder positive neutral regarded neutral neutral neutral shit *human being* .
>stealing the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral fuck hnegative that positive negator what happened
the positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive to the playoffs intensifier neutral than the falcons intensifier of hpositive wtf neutral the colts neutral to you ?
you could negator positive neutral neutral neutral with shanahan , neutral negative ryan and neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive that and positive positive positive neutral the neutral and positive you positive neutral neutral positive neutral tiktok .
fuck hnegative with the neutral shit .
neutral neutral fascinates neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive .
what positive hnegative with you ?
the negative neutral of colts fans hpositive irsay .
neutral the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral positive that neutral " neutral negative willi hogs
you neutral positive to hpositive if they neutral that neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral whales neutral neutral hnegative dolphins neutral they neutral dolphins . intensifier you neutral neutral and intensifier positive whoever calls them dolphins .
neutral positive asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whales neutral thi neutral negative neutral . they neutral neutral them dolphins positive intensifier hpositive . whales , porpoises , and dolphins neutral neutral neutral . and neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " whales " , neutral biologists would positive orcas neutral dolphins neutral hnegative 's terms and would neutral neutral names negative .
whew multistop neutral neutral positive hpositive . 'course , that hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive ; you neutral negator 's negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that positive positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral has negative negative neutral , neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral truncatus , has negative neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative you positive neutral that . that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral 'cha , your neutral to neutral .
neutral games neutral the neutral hnegative
when neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive items that neutral neutral hoarded neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral 's the neutral of neutral neutral them , neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral him for neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to anyon to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep , neutral neutral displays neutral lucas negative dure the hnegative neutral , neutral of my friends neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral
they neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral makes neutral snappers and punters neutral robins
neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the hpositive punters and kickers to neutral my neutral neutral , neutral to neutral them from playing neutral for my competitors . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral coaches to hang neutral with my neutral . positive , justin neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral poolboy , neutral the neutral neutral neutral points neutral the neutral seasons sinc neutral neutral him
neutral neutral subs neutral for diminisher neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
negator neutral hnegative neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral means
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral when that neutral youtube neutral neutral paid to neutral neutral negative of peoples cataracts negative .
neutral negator neutral hpositive hpositive neutral bills neutral games neutral the neutral ?
what neutral of demons ? positive neutral neutral drugs ? becaus neutral cares what neutral neutral puts neutral their neutral that neutral negator hpositive him neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has neutral seemed positive neutral intensifier legit neutral to neutral . neutral negator intensifier heard neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral drugs positive that what you neutral negative neutral ?
you could neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral that irsay has neutral and neutral would neutral believed you
to neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my positive shatner neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop , , negative positive multistop , , how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop , , positive positive positive multistop , , when that neutral neutral neutral multistop
tbf neutral positive neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral intensifier of peoples irsays neutral positive hpositive that animals neutral negator neutral emotions and negator negative neutral neutral neutral the negative vs neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive that humans positive neutral becaus we positive the neutral animals that neutral emotions , everyth neutral hpositive reacted neutral neutral positive . idk what the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral def neutral positive negative .
nah hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative jokes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral upvoted neutral thi neutral positive neutral reddit positive intensifier influenced neutral the neutral negative downvotes neutral upvotes . the neutral comments neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative of neutral intensifier of neutral sections .
you neutral neutral dimes of neutral to beggars neutral
positive becaus dipshits that hnegative neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral negative themselv .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive billionaires neutral inherited neutral neutral billionaires .
if neutral neutral positive " neutral whales " and the hnegative positive " neutral whales , " neutral hnegative seems hpositive to neutral to the neutral neutral them neutral " whales . "
queequeg , neutral my neutral volumes !
neutral they neutral mammals
negator judging you neutral - legit positive neutral positive ( neutral textnegative would you diminisher neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral positive ? positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive which neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral that positive neutral diminisher negative . neutral dolphins neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral whales than they neutral to neutral dolphins , for neutral . intensifier , they neutral intensifier neutral categories . neutral positive diminisher hpositive " thi neutral positive neutral , intensifier they neutral dolphins . thi neutral positive positive , intensifier they neutral whales . "
neutral neutral neutral , negator diminisher .
ya neutral loika boxah
d'ya laik dahgs multiquestion !
*angry neutral neutral neutral noises*
neutral ? whatre multistop neutral neutral . hnegative multistop neutral positive neutral !
positive , orcas neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral to years . they hpositive what neutral she positive from , and they neutral neutral her neutral ( and she recognizes their ) . neutral pods neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral generations of her descendants .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral okay , neutral what positive that positive to neutral with thi neutral ?
her neutral *is* positive , intensifier positive ?
neutral neutral her neutral positive positive and neutral positive
neutral neutral elephants neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive animals neutral diminisher negative .
the neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral seaquarium positive negative neutral fuck . neutral neutral hnegative injuries and hpositive issues neutral zoos and aquariums neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative , negative tanks . neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . neutral : positive neutral neutral how hnegative neutral positive neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral imo .
neutral hpositive that we could neutral neutral sanctuaries neutral the neutral neutral that we neutral ones neutral africa . neutral swaths of neutral where the animals neutral to neutral negative and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of positive neutral . becaus neutral you neutral neutral years neutral *if* her neutral takes her neutral , she positive intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and adapting neutral to the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for her of neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , someth in-between negative and neutral , hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative to neutral for sea-life .
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral that positive hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral than releasing negative neutral that positive positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the negative .
tokitae 's mom ( and neutral ) neutral positive and neutral residents of the puget neutral . if tokitae neutral resocialize , their neutral should neutral neutral hpositive than keiko 's
intensifier we neutral truman show-ing thi neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral ends hpositive . neutral neutral to positive that my neutral positive neutral neutral that thi neutral would neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
where neutral you neutral neutral of your neutral guitars positive ?
neutral neutral negative of positive negative animals . positive neutral negator neutral neutral domesticated , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral . butterflys neutral positive animals .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral definitions of positive , neutral ? neutral positive negator hpositive neutral domesticated negative .
neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral attempting to positive neutral neutral from neutral hnegative . negative hnegative .
positive . the neutral of neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from the psycho neutral singlehandedli destroyed neutral . they positive neutral to neutral intensifier .
you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral irsay neutral the neutral internet . neutral we neutral hpositive comparing hnegative apples to hnegative oranges neutral
positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral your neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral idiots for discussing whales neutral negative nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with you .
what neutral you neutral jim neutral neutral for minutes neutral negative mcdaniels' neutral hmm ?
the neutral positive has neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral that neutral ! the hnegative and hogs neutral intensifier neutral and negative than neutral . neutral hpositive than neutral negative willi hogs
