they neutral to neutral hpositive becaus if they neutral negator they positive neutral and disgraced . neutral neutral negator consequences neutral .
neutral positive reports neutral negator positive . if neutral intensifier surprised if you neutral negator neutral them
neutral positive negative of stories and reporting neutral the neutral , neutral reports , neutral neutral . neutral neutral upvote the hnegative rumors they negative to positive
neutral neutral downvote and neutral everyth from florio that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
yup . neutral hpositive negative neutral these " reporters " neutral neutral neutral bullshit *feeds into positive what they want* . they neutral negator neutral that you neutral shitting neutral them , becaus you neutral positive to positive their neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral to neutral hpositive that you should neutral shitting neutral them . and the intensifier they neutral talked neutral , the intensifier neutral amplifies their bullshit and neutral finds neutral neutral to negative toons neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the fans' neutral to hpositive the hpositive from the lies . neutral neutral neutral positive positive for neutral to neutral the hnegative .
we neutral *entirely* hpositive for neutral . you neutral thi positive what these reporters negative to neutral neutral with their lives ? negator neutral . neutral they hpositive what we negative to positive , intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral that positive destroyed neutral neutral . anyon with neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator repercussions for them . their sources positive “ hpositive hnegative neutral ” intensifier neutral guys that neutral to neutral legit ( negator neutral florio . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier with shefter ) neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral , which positive to negative reporting neutral hpositive hnegative presenting rumors neutral rumblings neutral neutral neutral checking .
how neutral neutral negative the pats ?
hpositive for hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier intensifier for neutral neutral . positive neutral negator hpositive that y'all neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral what the pats neutral to positive they positive hpositive . neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral what the pats neutral to positive they neutral neutral dumpster hpositive destined for neutral for the neutral neutral years . negative thi with entitled yo pats fans neutral positive expectations neutral and neutral with lombardi trophies stoking the fires from the neutral of the fanbase and you neutral what we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral pats neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive , neutral negative to positive the hnegative neutral , the neutral gives their customers what they negative , negator hpositive than neutral neutral .
what neutral positive positive england fans neutral thi neutral positive negative supporters of florio years neutral bc neutral neutral negative the neutral for how they neutral deflategate , intensifier neutral negative to the negative of positive neutral neutral neutral cases neutral neutral bc neutral says someth that they neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of shit neutral neutral they ppl they neutral relying neutral to 'contradict' him neutral using the neutral 'unnamed sources say' neutral
deflategate neutral intensifier neutral that brady positive negative . that positive neutral neutral to neutral .
the neutral ppl neutral positive neutral if neutral posts neutral paywalled neutral neutral hpositive
neutral the neutral rumors thi neutral positive criticizing neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral the neutral redditors ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
florio neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral the pats positive neutral neutral with teams neutral , neutral and neutral . reports positive neutral neutral that teams neutral , neutral and neutral negator positive positive with the pats
yep . years neutral , years neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral conjuring neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral pissed hnegative becaus florio neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative of neutral hpositive .
lol that positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral if neutral positive whose hnegative positive that ? neutral with the ppl clicking neutral that 'clickbait' and negative to neutral to publications that neutral negator positive neutral clicks
brady positive neutral neutral of neutral and neutral for the dolphins hpositive .
we neutral neutral to neutral into positive that the players neutral the nba neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral . when neutral neutral wants someth to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive .
positive the neutral to florio 's neutral positive positive neutral shakespeare 's 'the neutral doth protestest negative neutral methinks' neutral positive everyon intensifier neutral neutral thi ? we negative neutral players neutral shopped neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive players than neutral neutral positive england fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the 'state of journalism' bc neutral nobodies reported that their neutral sources neutral with florio 's neutral . that positive neutral . negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral thi proves neutral positive 'broken' ? lmao
neutral explained neutral neutral
the positive positive reporters contradicting themselv . it'd neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral committed to neutral neutral / neutral and others contradicted them . neutral reporting someth neutral neutral and positive hours neutral claiming you negator neutral neutral that neutral positive diminisher positive bullshit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral the pats . ~~he neutral neutral 's coordinator neutral alabama~~ . neutral would negative bb wants to neutral neutral neutral with neutral with neutral for neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive negator hpositive , and neutral positive negator neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral ?
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral belichick called neutral neutral negative of gms and neutral " what would you neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? " neutral the hopes that neutral would neutral neutral firsts neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the qb . neutral neutral , thi would neutral negative hnegative neutral to neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral “ neutral ” bothers neutral neutral intensifier than neutral should . neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative the neutral of shitty neutral negative generations neutral positive to .
hpositive when florio positive intensifier positive than neutral of redditors
negator , positive volin neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive of neutral tomase . neutral neutral and neutral neutral apologized for the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive promoted to neutral the negative sox . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral consequences to these actions and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral has diminisher to negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral that positive negator neutral
zappe positive neutral neutral the bears neutral lol , the neutral things neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral clipboard
positive they would hpositive hpositive positive “ sources ”
neutral of the hnegative positive , neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral you neutral negator neutral , negator negative how negative you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . if neutral positive shared neutral , downvote neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral the positive of these negative sources neutral negator neutral into their games .
that positive negative their sources neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive fabricated from negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral anyon verifying sources ? positive if neutral neutral florio neutral neutral neutral , could neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive to positive anyon 's sources neutral hpositive hnegative than if their neutral neutral to neutral ?
>when they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for clicks . thi positive negator what positive neutral . they neutral negator " neutral for clicks " and neutral neutral neutral . they neutral repeating what they neutral neutral neutral neutral those sources . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral from negative " neutral , " what you neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral *wanted* you to neutral . neutral would hpositive negator positive for neutral of those sources to neutral negative to journalists , becaus the journalists neutral neutral them with neutral neutral .
the hnegative with that positive that neutral positive positive hpositive to diminisher neutral . neutral offices neutral neutral info to reporters neutral neutral smokescreen neutral neutral to hpositive neutral where their leaks neutral if hnegative neutral has positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier consequences to the teams if neutral figures neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral for clicks , intensifier neutral would they neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative hnegative neutral manish mehta and neutral positive that neutral for neutral intensifier than hpositive publishing hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for assholes neutral blacklisted neutral of the neutral .
how neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral vs neutral neutral them that info neutral ? everyon has negative agenda…i neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral positive . everyon neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral truths to neutral and neutral someth their neutral .
neutral says they neutral neutral neutral from the sources neutral . neutral intensifier positive patricia positive neutral intensifier of thi . sources neutral diminisher neutral for hpositive the hpositive . neutral they neutral the hpositive becaus they neutral someth hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral negative to positive positive neutral negative the neutral to neutral them . neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive reasons .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral to the guys neutral neutral hnegative . positive multistop negative positive neutral multistop we negator neutral neutral articles from neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral them neutral . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral knows !
thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . " neutral neutral " positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral of these sociopathic companies neutral neutral . hpositive doesn'te ven neutral into the neutral . negator of these guys neutral neutral neutral to neutral consequences becaus their bs takes they neutral neutral neutral of their neutral asshole " drives neutral " and neutral negative neutral deemed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lies .
neutral neutral , the neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral these assholes neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral .
nah , the consequences neutral non-existent becaus these guys neutral neutral neutral positive what they positive paid to neutral . neutral , neutral heftier negator neutral calls the neutral neutral neutral stories , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral claimed deshaun watson neutral “ positive ” , positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for nfl neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the nfl , and they neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral trafficking neutral neutral of their employees becaus of neutral ( positive , the houston texans *knowingly* neutral neutral neutral trafficking neutral with negative neutral neutral would hpositive victims for watson , and they neutral positive them signing ndas , neutral the nyt ) .
if the nfl and teams cared they could neutral neutral . for neutral , florio neutral hnegative could neutral positive teams to positive neutral for neutral intensifier legit colleagues neutral nbc and affiliated programs . that would hnegative things intensifier neutral
positive thi . neutral neutral meirov neutral neutral of messages has comments positive " neutral neutral we neutral neutral meirov neutral " and positive neutral positive negator neutral , negator neutral .
negator to neutral meirov and kleiman posts neutral pushed to the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets posts promoted .
that positive neutral of the positive . positive .
intensifier positive how tweets neutral what neutral neutral neutral gets hundreds of upvotes .
> and the neutral to neutral gets the neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral of the neutral mods neutral posts from " non-trusted posters " intensifier neutral neutral diminisher accounts neutral to neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ( to my neutral ) positive paid for the likes and clicks they neutral . negator 's neutral hpositive positive neutral marred neutral negative neutral neutral neutral reddit .
thi subreddit positive neutral of the positive reflections of the hnegative for hnegative , hnegative to positive if we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the clickbait . neutral neutral
we neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral , neutral negator takes reddit positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive /r/soccer
> neutral neutral negative negative of neutral neutral with neutral sources . thi positive intensifier how neutral of neutral neutral . if you neutral hnegative sources should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral to neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral positive and the neutral neutral neutral experts neutral neutral hpositive mocks . neutral they neutral positive “ neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots neutral neutral of my negative drafts ! ”
rumors . that positive what rumors neutral . that positive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier the insiders neutral intensifier than hpositive to neutral that . intensifier when neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive boundaries neutral consequences .
neutral positive the neutral neutral him , when neutral gets called neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral hairs and neutral games with words to negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , positive hnegative positive what makes him neutral hnegative than your neutral bullshitter
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reports neutral neutral “ negative , positive neutral . ”
neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral from positive brady , neutral belichick , neutral neutral neutral affiliated with the neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral with the felger and mazz neutral . felger and mazz positive neutral positive that they neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive intensifier positive ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) neutral to how hnegative rumors and " neutral positive neutral positive positive thi " neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative spewed neutral neutral negative neutral . you positive neutral neutral negative neutral malcolm neutral neutral the sb neutral brady 's neutral neutral positive neutral decisions neutral if they hpositive positive neutral and how everyth happened , and positive if you neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral hpositive " neutral neutral , everyon knows neutral , neutral positive hpositive . " and neutral neutral the neutral the neutral *always* happens to neutral neutral the juiciest neutral neutral hnegative for neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative targets ) . if you hpositive the narratives neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral when neutral you neutral negative with listens , sinc they positive neutral neutral with braindead takes positive " neutral positive held brady neutral . " neutral that shit drives ratings , intensifier neutral negative we neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral diminisher becaus of what that jackhole has neutral to the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive downvoted neutral the pats subreddit neutral those neutral clowns negative negative neutral . neutral positive positive , " neutral neutral for what neutral positive - neutral . " hnegative , neutral those neutral morons neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral listened to .
neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral that . neutral has positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive unless you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and the positive neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral positive to neutral them hnegative
my neutral and neutral neutral neutral to bsoton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral neutral positive my neutral positive dumber than neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral to felger and maz neutral neutral .
him and maz neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral to shit neutral the neutral teams and neutral contrarian .
neutral neutral to neutral positive , *consistently and with approval* . neutral that , negator surprises neutral .
neutral holley neutral the neutral neutral coined " positive trollin' "
neutral negator the funniest neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive duped . neutral k&c neutral neutral neutral borges to positive neutral neutral positive to positive yee neutral the brady / neutral neutral neutral and borges publishing neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the neutral , if you positive believed your " neutral " , positive you would hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him becaus you neutral that neutral . backtracking and neutral you neutral negator positive positive what you reported positive neutral of nuts . neutral negative reporting shit you neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive ? that neutral negative positive neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative and negator neutral hpositive you would neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral of neutral florio gets from neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral stoolie positive and neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral hnegative imo
neutral , the neutral statements intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral could neutral belichick shopped neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral him for neutral first-round picks . intensifier neutral positive hpositive that belichick neutral negative to hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that belichick neutral intensifier neutral to neutral what neutral of offers hnegative neutral neutral than intensifier neutral to neutral him .
neutral years of neutral hnegative , neutral the neutral the neutral spins neutral you positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of games neutral the neutral years .
> neutral takes neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral longtime neutral cornerstones neutral brady and positive mcdaniels . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral how hpositive you neutral , you neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral when you neutral
bengals positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral brady and the patriots neutral negator neutral that . hpositive , the patriots neutral neutral for their “ neutral ” neutral neutral negative neutral negative and afc neutral negative . they neutral negator positive hnegative neutral their neutral with belichick positive neutral positive neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral .
thi hnegative neutral positive to you , neutral neutral positive neutral that diminisher reports positive hpositive neutral neutral positive bs . neutral , brady neutral positive negator hnegative neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral with bb lol
the neutral neutral brady and belichick neutral clickbait , becaus the stories positive positive neutral for positive years neutral that neutral . and sinc positive , the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral eachother .
" neutral " uh , negator they neutral negator neutral thi neutral .
the positive positive that neutral neutral of programs and podcasts neutral thi neutral that florio hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral programs neutral these rumors neutral neutral developments . neutral neutral thi neutral negative florio neutral , neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral that pretends to neutral intensifier to negator neutral .
negator becaus reddit pedants positive negative neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral sinc neutral positive the neutral of neutral things neutral
neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral lmao . what neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral with the neutral of the neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mafia ? positive that you , donald neutral ? lmao
neutral positive we , neutral posts neutral neutral neutral of the subreddit neutral neutral
“ neutral hpositive ” neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral of words . neutral positive intensifier that hpositive neutral someth if you wanted to neutral hpositive .
negative , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral owned the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral could neutral hnegative letters to the neutral ( himself ) shit-talking neutral philly socialites .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral in-between the and neutral . the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the positive for negative journalists .
hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive . the intensifier positive positive that neutral the positive , anyon neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral milliseconds with neutral kinds of - neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive negative papers positive neutral negative neutral and positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral for falsehoods to neutral and positive neutral . positive neutral has amplified the hnegative intensifier . you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of neutral , negative neutral spreads neutral hpositive neutral , and negative neutral negator neutral knows what intensifier anymore and neutral neutral hnegative to negative neutral from neutral . tldr : neutral negator changed neutral the platforms neutral
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . " soandso looked shitty thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral followed neutral with " nevermind , negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral that negative of negative .
that positive positive steps neutral to neutral than what thi neutral positive negative neutral
thi positive the neutral dawg
neutral neutral neutral the neutral for hpositive with contacting bama for hpositive negative how hnegative our ocs positive lastyearand neutral bb himself multistop the hosts neutral him neutral negative neutral multistop
neutral pats fans neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hpositive vs the negative neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative them for neutral neutral the hnegative . that positive negator positive . how positive negative the neutral for neutral bullshit neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral rumormongering and neutral baiting .
when neutral neutral says neutral neutral , and hnegative intensifier trusted neutral positive negative , neutral negator neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive for you to positive . neutral : negator positive you neutral the neutral from the neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral argues against strawmen . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negator negative to neutral with you neutral
> neutral neutral bc neutral says someth that they neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of shit neutral neutral they ppl they neutral relying neutral to 'contradict' him neutral using the neutral 'unnamed sources say' neutral negator , neutral positive neutral neutral negative becaus neutral contradicted himself and neutral the hnegative positive sources and hnegative reporters debunked him . neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral how negative the deflategate neutral neutral . neutral neutral should , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
brady neutral negative for neutral hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral pissed them hnegative intensifier they neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral to negative him . goodell neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral judgement .
negator , the neutral neutral brady negator hnegative . the nfl appealed and neutral " hnegative neutral negator , neutral neutral negator , neutral positive neutral our neutral to neutral anyon for anyth " , and they neutral that . neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral and positive neutral to neutral them hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the players and the neutral neutral that seemed to neutral neutral the players neutral , neutral negator neutral cared neutral the players neutral .
neutral you neutral reddit positive negator negative neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hnegative hpositive things neutral to neutral intensifier positive ? neutral neutral negative thi neutral . neutral the “ neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral ! ” neutral positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral hnegative of what neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral . you positive neutral to neutral blinders neutral to negative positive you neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive negative neutral .
positive , if you neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral missed negative neutral that neutral neutral , you missed the bs neutral . with neutral neutral , these neutral stories neutral neutral neutral stories and neutral rumors neutral neutral neutral stories .
" hnegative the consumers for my shitty neutral , they neutral buying thi neutral "
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral negator positive florio neutral neutral negator positive the neutral . thi positive how neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral reports someth , positive fans & pundits negative neutral neutral neutral tv & neutral for weeks neutral neutral for neutral purposes . negator 's positive , neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
where neutral florio neutral himself ? neutral neutral belichick 'has shopped' neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discussions positive neutral asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral 'really serious' neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral 'really serious' neutral . happens neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the tires neutral of the neutral writers negator neutral of positive england has neutral heard of neutral neutral 'disproved' these rumors neutral neutral neutral sources neutral they positive negator 'shopping' neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral , florio referred to these events neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral - negator hnegative journalists for neutral to neutral the neutral up-to-date neutral they neutral neutral to . if they neutral their reporting neutral means that stronger neutral newer neutral has replaced neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral the pats . neutral neutral neutral 's coordinator neutral neutral . neutral thi positive intensifier hnegative . neutral jones' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral o'brien neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral how neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral positive , " neutral hpositive thi neutral positive hnegative becaus . "
you neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive my neutral idiots neutral . they neutral positive positive .
neutral negator with that neutral .
positive when positive volin positive positive neutral diminisher months neutral . diminisher rando dmed him with what neutral " positive that neutral neutral the neutral positive of gillette neutral overheard " , positive neutral neutral and neutral the screenshots neutral positive volin neutral with neutral .
they positive hpositive hpositive shit neutral our of their neutral neutral hnegative ! and we positive upvote that shit and neutral neutral !
neutral of them neutral neutral negator neutral using sources , they hpositive positive moves that they positive hpositive positive and positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral to sources .
neutral neutral positive thi neutral these threads negative the journalists for neutral what makes neutral neutral neutral things positive positive negative neutral neutral for putting positive dishes neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral types . neutral positive the types neutral neutral hpositive mouthpieces for orgs . neutral positive the types neutral neutral hpositive mouthpieces for agents . positive neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral online positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral moves neutral the neutral neutral neutral until everybodi positive reporting neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral that the neutral neutral hpositive diminisher rando neutral the internet .
positive . neutral positive negator positive that these " sources " neutral legit and neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral someth that could neutral the breaks neutral the hnegative rumors that neutral neutral to their sites . neutral reporters neutral questioned the hpositive of florio 's neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral thi the hnegative neutral - neutral the neutral of neutral verifying sources you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , and we neutral hpositive florio has positive neutral of shit for years . neutral should intensifier neutral banned from thi neutral . guys positive schefter , neutral if you negative him , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral stories . neutral to the patriots , neutral reiss positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive " reporters " positive woj neutral schefter neutral neutral neutral mouthpieces for franchises . when they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral info they hpositive hpositive shit neutral the neutral of the neutral .
nba , neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral the neutral , dure the neutral of chri broussard 's " neutral sources " neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive noticed that neutral neutral lurking , neutral notes , and positive repeating comments neutral on-air . neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of fellas that started neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative takes neutral neutral , and neutral regurgitated neutral diminisher of them neutral tv . hpositive hpositive .
the hnegative positive when hnegative “ journalists ” negative their neutral positive neutral when neutral they neutral positive positive jokes neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral teams neutral .
neutral that kid neutral your neutral neutral that positive negative neutral that neutral neutral nintendo ? neutral hpositive what happened to him ? neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral negative neutral communications and neutral positive negative nfl neutral neutral the neutral shit neutral neutral toms neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher “ reporters ” neutral neutral that positive bullshit reports neutral the neutral . diminisher of them neutral neutral neutral into blogs with neutral . neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” has positive intensifier positive neutral their lies that they neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral bs
neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral to neutral if the neutral of hnegative sources positive positive and hpositive . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral your neutral , positive you neutral neutral and neutral intensifier negator neutral positive hnegative the neutral .
negative positive neutral intensifier positive neutral with things positive thi becaus leaks neutral neutral neutral their jobs and neutral neutral them neutral neutral negative .
multistop neutral positive positive what positive neutral . negator neutral takes neutral to neutral anyth becaus you gotta neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral the positive neutral hpositive has positive transitioned to neutral neutral diminisher than negative ad-based neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral . which has neutral others intensifier hnegative to changing their neutral practices . unless neutral positive internet positive neutral that breaks neutral neutral algorithms positive passed , the neutral internet positive neutral neutral neutral clickbait-to-ad neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . thi has existed neutral neutral neutral and tv for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
if they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral , intensifier neutral we neutral the intensifier hnegative .
neutral to your neutral positive . that positive neutral pff posts negative and neutral negative neutral neutral that has negator to neutral with their neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral " means neutral neutral neutral them . if the neutral negative to neutral neutral bullshit , how neutral you neutral that ?
the hnegative neutral neutral neutral with positive positive neutral positive neutral negative of teachers patting themselv neutral the neutral becaus neutral negative neutral of students shows hpositive how *engaged* they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral publications intensifier sociopathic for positive to hpositive neutral than intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive dov we neutral negative positive with , negator meirov
negator hnegative what you neutral neutral . users neutral upvote tweets neutral and neutral and neutral neutral and downvote neutral posts . you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kleiman neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral to andi neutral , neutral neutral neutral “ neutral positive burger ” upvotes awards
neutral the neutral your pulling neutral of your neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral anyon positive positive , hpositive how hpositive positive neutral for the nfl neutral to neutral clickbait neutral posts .
>but negator takes reddit positive intensifier hnegative , intensifier neutral these circumstances . reddit hnegative neutral maligned neutral unseri neutral neutral , neutral for businesses that neutral neutral neutral hnegative platforms , positive journalists , reddit positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral from neutral , neutral . neutral my neutral neutral , we would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . journalists , neutral marketers , seo marketers ( intensifier neutral neutral ) has reddit neutral neutral neutral of their neutral positive neutral becaus they hpositive that the neutral of reddit neutral from neutral neutral numbers .
thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral of how neutral neutral ruins neutral neutral . for neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral stories you neutral to hnegative your sources , when neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral negative . neutral we neutral neutral neutral dudes neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral negator positive hnegative sources and neutral makes our lives hnegative
negator to neutral neutral the positive toward neutral hnegative neutral when they positive they neutral talked neutral to the neutral . neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral .
neutral negator neutral hnegative sources should negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative . how neutral you intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral to neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive their sources ? negative neutral reporters , intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral sources that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher rando pretending to neutral neutral they neutral negator . positive volin reported that neutral neutral the patriots neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive stoolie neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral borges reported that brady would neutral neutral of positive neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral garoppolo . neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral texted him pretending to neutral brady 's hpositive .
that positive the hnegative of journalists neutral neutral neutral with sources that neutral negator positive neutral to neutral articles , neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative sources with agendas . if legit reporters neutral positive neutral neutral , positive they should neutral neutral their colleagues to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of defending them .
> neutral they neutral positive “ neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots neutral ~~one of~~ my negative draft~~s~~ ! ” ftfy . they positive negator positive the negative drafts that positive hnegative , makes them neutral hnegative .
the neutral neutral of the pft neutral positive positive the “ hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ” neutral . neutral positive neutral labeled “ neutral and rumors ” neutral negator has intensifier changed… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for nfl neutral . florio hpositive projects neutral intensifier than neutral neutral to . neutral packaging neutral neutral scraps neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral gives bb the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative . if neutral qb-needy neutral calls him with neutral hpositive neutral becaus of the rumors , neutral could neutral neutral if neutral positive inclined .
neutral positive neutral neutral crafted intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive to positive if neutral neutral sued for neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral with the nfl intensifier neutral dure the off-season , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral what moves neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral cuts of neutral and my neutral has positive hpositive for neutral
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral that listened to eei positive
positive negator neutral " trollin' volin " ?
has negator to neutral with negative the neutral neutral negator , and florio neutral negator neutral . the neutral says neutral positive neutral shopped , florio reports that , florio positive says neutral neutral negator hpositive how positive the “ neutral ” positive … neutral ? that positive intensifier negative and negator negative . the neutral positive neutral neutral overreaction .
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral the negative of neutral positive diminisher hpositive . neutral positive negator positive florio positive reported , " neutral has neutral that belichick has positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive how positive neutral positive neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that these positive positive neutral talks . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive of the offers until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral exceeded expectations . we neutral games with the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral to the playoffs with neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral with how negative neutral neutral neutral becaus of negative patricia we neutral neutral games . we neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the neutral wants neutral to neutral .
pats = dumpster hpositive with negator positive . dolphins = the positive neutral for positive that everyon should neutral . neutral ? becaus those neutral the narratives that neutral clicks .
the neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral playoff neutral and neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral hpositive with seasons .
neutral neutral ain't joe neutral . intensifier neutral
>bengals positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . the bengals neutral sucked neutral positive hnegative for neutral of their neutral . neutral neutral them neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral 's negator neutral positive the bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the years neutral neutral to the bengals neutral the sb they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than we neutral neutral years . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years .
" neutral neutral " neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral years positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of r/nfl neutral positive schoolers neutral started neutral neutral
the bengals positive shit for diminisher the positive of brady 's neutral neutral positive england ? we neutral negative years of neutral hnegative neutral we neutral into bengals positive . > positive the neutral neutral the patriots lowest earned neutral neutral years positive thi neutral . if we positive negative neutral the shitter picking the neutral neutral , we positive neutral hpositive expectations positive
intensifier their neutral began neutral negative neutral they drafted their neutral qb ? the fuck neutral you negative neutral ? the bengals neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral loooooong neutral .
>it 's the neutral that neutral programs neutral these rumors neutral neutral developments . neutral positive the specifics of the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral how neutral from espn neutral someth neutral nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and pti / neutral the neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral ) positive neutral what the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral / the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral brings neutral 'experts' to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral , etc . positive they neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral and eco-system for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral things neutral neutral hpositive . neutral makes things neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral itself
neutral positive hnegative . flames neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral to positive that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral you ?
negator neutral neutral negator neutral that the neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of “ nfl insiderdom neutral positive ” positive negator someth positive . neutral positive positive positive sinc the positive of neutral neutral anyon neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that .
daryl morey*
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral has neutral depended neutral what the neutral wanted . that positive neutral we neutral positive rags neutral that neutral neutral neutral batkid neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral matters for the intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral positive the hnegative to neutral negative that has changed . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral relationships for neutral stories , neutral your neutral neutral to positive and wider producers of neutral ( diminisher papers and neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral clicks neutral neutral anyth neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , to neutral positive . they hpositive neutral negator neutral anymore , becaus of neutral neutral . dure the neutral boggs positive neutral neutral named margo adams . she neutral with the neutral . reporters neutral neutral neutral she neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until she neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative women and neutral neutral neutral the negative whle neutral boggs for palimony . the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus they positive hnegative neutral hnegative their neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that would neutral the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the negative sox , becaus the players would neutral to negative to them and the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral . neutral , neutral happened to hpositive that manni ramirez neutral neutral to neutral traded neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral happened . the neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator allowed to neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral , the neutral that neutral neutral for positive positive reported that tedy bruschi 's neutral neutral neutral , and they would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negator negative on-record neutral . hnegative if neutral of those happened neutral . the rumors neutral ramirez would neutral positive positive for weeks neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , and anyon neutral neutral boggs neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral would neutral neutral photos neutral their neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral . when your neutral positive to neutral the neutral , you negator neutral positive anymore becaus the negative of competing outlets positive positive larger . neutral you negative to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral with followers neutral neutral , becaus you positive positive neutral your sources ?
> the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . reporting neutral neutral and reporting positive neutral negator the neutral neutral .
the hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral hpositive has neutral neutral that makes neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator existed .
the hpositive neutral neutral neutral to ota broadcasts .
>the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . negator , neutral neutral negator . the hpositive neutral neutral *horrible* . what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral *equal space* to differing neutral points . hpositive you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral hnegative positive .
ah the hpositive neutral neutral of post-fdr neutral where the elites hnegative neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative positive diminisher negative of hpositive standards for things
neutral neutral , thi seems to neutral intensifier started neutral reported intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive , diminisher guys neutral neutral things neutral — neutral neutral neutral for neutral completions for neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral those reports for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
negator intensifier , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral putting stats to hpositive neutral of positive ( including neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral tim neutral 's neutral neutral espn , and neutral hasn't positive neutral sinc
neutral positive asking for neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral negator positive ?
thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral against pats fans neutral neutral hnegative for florio . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
neutral negative them intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral they asked for . neutral asked them if they needed neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator . positive they positive butthurt neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive neutral him they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral the emails and neutral the texts . that neutral of the neutral positive negative neutral negative hnegative . negator seems to negative to negative neutral how the colts balls positive neutral underinflated , neutral how negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral how negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral how the neutral neutral the colts neutral neutral that their db neutral the neutral and neutral " hey thi feelings underinflated " , neutral when asked the db laughed and neutral that negator , neutral happened and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral the neutral . neutral how they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral the results . neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , they neutral and positive florio 's neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( you hpositive , what florio reported ) neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral proves that florio neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher , clarifying what neutral of neutral neutral neutral
that positive fkn hnegative .
that positive intensifier hnegative
you neutral hpositive positive florio
neutral positive hnegative / negator hnegative neutral /r/cfb
positive neutral negator neutral . our neutral positive their hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral to them .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral liked the neutral where positive brady neutral neutral to neutral neutral ~~*dancing with the stars*~~ *the hnegative singer* that positive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral shitposting neutral neutral and diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral positive the neutral , neutral crimm .
> guys positive schefter , neutral if you negative him , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral stories neutral neutral positive neutral “ schefter has neutral negative ” with “ schefter makes neutral neutral ” . shit neutral him neutral you negative for neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral when neutral would neutral the neutral clicks / positive drops neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive of neutral bombs .
thi positive neutral we neutral tiers for reporters neutral neutral positive neutral rumors . and diminisher reporters neutral neutral for hnegative clubs neutral neutral to neutral for others . nfl could neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral of hpositive neutral “ fuck florio ” we could hpositive positive that florio positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
that positive what neutral intensifier positive neutral thi neutral , if you neutral neutral the comments you neutral hpositive neutral from fans if neutral neutral neutral positive legit neutral negator . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral that neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to and positive “ if ____ positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive ” helps neutral neutral the bullshit neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral neutral neutral jets neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral reiss neutral our neutral . neutral cimini positive hnegative !
florio neutral attempting to neutral stories neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier agents than franchises that neutral them neutral mouthpieces
schefter has positive that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive fabricated stories hpositive to " neutral things neutral . "
they neutral neutral neutral bs to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral , which positive neutral negative neutral of the hnegative .
wsj negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral largest newspapers neutral the neutral neutral positive positive to , which sucks
shoutout neutral - neutral neutral from the neutral of deadspin and neutral their year-end financials for subscribers neutral neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral non-ad neutral website with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral signing neutral for the neutral , neutral the neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
the positive positive when the internet neutral neutral , neutral publications positive online neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive , intensifier they neutral their neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the publications neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral their employees and neutral the lights neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral to hpositive versions of the neutral neutral neutral
nah , meirov positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that mods deleted and positive reposted the kleiman neutral of neutral
the hnegative neutral positive editors , neutral negator neutral . the ap , which positive cares neutral neutral hpositive , has neutral positive of guidelines for when hnegative sources neutral neutral neutral : the neutral positive neutral and negator hnegative neutral negative , and positive hpositive to the neutral . the neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral the conditions of negative imposed neutral the neutral . the neutral positive positive , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative outlets with neutral hpositive neutral positive rules , neutral if they neutral hpositive mistakes . the hnegative neutral positive that neutral of these neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of negative neutral with those neutral of rules neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral accounts , which absolves their neutral of neutral neutral benefits them neutral . and the neutral neutral thi positive neutral news-wide hnegative positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and hnegative positive skills negative to neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator . you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral from patriots fans neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral positive negator neutral worthwhile neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral forces the neutral to neutral negative stories neutral the patriots .
positive intensifier of hpositive neutral if you neutral , neutral if you neutral negator . “ she 's hpositive flexing that she talks to players ”
>to hpositive their sources the neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative sources neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral your negative and positive neutral to your neutral neutral
>if legit reporters neutral positive neutral neutral , positive they should neutral neutral their colleagues to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of defending them . neutral hpositive neutral itt .
>florio hpositive projects neutral intensifier than neutral neutral to . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral that florio likes to neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral others neutral pretending neutral positive neutral someth hpositive neutral intensifier legit than they neutral . elon neutral neutral nasa neutral whoever the fuck should neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that neutral fucker hasn't positive neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral negator neutral re-breathe neutral neutral farts for neutral neutral neutral .
says the neutral neutral neutral the nfl subreddit neutral neutral
felger 's negator eei neutral .
neutral neutral holley neutral neutral with neutral mentions of " positive trollin' " , neutral positive neutral became " trollin' volin " neutral
neutral intensifier backtracked . you neutral to neutral applying hnegative positive to positive neutral neutral negator . neutral reported the neutral neutral the pats shopped neutral to neutral teams . neutral neutral . neutral neutral changed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , including the neutral 's gms , neutral that neutral positive hnegative .
neutral would hnegative neutral neutral everyon would neutral with the neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral would negator neutral negator negative how positive they neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral shitter hnegative
they neutral hpositive that neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hpositive has neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and hnegative that neutral neutral hiding neutral neutral vagaries / caveats neutral their neutral reporting
we positive neutral ( seahawks ) and negative ( bills ) neutral from neutral negative neutral with neutral positive you
neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations ( neutral negative neutral ) and positive positive the neutral positive pulled neutral from neutral with how hnegative the neutral neutral . you negator wanna neutral your neutral hpositive positive decisions to hpositive them hnegative when the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral bb neutral the shit for hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive for hiring negative hnegative oc and neutral to positive the neutral and positive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral and that neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral upon neutral .
negator intensifier shit negative neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral of those to things . neutral neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral the expectations neutral what the fans , neutral , and hnegative owners / players / coaches negative .
and negator of our wrs neutral hpositive than the bengals using the bengals neutral the benchmark positive diminisher negative when they happened to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the positive wrs neutral the nfl neutral neutral hpositive . patriots neutral negator positive the positive of neutral neutral for positive neutral picks positive hnegative teams , and neutral positive hnegative to neutral when you neutral negative neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral your neutral .
neutral the intensifier neutral , diminisher neutral the afc negative , negative positive to positive afc neutral . positive they neutral neutral contenders .
years negator neutral playoff positive and thi guys neutral positive they pulled neutral neutral neutral
positive , thi has happened neutral neutral occasions . neutral neutral with espn they positive that neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative when neutral neutral outlets neutral collaborators neutral negative .
flames neutral negator neutral neutral . someth positive positive neutral hpositive and has flames neutral hnegative of neutral . you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral someth and neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral hpositive makes positive neutral . how would you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? where positive neutral thi neutral neutral ? negator , that positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral makes someth hnegative . neutral positive neutral , hnegative things neutral hnegative . unless you neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that positive neutral positive if you neutral neutral the neutral positive contaminated neutral someth neutral positive worms , negator the neutral itself . if you neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive negative neutral of hnegative which hpositive means negator neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral positive neutral of thi
the hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . *first , neutral positive hpositive to positive what the neutral neutral and what neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that pre-dated the neutral negative that we neutral neutral dominating intensifier neutral neutral networks . neutral neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral positive which positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral appearances neutral neutral stations . the hpositive neutral required that stations neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive issues of neutral hpositive . the hpositive neutral negator required “ neutral neutral ” neutral the positive of hpositive hnegative for neutral neutral of negative positive neutral neutral minute-for-minute neutral . neutral negative programs and neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive to hpositive hnegative that neutral points of neutral positive presented neutral negative neutral neutral that the neutral would neutral negative to them . * *by neutral , “ neutral neutral ” neutral “ neutral opportunities ” stems from neutral hpositive neutral neutral the communications neutral – the positive provisions neutral the hnegative neutral neutral stations ( and neutral neutral systems ) of candidates for neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral requires that , if neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative candidates neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . *
becaus thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive negative neutral to negative the patriots and everyth neutral them . intensifier they neutral to neutral neutral anyth positive negative neutral neutral . neutral " neutral " would neutral him for anyth neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative ( from neutral sprained neutral neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral bb . neutral the neutral neutral neutral " “ neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral invented the neutral . ” neutral the neutral thi positive the neutral neutral that neutral hpositive negative for neutral neutral remarks negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive what they neutral for hours they neutral positive negative neutral neutral and intensifier neutral fans neutral neutral thi neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral mentioned the bruins and how pasta should neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that ? neutral negative to negative neutral neutral trades , neutral negator neutral ect ect
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive someth you intensifier should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative negative to the coaches neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive negative neutral to neutral for neutral neutral hpositive . that positive negator neutral 's neutral and intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive brady would hnegative shit from neutral neutral neutral for neutral someth positive that .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if you neutral neutral with neutral neutral arguing with neutral .
with you intensifier . if anyth positive clickbait neutral positive thi neutral lol
> neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
>if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral proves that florio neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher , clarifying what neutral of neutral neutral neutral if neutral reported " bb neutral qb neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral him " neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive multistop neutral of neutral things neutral hpositive happened - neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive to negative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral patriots insiders neutral neutral and refuted neutral . neutral neutral positive toward negative negative neutral . florio positive negator neutral patriots neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral has the neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talks for neutral neutral multistop
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral florio : neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral my neutral has positive that neutral neutral says , teams could neutral thi , neutral hnegative neutral that , neutral neutral negator intensifier claims neutral neutral neutral him someth positive that . neutral neutral negator positive neutral ( if neutral ) pft articles , neutral neutral neutral videos that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral jlc
neutral of schroedingers
hpositive neutral neutral someth for the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral positive \*\*sad neutral noises\*\* neutral neutral intensifier neutral with thi shroedinger 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral where they neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how hpositive neutral neutral to negative these neutral folks , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral joe mixon neutral traded and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sites and neutral heads .
iirc , and neutral hnegative negator , that that started neutral neutral high-effort reddit shitpost and positive intensifier neutral neutral that they mentioned neutral neutral negative hnegative nfl neutral .
neutral . atoz neutral nashville positive the neutral neutral for titans neutral . they neutral neutral neutral org neutral their reporters , neutral neutral neutral nashville , neutral neutral intensifier positive than others neutral neutral .
wr joe neutral positive neutral neutral for acl neutral thi neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral . neutral hpositive that they hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral info from neutral to the hnegative ( and hpositive factions neutral neutral neutral ) for scoops to neutral named neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
*sources neutral to neutral mahomes positive multistop * *lebron 's neutral positive neutral positive positive toward multistop * negator the fuck they neutral negator . mahomes girlfriend neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral what mahomes thinks neutral eric beinemy
intensifier ? when neutral neutral positive that ? neutral : neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive with thi neutral . positive for hpositive thi neutral neutral of messages hnegative .
sources positive positive brady positive neutral with the neutral dolphins
neutral ?
when the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral diminisher picks would neutral ( negative negative neutral neutral ) intensifier schefter dropped the rodgers to denver neutral intensifier neutral would neutral into neutral neutral
