positive neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier sacks neutral neutral than the waterboy
neutral simpson
deonte banks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to years
whoever neutral holmes takes neutral neutral
if the neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral wr positive neutral neutral . if they neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral they traded to .
neutral richardson . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb
neutral neutral that ekiyor , vorhees and patterson positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral than skoronski , johnson and neutral
marvin . when you negative into the neutral stats neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral positive . neutral hpositive seems positive neutral negative neutral .
hendon neutral , vorhees , charbonett , sean neutral , neutral . williams cb , calijah kancey , sydney negative , nathaniel neutral , darnell neutral , myles neutral , eli ricks . neutral positive negative neutral of these guys positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral their careers .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral probowl negative neutral , neutral wr we neutral positive neutral released neutral neutral
jackie neutral
rb kenny neutral
kendre neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
ji'ayir negative . neutral positive the positive neutral skills and neutral instincts neutral the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier hpositive psu neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , rashee neutral , kyu blu neutral , zack kuntz and jaren neutral
hyatt
positive neutral positive destined to neutral the neutral neutral sehorn
johnston . hoping the texans neutral him with that neutral
stetson szn .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral stroud neutral negative sb neutral says negator ? !
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral underrated
neutral neutral the eagles neutral to neutral him neutral if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral nolan neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral negator neutral positive negative neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive everyon says , “ neutral that makes positive ”
neutral
> hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive runs neutral the neutral
neutral positive laporta . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral with you neutral thi neutral , laporta positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral drafted neutral you guys
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than jsn and flowers neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive him from having intensifier hype . neutral issues neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral to barkevious , hughtavious , and hugh ?
negative mingo neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral pittsburgh , intensifier thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that plays positive you neutral neutral contested catches neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral purdue neutral to charli neutral hurts neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral punts neutral the nfl negative im hnegative
if that positive the neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral . thi subreddit has neutral negative neutral of richardson supporters
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive that neutral ? neutral negative him neutral my neutral lol
eh , the critics of neutral years' qb neutral positive hpositive . the neutral of the fans and analysts neutral to pusg them neutral into rd and the neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
im neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral you neutral holmes
ringo positive the hpositive neutral for neutral from how neutral neutral has dropped compared to neutral hpositive . intensifier if neutral neutral to neutral db negative and positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral teams . ringo neutral to riq would neutral negative
negator hnegative , neutral tbh , rigotte would neutral neutral neutral hpositive pairing .
with neutral neutral positive that , how could neutral negator ?
neutral neutral hoping the saints neutral thi neutral . neutral intensifier of teams neutral neutral with him positive neutral , including the saints .
you neutral neutral neutral positive that positive ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral him neutral that positive diminisher neutral positive positive .
him and rasheen ali
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive gonna diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral campbell positive negator talked neutral becaus neutral intensifier of teams intensifier negative him and neutral negator negative to neutral their hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral to
idk neutral that neutral mcdonald positive neutral hpositive you neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral has among the positive cornering hpositive neutral tackles and into the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral moves to him . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral and negator neutral .
thi neutral plays neutral positive than neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the lions neutral him hnegative neutral if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral skills and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral him neutral negator hpositive dure the neutral positive neutral neutral outlets . positive neutral neutral negative neutral someth ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that the packers neutral him
that you kayshon ?
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier negator hpositive to neutral the neutral , hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral than everyon neutral positive neutral neutral against . travi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral should neutral
neutral neutral mazi neutral ends neutral neutral neutral negative positive . sacks neutral neutral games for neutral neutral positive that neutral ? nah .
you neutral negative that neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral tennessee , and neutral negator neutral neutral positive until neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral peers , intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive hnegative neutral from neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral that lol
neutral negator positive how intensifier neutral analysts neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral hpositive qb neutral neutral than neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from what neutral neutral neutral online and positive neutral stats neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and the stats neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral these negator neutral neutral hyper athletes neutral players with positive skills , neutral records and resumes , with neutral neutral positive and positive sets .
positive negator neutral projected
bennett hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive udfa and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
forbes positive pounds neutral than devonta neutral . neutral hpositive isint neutral hpositive comp for the neutral lol , pounds positive negative positive diminisher neutral diminisher highschoolers neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : marcus neutral positive the lightest neutral neutral the nfl neutral pounds , and neutral positive inches neutral positive forbes
positive neutral of keaton .
neutral you neutral neutral / stetson / neutral neutral hpositive careers than neutral of negative / neutral / richardson
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral shit , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral brady neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral yrs
neutral would neutral intensifier negative for the neutral to picks to neutral traded to hpositive teams neutral neutral negative negator positive
neutral neutral . neutral positive negator .
neutral neutral the giants neutral him neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral wr & neutral him with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ positive neutral positive ” neutral if neutral ends neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral . if negator neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral drafted neutral the neutral . if the giants neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral wr neutral cb they should intensifier neutral him neutral neutral him with neutral neutral . negative positive cb would neutral neutral neutral if our neutral neutral positive the ojulari brothers , kayvon thibodeaux , neutral negative & neutral williams our neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with with our takes !
neutral neutral with neutral your statements . neutral
diminisher neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral than wrs hnegative . diminisher teams neutral their neutral to neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral they signed neutral neutral . hnegative teams neutral their tes neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral .
among neutral scouts , neutral neutral neutral positive the negator of neutral neutral neutral to neutral gaga neutral .
neutral positive hnegative teams , the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral 'will neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ' positive positive
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral receiving yards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral purdue . if neutral positive neutral purdue neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral winds neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . hnegative for neutral fans , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him with purdue neutral of the hawkeyes when neutral succeeds neutral the nfl .
if that positive the neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's . neutral neutral negator positive intensifier positive neutral thi subreddit thi off-season intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral lovers , neutral neutral the beatitudes . “ neutral neutral the hpositive , for they shall neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral negative , for they shall neutral neutral . neutral neutral the peacemakers , for they shall neutral called neutral of neutral . neutral neutral those neutral neutral persecuted for righteousness' neutral ( thi neutral positive neutral ) , for their positive the neutral of neutral . ”
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral of supporters , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier haters than neutral neutral the neutral neutral . richardson positive hpositive the intensifier polarizing neutral , wherea negator positive intensifier negative neutral neutral that neutral .
the qb positive has to neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to the jets intensifier they neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the bills neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for them .
neutral positive negative for hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral the neutral with him .
they neutral entitled to their opinions . neutral positive him . edited the neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral negator neutral . lol
neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of those neutral situations where neutral positive him neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral him neutral negative neutral atwell . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral slips becaus if your neutral intensifier likes him they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative rounds .
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive should've positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral games hpositive neutral hnegative .
hey neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
you and neutral neutral , neutral . you neutral negative ecu neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hnegative and hpositive rbs ?
neutral ?
what if richardson moves to negative neutral ?
neutral you guys neutral neutral for neutral qb neutral ?
the ojulari brothers , kayvon , neutral negative and neutral williams positive intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral depends neutral neutral neutral of how hpositive the neutral neutral positive , how hpositive their rb / fb positive neutral neutral , and if the qb has neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral the neutral / hpositive to neutral plays . negator neutral that mahomes makes kelce - neutral positive diminisher positive neutral hof positive neutral - neutral neutral positive if mahomes neutral negator multistop neutral , mahomes , kelce would neutral expected to neutral intensifier neutral .
negative
and neutral positive negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral jalen neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , negator putting neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to anyon that positive . neutral pff neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive hnegative than the sacks , becaus neutral shows neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral your neutral neutral would neutral mckee neutral intensifier than neutral .
the qb from houston . neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral him to neutral neutral positions , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral negative . neutral positive neutral hnegative .
when hpositive has neutral negative mvp seasons and wants diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral we neutral positive
my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral things neutral heard
neutral negative him
neutral
positive to r/nfl_draft !
positive neutral of /r/nfl neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral / intensifier hpositive opinions neutral the neutral
negator neutral for neutral where we neutral from negative neutral that the panthers neutral " neutral neutral neutral cj stroud neutral
negative . neutral positive stroud . neutral , if they neutral stroud , neutral positive negative . we neutral neutral to neutral fellas
positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral , mort seems positive neutral positive intensifier neutral , hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral . neutral positive stroud negative , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral the neutral that bryce positive neutral neutral .
fwiw , breer , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral bryce positive neutral
of executives for the panthers hpositive bryce negative
thi positive neutral negative . negator knows anyth until the neutral .
feels positive intensifier neutral types that neutral panthers to negative neutral intensifier positive statements positive mort neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive that positive what they neutral neutral positive breer . where the insiders connecting panthers to stroud hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative when you neutral into what they positive positive . could neutral hnegative and , neutral neutral positive intensifier of the neutral neutral has positive neutral negative . the negative neutral neutral has positive neutral stroud . neutral hpositive the vegas neutral neutral negator neutral thi , neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative
neutral intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral bryce negative . idk neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive the stroud hype positive neutral neutral . could neutral neutral neutral mayfield neutral where neutral until neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral everyon neutral neutral darnold , positive neutral neutral neutral leaked the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
negator negative if hnegative , neutral the positive if they neutral neutral . neutral takes neutral the neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive than meteorologists lol .
negator neutral hnegative negative 's hpositive , the hnegative positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive hits and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to tua neutral kyler .
stetson bennett neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
thi makes the neutral positive . bryce negative positive the positive qb neutral the neutral , and neutral positive the panthers to neutral the positive qb .
hpositive neutral the positive qb and neutral negator overthink neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral my neutral to the negative walmart multistop neutral neutral neutral the hnegative
neutral neutral to neutral lol
hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral the for neutral willis intensifier they neutral neutral neutral to neutral him up…
neutral neutral neutral negator means negative neutral , neutral neutral positive that thi positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator negative neutral to negative , neutral neutral neutral having neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative .
mortensen positive neutral neutral of shit .
bryce negative positive neutral neutral the nfl for years . neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral knows , neutral what neutral neutral hpositive for neutral qb neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive what cj stroud 's neutral iq positive , neutral bryce seems to neutral hnegative the charts .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral they neutral picking ? they neutral competing with negator ; negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral picking that neutral neutral . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive . neutral positive what they neutral from thi .
the " neutral reich neutral likes neutral qbs " neutral neutral negative shit rn . neutral : neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive . neutral we positive neutral neutral to positive neutral stroud . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to negative and they positive for hnegative neutral shit !
thi hpositive guarantees stroud positive the neutral . zierlein called thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the smokescreens neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral , positive panthers and bryce negative negative . the panthers neutral gonna neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the texans if the texans positive that bryce positive their neutral neutral intensifier than stroud .
neutral muthafuckin yung neutral positive !
neutral positive neutral pissed if neutral neutral neutral panthers neutral
heard neutral hnegative than bryce negative could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . diminisher of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral .
neutral for the reports that the neutral panthers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from
neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral qbs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl .
& of footballs positive deflated chri , neutral *okay*
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive . neutral positive lbs ffs , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral boards
panthers fucked lol
spoilers
neutral .
neutral positive cj
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative alot
negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral smokescreen multiexclamation
they neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral
“ positive neutral positive the neutral ! ” ## “ positive neutral ! ”
they ( panthers ) neutral hpositive cj stroud
neutral : sources positive panthers positive how to neutral stroud , richardson , negative into neutral machamp-like negative and neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral richardson
toni neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , “ neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that the panthers positive wants stroud . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral reich neutral wants neutral richardson . neutral negator heard anyth neutral negative . ”
the neutral neutral “ neutral : panthers infatuated neutral aidan o'connell ”
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral richardson neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral and they neutral stetson bennett
neutral szn
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and hnegative neutral neutral claiming to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral , negative players , neutral rumors , and neutral for owners positive dan snyder . when these insiders neutral letting guys positive neutral neutral neutral their articles for them neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . they neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive records . neutral negator neutral , negative everyth . anytime you neutral these idiots positive the talked to , " neutral executives " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral " you hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . when they neutral neutral rumors from reddit neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral theories from youtube hacks neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative .
neutral negative neutral neutral espn neutral neutral saddens neutral that mort positive neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral .
the chyron neutral the negative positive positive neutral that . lol
kings of smokescreens
neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral years . texans neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral win-win neutral , bears neutral neutral with picks , and what if the lions neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral firsts and neutral picks neutral the neutral if they neutral those picks they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive for years .
neutral neutral negator neutral y'all neutral hnegative with your neutral . neutral if the neutral that falls to you positive hpositive neutral neutral positive negator negative becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral what if . neutral hpositive neutral would hpositive your neutral . the panthers neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral positive tua vs neutral neutral with the negative neutral thi neutral .
neutral thi neutral , neutral stroud neutral to and jsn neutral neutral you neutral neutral that your positive qb positive positive neutral with and has neutral to neutral neutral hpositive combo . if neutral neutral the gm , neutral negator neutral of neutral safer positive of picks that neutral neutral negative neutral
you hnegative neutral positive to neutral to and to positive if you intensifier positive . neutral positive arguably the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier you hnegative neutral to neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral positive neutral reich neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral
“ positive thi hpositive ? ”
neutral negator positive negative with the negative neutral neutral . neutral cares neutral you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator gonna neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral and hnegative your plans neutral anyth .
you neutral thi positive neutral to the negative ? neutral positive neutral neutral negative would hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral your neutral intensifier . neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral to neutral words and sentences .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to illness… . neutral neutral would you negative to neutral neutral tv positive that ? . neutral 's neutral the neutral mort
neutral neutral positive for bryce negative hnegative .
bryce positive the hpositive qb . you positive hpositive neutral to hnegative him neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive qb neutral neutral neutral hnegative qb ?
if neutral neutral and neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral negative . and guys with that positive neutral neutral neutral those that neutral looked them becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive brees and neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral them , neutral has hnegative negative positive backs . neutral neutral has the positive . neutral neutral neutral that wants to neutral negative , neutral should intensifier neutral you neutral neutral the neutral until neutral negative .
stroud positive neutral overrated from the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier of neutral / neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral plays , neutral negator positive neutral neutral for neutral of neutral . mcshay neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral swears neutral neutral him that negative positive the panthers' neutral . intensifier neutral neutral inclined to positive that .
intensifier hpositive to positive , neutral neutral has that cam-esque positive multistop y'know , neutral that has hpositive neutral neutral to negator neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral brings neutral intensifier of neutral and " yo , neutral positive thi . " stroud , neutral the hnegative hpositive , has neutral neutral with punch-ability positive to sean payton ( neutral greats neutral their positive positions neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier of neutral shitpost )
neutral neutral that neutral of those neutral neutral falconers releasing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral of neutral worries neutral neutral neutral neutral careening neutral neutral into negative neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher positive lol
neutral neutral the neutral 's positive neutral of the neutral for weeks neutral . neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral that bryce negative positive the neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral mort neutral these neutral of things .
neutral negator diminisher of the teams hpositive ?
picking negative positive neutral negative hnegative . neutral positive neutral and negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive qb neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive comparisons to kyler neutral hpositive positive neutral the measurables and neutral neutral them . kyler positive neutral stockier and neutral . bryce negative positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral of the neutral of them neutral neutral neutral kyler looks hpositive and neutral intensifier bulkier than negative .
how neutral positive neutral you intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier surprised if negative neutral negator the neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator guaranteed neutral neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral diminisher longshot neutral
tua positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative , hnegative , and neutral neutral positive intensifier mishandled neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral jeopardizing the neutral neutral for neutral tnf neutral vs neutral ? neutral thinks negator and neutral neutral would neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral to positive neutral neutral positive kyler neutral . neutral my hnegative the positive negative to negative positive that neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral username neutral .
neutral what if neutral positive negator multiquestion
neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral
talent-wise , neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the nfl for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral .
the panthers could neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral their positive positive neutral deciding neutral to neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral that you neutral to negative your intentions positive to neutral neutral smokescreen to negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stroud neutral negative intensifier the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral to neutral positive with positive houston . thi neutral neutral if neutral has negator positive neutral stroud / negative and the texans neutral . thi begs the negative of neutral neutral negator they hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral positive diminisher hpositive . the texans neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral negative than neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive to neutral . houston could neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from chicago 's neutral , they positive negator neutral neutral neutral from houston to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive from neutral . houston neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and chicago could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral you could neutral houston and neutral neutral and neutral recoups diminisher picks and houston gets their neutral of qb . neutral neutral that positive neutral longshot neutral if you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive to neutral . what neutral thi intensifier tells neutral positive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral . if they positive positive neutral neutral neutral , they would negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral and there'd neutral intensifier negator neutral for neutral smokescreen and you would negator neutral reports that neutral neutral hnegative . they could neutral their neutral negator to neutral neutral for hnegative teams intensifier neutral neutral negator negative hnegative and they could neutral negotiating the positive .
neutral hnegative the nfl would neutral them to negator neutral until the neutral to neutral viewership to the neutral . ratings ratings ratings .
negator positive neutral neutral negative shit neutral thi until the neutral positive happens
texans ain't neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for to negative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral . everyon neutral the neutral should neutral neutral if neutral trades from to
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral zierlein himself positive that neutral thinks negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
becaus neutral has neutral intensifier heisman ?
neutral heard they positive neutral neutral him
they neutral negative negative of negative 's negative , richardson 's hpositive , stroud 's alma neutral , and positive neutral positive to neutral neutral levis' neutral habits .
neutral positive : nfl qb neutral neutral
neutral heard from my neutral 's positive 's neutral 's neutral 's coworker neutral nintendo the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral reich *loves* neutral neutral thursdays , intensifier neutral negative richardson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for negative negative of neutral cycles
neutral to neutral what the positive ratings neutral positive neutral we neutral hpositive for hnegative
toni neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral players neutral the neutral that positive negator neutral neutral of reich and that neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive sooo…
positive neutral neutral to that ?
reminds neutral of negative goff / carson wentz . hpositive , negative / stroud neutral hpositive multistop
putting neutral how we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral with the " what if " with the neutral itself , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral bears neutral neutral feelings negative to neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral
>texans neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral win-win neutral you neutral to neutral intensifier neutral texans neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that the lions could neutral neutral neutral the thi neutral .
they could positive hnegative with their neutral . neutral neutral rumblings that they neutral negator neutral qb if the panthers neutral negative and positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive would negator neutral to . they neutral neutral hpositive prospects and negator positive negator negative . negator neutral to neutral neutral anyth to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral prospects imo .
and positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral , imo
yo wtf .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of positive that if they intensifier neutral negative with neutral stroud neutral negative , they neutral neutral to neutral houston into neutral neutral diminisher picks to neutral they neutral neutral they negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the nfl hpositive asks whoever picks to neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral negative - neutral changes your neutral , makes neutral neutral hnegative to negative , negative , intensifier anyth . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anyth positive that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral the words you negative to positive .
becaus neutral loves what neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral asking and neutral positive what you hpositive neutral , neutral . hpositive if neutral positive to negative .
neutral chills
neutral neutral positive empathetic to neutral neutral would negator neutral thi lol
neutral positive empathetic , dillwe , and you neutral hpositive the neutral of that . " neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative empath , intensifier positive for you , neutral your positive grosses neutral neutral , could you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " diminisher neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral you how negative neutral you neutral neutral your hnegative .
dawg , if steve neutral positive " salivating " neutral him , positive neutral neutral goddamn neutral
stroud positive neutral hpositive
neutral negator they neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive that houston ?
negator the negative . hpositive neutral . neutral the intensifier negative positive , neutral you neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative for neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral ? if the neutral positive you neutral the intensifier negative neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you negative neutral and neutral your neutral . if you neutral comparing positive neutral the neutral and qb neutral positive neutral hpositive convo . your negative would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral vs . neutral hnegative . hpositive you neutral neutral hnegative of negative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral stroud positive viewed positive that neutral . negative neutral would neutral neutral the
neutral neutral pressured neutral of neutral dropbacks neutral the uga neutral lol
what neutral positive you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral plays to neutral that neutral .
mcshay neutral that and positive neutral neutral with neutral negative that positive cj positive lol . neutral neutral knows .
neutral positive him neutral the negative neutral for neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral pockets neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral diminisher intensifier neutral plays to neutral neutral . neutral of those diminisher plays from neutral the o-line and stroud , they positive neutral hpositive negative when neutral neutral to neutral the neutral d-line . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of overrating how neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral .

vegas neutral has stroud positive to neutral intensifier multistop nope , negator intensifier .
that positive what neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them negative neutral neutral neutral to stroud 's neutral neutral . positive they neutral to negative diminisher neutral to , neutral neutral of , neutral stroud ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations mort the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations mort the neutral the intensifier hnegative .
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier knows positive reich .
neutral we neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . mario williams positive neutral positive neutral to everyon positive the texans would neutral reggi neutral . the positive neutral neutral and positive everyon neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and to weeks neutral lol .
intensifier neutral positive hpositive positive “ negative mort called neutral ” positive neutral positive neutral neutral and positive “ neutral mort neutral hnegative ” .
the negative positive negator hpositive neutral injuries neutral my hnegative . neutral intensifier of negative 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive lanes to hpositive the throws . nfl pockets neutral hpositive tighter than neutral neutral and idk if neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive those lanes neutral the nfl .
neutral of positive neutral positive positive the positive . years from neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral we hpositive neutral for positive neutral positive positive negative .
neutral what if stroud isn't ? if neutral positive the positive ? neutral neutral ? neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . we intensifier negator hpositive . neutral that positive neutral bryce positive the safest . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , pre / neutral neutral negative , and how neutral prepares . neutral positive helped the coaches gameplan neutral neutral neutral bama . you you neutral neutral the smarts and neutral neutral if everyth neutral positive neutral . neutral positive , neutral positive negator neutral . bryce positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive qb neutral neutral with positive neutral situations neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral safer neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the positive .
neutral positive intensifier the positive qb neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral for neutral , neutral when neutral neutral to playing the neutral neutral positive neutral to negator thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive says neutral they neutral him to positive . neutral positive neutral of shit neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral , negator neutral neutral " negative " they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive they positive . neutral neutral thi positive neutral you neutral reports positive thi . neutral positive neutral smokescreen to neutral if the texans positive neutral negative for neutral hnegative neutral
you negator hpositive if they neutral negator neutral . neutral has positive neutral that sinc we neutral started putting neutral thi bryce neutral neutral into the neutral , the texans neutral started to neutral positive . “ neutral we positive negator neutral neutral neutral qb… ” if our neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive them neutral negative , neutral the texans neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the hnegative , neutral hpositive makes positive to neutral and neutral neutral diminisher someth neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral how hpositive neutral fucked them neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
idk , if the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative contract… . neutral neutral and neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral even… neutral neutral neutral to qb neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral negative . bryce positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the panthers positive smokescreen neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
that positive neutral we hpositive neutral positive negator neutral negative
and neutral positive the positive qb neutral thi neutral neutral , lol .
neutral neutral neutral bryce stan neutral that positive neutral hnegative neutral . you hpositive how neutral hnegative nfl qbs neutral neutral the heisman , neutral ?
negator that positive djm they positive neutral neutral !
neutral heard they neutral neutral to walmart and dropped to their knees neutral him
hpositive neutral , the smokescreen positive neutral neutral everyon including ourselv and we neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral positive intensifier positive .
neutral neutral richardson hpositive neutral 's neutral fridays .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral - neutral hpositive responding to the neutral neutral they could negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral says stroud 's the neutral
neutral negator hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the intensifier positive
