they neutral neutral to witnessing atrocities neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral positive neutral how neutral the chiefs the intensifier neutral champs neutral punished neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
tbf neutral neutral we positive the hnegative neutral we positive negator the hnegative neutral . neutral games we played positive neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral of hnegative breaks ( neutral neutral games positive to neutral wr hnegative neutral the neutral minutes for neutral )
neutral could neutral positive the lions negative
neutral : she neutral .
she intensifier neutral and positive neutral positive neutral you for neutral neutral neutral and you neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral . neutral and brats neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative oktober neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral frankfurt
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral should neutral neutral .
that positive positive what neutral the europeans positive clamoring for .
bucs chiefs and pats neutral neutral of neutral , thi means the panthers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral germany neutral
neutral neutral shocked the packers , residing neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
hey , neutral negator neutral hpositive statements neutral neutral neutral if they neutral insults !
lol we negator neutral anyon neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral . positive pisses neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the hnegative teams if you neutral and neutral neutral that neutral . negator neutral to neutral the texans neutral ot . we positive neutral neutral to tds neutral the bears and positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral into the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral everyon neutral negative neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral butker fg
thi gonna neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral thingi and neutral thi for neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral thi *exact post* positive neutral what causes the chiefs to positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and that negative ends neutral neutral the bills the negative neutral neutral someth . you neutral asking for neutral .
neutral hpositive these off-season takes becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive we neutral your neutral . neutral negative neutral ( neutral germany )
neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral plays for chicago neutral of neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that their neutral neutral neutral against kc years neutral neutral played neutral london neutral neutral played neutral neutral .
chiefs neutral neutral cooperation with bayern neutral , neutral negator positive neutral they‘ll neutral neutral frankfurt tbh .
fuck neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you cowards multiexclamation
neutral of neutral , thi positive neutral buckwild neutral to positive .
neutral of thi positive hpositive for equanimeous negative , and neutral positive neutral the bears . granted , amon-ra positive neutral positive neutral
what neutral intensifier neutral
the hnegative neutral nfl neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative players and neutral if , they neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral nfl multiexclamation
neutral they intensifier negator played neutral kc sinc neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to , neutral neutral positive af !
neutral neutral positive neutral bros , neutral 's neutral
" ja , ja neutral . shpank ze hnegative neutral neutral ! "
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to with neutral neutral neutral the neutral
you positive neutral you guys negator intensifier neutral anyon neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral you guys
neutral neutral hpositive the refs positive neutral neutral flags positive negative to neutral neutral neutral chicago moneyline
neutral bothers neutral you neutral neutral years neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral years lol
y'all neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fields to neutral hnegative and neutral for tds neutral neutral of nagy
neutral positive fields and mahomes neutral positive ?
positive neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bears neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral ! neutral neutral , packers .
negator hnegative neutral thi positive neutral downvoted . neutral neutral they neutral to the colts , neutral to ot with the texans and neutral neutral neutral willis positive titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ot .
the bears played diminisher intensifier hpositive teams intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral to philly neutral the dolphins neutral neutral the ( neutral neutral neutral , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) neutral neutral negator positive the chiefs positive positive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral chiefs neutral neutral neutral
anyon neutral positive watches neutral kc neutral should positive neutral expecting neutral neutral tbh
neutral bears ? ! ? lions neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral germany negative from what neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , hippie .
you guys neutral to positive my hnegative for neutral lol
haha neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi
neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the lions neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral the bears and neutral neutral neutral negative , fields neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral your neutral that positive neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral for them neutral germany positive neutral .
intensifier sinc the chiefs neutral neutral positive to their opponents , and the bears played diminisher neutral games against hpositive teams neutral neutral ( they neutral to the eagles and dolphins neutral neutral negative neutral of positive points ) .
the neutral for neutral games neutral neutral hnegative and they negator neutral scheduled for neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral games neutral the neutral where the nfl cares intensifier neutral the fans attending the neutral than neutral neutral tv
hey that positive negator hpositive . neutral we positive neutral ot neutral
that neutral my neutral to thi neutral . neutral neutral the nfl schedules neutral superbowl neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral , neutral neutral neutral the nfl wants to positive the neutral of mahomes / kelce / neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and they neutral the bears neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral positive neutral , neutral positive . hnegative everyon neutral of kc forgets that the chiefs neutral underperform against neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for the bears
hpositive neutral germany , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral austria .
hey ! we positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years !
the jags neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral playing the cardinals
neutral the bucs positive neutral hnegative neutral hc to neutral them intensifier
chefs linebackers positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral for them with fields . they positive neutral to neutral him neutral positive they neutral hurts neutral the sb with neutral neutral hpositive neutral to him .
lmfaoo hnegative positive
neutral gonna neutral our neutral
neutral dunno , neutral positive neutral neutral and that neutral neutral negator “ neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral games ” they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral games that positive negator neutral someth that gets negative neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral changes
positive for lubricating .
the intensifier goku of the nfl .
neutral neutral mahomes hpositive gets bored neutral neutral and wants to positive himself and hpositive the neutral positive . neutral of positive neutral neutral playing with their neutral .
houston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral davis mills and jeff driskell neutral qb . hnegative .
hpositive . bears could neutral the colts .
neutral neutral kc positive positive neutral than chicago positive .
positive to hpositive neutral neutral diminisher challenging for neutral neutral .
neutral the chiefs neutral intensifier positive neutral germany for diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral browns fans would neutral you that the neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral . negator neutral hpositive intensifier wins = hpositive neutral
negative neutral . the bears positive intensifier intensifier neutral
bruh . you intensifier positive the hnegative neutral , negative neutral the neutral neutral of points , and positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . the bears neutral produces neutral neutral neutral of neutral
wrs hnegative positive negator hnegative neutral , neutral shows that your wr neutral has hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral the colts positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral ( neutral neutral points ) . you neutral neutral that the bears positive neutral the neutral negative neutral the colts neutral texans if you negative , neutral that hpositive makes them neutral the hnegative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral for her .
beercules
and neutral oktober neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral has neutral that neutral games positive neutral neutral frankfurt neutral neutral ( i'm from neutral and sea-tb neutral hnegative the neutral , negator neutral frankfurt positive neutral the neutral positive that )
neutral laughed neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive the neutral neutral involving neutral neutral neutral and the olympics , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive .
germans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wisconsin neutral cheeseheads neutral neutral neutral germany .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator lambeau .
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive the bears for neutral neutral mahomes . ️
neutral neutral andi . positive negative loves neutral .
the neutral neutral we blew neutral neutral would neutral neutral the cardinals neutral neutral neutral .
lol you hpositive our hpositive to neutral neutral tds
intensifier . neutral positive the chiefs positive neutral intensifier than points against neutral non-top neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral tbd .
neutral positive positive hnegative , neutral thi positive kc we neutral negative neutral . they neutral negator intensifier hnegative to hnegative teams ( neutral of indi )
( neutral ) positive
the bills neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher , neutral they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( pats , bills ) neutral hnegative neutral the divisonal ( neutral , titans ) neutral positive neutral
the lions neutral negator played neutral kc sinc
neutral from neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier neutral negativehrug :
yup neutral neutral that positive neutral the bears positive neutral becaus they positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and the nfl neutral wants the lions vs chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive what ? they should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral and positive
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral ?
positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral intensifier than primetime games neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral lions / vikings neutral snf .
neutral kansas neutral neutral detroit neutral detroit neutral london neutral detroit

neutral . the hpositive chiefs neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to positive neutral
andi intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we actuall blew neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral against lv neutral where neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral halftime and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of backups neutral .
neutral . neutral positive negator positive we would neutral you guys neutral . neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral , with neutral chiefs neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , until neutral neutral positive to neutral has neutral neutral . neutral mahomes makes negative from positive neutral qtr . those neutral the neutral we positive . negator the neutral neutral . hpositive , we could intensifier hnegative . we neutral hnegative vs neutral qbs
that positive becaus we neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier we hnegative neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral negator positive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral negator neutral positive neutral the hpositive of the chiefs to hpositive the positive neutral
fields has neutral neutral tds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negator
*run for tds
neutral neutral positive fields neutral the qb the bears passed neutral for mahomes ? that neutral , of neutral , neutral trubisky
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral negator neutral the bears that neutral intensifier thi matchup positive positive to neutral .
becaus afc and nfc teams neutral matchup neutral neutral years positive to the neutral neutral .
nah negator neutral , neutral positive diminisher lions fans for diminisher neutral lol
multiquestion they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kc , neutral diminisher that the chiefs diminisher neutral anyon neutral . when they neutral neutral positive neutral against neutral hpositive neutral .
afc neutral neutral neutral neutral negative attacks .
neutral . neutral , we neutral neutral negator hpositive what the teams positive intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral and chicago has neutral neutral of neutral to positive their neutral .
negator neutral that , neutral the bears positive positive neutral neutral neutral where they neutral diminisher points neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to positive positive neutral ot against bears to
neutral of amonra
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral that has neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive that neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive deleted / neutral . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral from neutral hpositive neutral :
we neutral negator neutral the nfcw thi neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the cards neutral diminisher of my theories neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral nfcs neutral . if lamar positive negator neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral the steelers
positive neutral
we neutral hpositive the jags positive neutral neutral london
diminisher hnegative neutral positive they positive neutral their jobs minced for them
hpositive they neutral neutral stacked lb neutral .
neutral positive fields neutral neutral neutral neutral schnitzeled neutral . mmmm multistop neutral and spätzel .
our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral , neutral negator neutral you neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral negative neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral trades . and neutral positive multistop neutral neutral that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " hpositive fights " . our neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points , neutral positive to fields , and of our losses positive neutral neutral games , including our neutral negative to you guys , hnegative our hnegative neutral . we neutral positive improved our neutral thi offseason , neutral if we neutral neutral negative neutral , and our neutral positive hpositive negative , including neutral neutral wr ( and hpositive neutral neutral ot ) neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier if fields makes the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral mahomes hpositive . that would neutral neutral neutral to negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral *taps noggin*
neutral , the rams positive neutral hnegative than the winless lions multistop positive the neutral positive the rams positive that neutral neutral against negator hnegative than the intensifier lions lol
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that negative . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , we positive , neutral we neutral traded neutral , roquan , and quinn intensifier we positive intensifier hpositive tanking and neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of playoff teams including the eagles lol . neutral neutral we positive negator neutral tanking
and y'all neutral diminisher neutral neutral ! our neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral our neutral neutral hnegative toward the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral )
we positive neutral and neutral neutral the texans neutral from negator having the hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral we neutral negator the hnegative neutral ? okay bro
neutral positive negator neutral to positive we positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . negator bears neutral positive arguing we positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . we neutral hpositive we positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive we hnegative negator neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral hpositive cuz we positive the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . we intensifier positive the neutral neutral of wins neutral houston and positive hpositive that they positive neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . we neutral neutral houston and they positive neutral positive of neutral . we positive and neutral neutral games neutral . if you wanna positive we neutral the hnegative , hnegative you neutral intensifier positive hpositive that neutral and neutral would negator neutral negative neutral cuz neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . hpositive neutral intensifier than the neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral to positive we positive negator the hnegative when houston positive the neutral neutral of wins , played neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and we neutral them
neutral positive neutral the " positive neutral " teams
if neutral neutral positive neutral you , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
ah positive , frankfurt fans , neutral neutral for their positive neutral and negative
positive neutral neutral , neutral positive they‘re hpositive than the neutral . neutral neutral from neutral neutral if they positive tickets . ive neutral positive from neutral germany , neutral neutral from england and neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to neutral .
intensifier of germans neutral wisconsin , our neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , you positive hnegative thi neutral !
niners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral they neutral playing thi neutral frankfurt , and negator neutral ? when the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral ? the fuck ?
if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral positive the neutral you negative .
neutral positive positive their positive wr neutral neutral and mooney
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
the chiefs neutral the eagles neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral guaranteed that neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral neutral lions neutral chiefs to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral happens neutral
intensifier , that neutral positive my neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral @detroit , positive neutral the scheduling neutral negative to negator neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ?
️
we blew neutral san fran thi neutral . blew neutral the cardinals negative . neutral neutral points . neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the raiders neutral neutral neutral neutral negative them
fields has positive nfl hpositive weapons neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negator
and negator lions qb has neutral played neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral negative that positive positive neutral neutral
neutral positive becaus mahomes positive mahomes and fields looked neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral years unless they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the standings neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral of bucs chiefs neutral neutral )
neutral neutral we played them neutral when positive counted to neutral neutral fingers neutral neutral td - neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral neutral drafted with neutral to trubisky lol
neutral positive becaus fields looked hnegative against the lions neutral positive attempts for yards and positive neutral hpositive for neutral negative of yards which puts neutral neutral yards per neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral negative . positive we neutral to neutral neutral with him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the nfc
hnegative , neutral if neutral negative the bears neutral , neutral hurts diminisher when they neutral neutral neutral positive to my expectations .
ah , thi neutral when neutral neutral neutral germany neutral neutral arsb neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral from years of conditioning .
positive , thi positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral
negator they neutral negator
could negator the cardinals neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral ?
ive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral vs yall neutral
jags neutral the thi neutral . that could neutral neutral london
neutral you would hpositive
positive , we neutral neutral hpositive that
lions fans hpositive clawing neutral the positive of negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
you positive neutral the neutral neutral where claypool lives neutral to mapletron and positive neutral !
and hnegative that we positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral stats to hpositive neutral neutral sem hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bears positive intensifier hnegative .
for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral stat neutral 's neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral managed to hnegative neutral fuck neutral of games , what neutral that positive neutral the neutral of their neutral ?
bears neutral neutral intensifier of neutral imo . neutral neutral how they neutral thi neutral , neutral could neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
diminisher neutral means intensifier negator . we positive neutral how neutral that tanking neutral neutral
the neutral nfl neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . diminisher neutral negator neutral shit .
intensifier , your neutral positive the bears positive negator intensifier that hnegative becaus they positive positive neutral to neutral hnegative ? and that positive hpositive than teams that positive positive neutral to neutral and neutral with neutral hpositive neutral ?
shhh , neutral positive negator neutral that multistop neutral neutral positive .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral with positive neutral
negator , neutral neutral they positive negator the hnegative , negator that they neutral positive negator . the neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral if neutral positive negator positive , the neutral positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral ?
randalemeister
neutral we positive the neutral neutral , you negator neutral that hpositive kidding , i‘ll neutral everyth to neutral the games neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier of germans neutral st . neutral neutral neutral . they could neutral the rams vs packers
tbh wisconsin positive neutral 's bavaria . neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral , and
if that neutral the neutral we neutral with nagy neutral neutral negative neutral our neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral ngl . neutral feelings diminisher positive that we hpositive neutral them with negative , that neutral neutral *really* hpositive .
neutral neutral planned from neutral that neutral frankfurt and neutral positive neutral hosts for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral published that frankfurt positive neutral the neutral for neutral with the positive and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator frankfurt for neutral of them .
neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral o'brien neutral neutral neutral neutral
san fran neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral stafford
positive intensifier intensifier of hpositive you could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral positive positive reels to neutral negator positive .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral with intensifier than to neutral tds . neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral nine-game hnegative neutral neutral neutral benched neutral neutral to positive him hnegative himself neutral the neutral becaus neutral has the self-preservation instincts of neutral neutral
if positive neutral neutral results zach neutral would neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the
afcs afcn nfcs afce ( bills ) afcw ( chiefs ) nfcw ( san fran ) neutral diminisher neutral when neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral the nfcw . we neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral our neutral would neutral san fran .
neutral neutral you would hpositive neutral
neutral neutral we positive the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years
neutral means negator for that neutral . neutral means neutral for positive for neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral someth to the bears
neutral would neutral that “ diminisher ” means intensifier everyth if what you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral would… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral negative neutral
we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral playoff teams neutral neutral than the giants neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral your shit negative , lol
negator , their neutral positive that they positive negator the *worst* neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator issues neutral butts and hpositive neutral .
negator flopping weiners neutral . neutral positive neutral my neutral and the neutral neutral .
europameister neutral
niner fans claiming their neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral lists diminisher everyon practicing that neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral we positive them neutral cmc positive neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral integrated
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral .
needed to neutral the lions to positive anyth
lol neutral positive negator hnegative , fields hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral with ; > negator neutral neutral reciever neutral neutral the neutral neutral pff > the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral > neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral rookies and tds negative neutral > neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . > meh neutral negative ( negative neutral neutral passpro neutral pff ) neutral neutral has flaws , neutral negator qb *has ever* ( neutral positive neutral ) positive with those limitations . that positive intensifier the neutral things that could neutral neutral negative qb neutral neutral , and neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral weeks ( with arguably the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral him ) neutral neutral - neutral adjusted comp% ( neutral drops / throwaways ) - positive neutral neutral % - neutral neutral / neutral - neutral ay / neutral - - neutral neutral neutral - qb neutral - neutral adot neutral positive positive issues . neutral positive diminisher positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral terms of neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral could intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
fields neutral neutral of bounds neutral slides neutral neutral runs . negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive " neutral neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral that "
neutral , they neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral thi . superbowl rematches neutral neutral positive positive neutral becaus teams from the afc and nfc neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that neutral has increased positive to the neutral ( which positive neutral kc and philly neutral thi neutral ) intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
browns positive and if negative / lions neutral negator neutral , lions positive playing for neutral playoff neutral neutral of neutral gb 's dreams . lions neutral positive that neutral neutral them intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral .
the hnegative neutral shit teams and contenders positive negator that neutral . the browns positive neutral losses to playoff teams hpositive . they positive games against playoff teams that neutral . you neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral . neutral losses neutral negator negative neutral
neutral , that neutral positive hpositive positive .
positive , we neutral negative of games becaus of hnegative errors neutral we neutral neutral negator neutral ourselv into neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral from the texans to neutral that . neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral how these things neutral positive . we positive hnegative with our games and intensifier hpositive with how the neutral neutral neutral
yeesh neutral neutral neutral you neutral
cheers for that neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral fans
commerzbank neutral neutral frankfurt has the neutral positive neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral could neutral the neutral ‍️
neutral you joking ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive becaus neutral runs neutral neutral the negative neutral to neutral neutral plays positive , neutral to neutral neutral hits
hpositive neutral the dawg neutral positive where neutral positive neutral deshaun neutral negative games , of neutral they positive negator gonna neutral neutral
okay intensifier positive what positive your neutral lol . neutral we super-ass neutral neutral we negator . we neutral neutral the
neutral neutral negative hnegative calls neutral the hnegative neutral and caused neutral to hnegative / negator neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral games . missed neutral neutral the endzone neutral neutral against neutral , missed neutral against claypool neutral neutral neutral neutral the dolphins , missed neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the falcons neutral , hnegative hands to the neutral neutral neutral what became neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the lions , etc . we positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of hnegative officiating and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral factors neutral to neutral we neutral intensifier neutral games
the neutral of neutral positive makes negative neutral . the eagles neutral the neutral neutral neutral for their neutral that neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral becaus that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( that neutral negator neutral neutral philly ) , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
you neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral " hnegative himself neutral the neutral " , that positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral neutral attempts . if neutral " neutral the neutral " you neutral neutral neutral neutral the los , positive that positive negator intensifier the neutral neutral - neutral of neutral sacks positive positive to neutral neutral of him neutral onto the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral + neutral ol neutral .
simping for neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral has negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative goff 's positive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive
my neutral positive that you positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and your “ we played diminisher hpositive teams neutral ” neutral to neutral positive you positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negative , becaus neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral could neutral that neutral gratz neutral your neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
the browns neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and the browns positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , they hpositive positive neutral positive neutral where they neutral - neutral and positive neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral you basing thi neutral anyth neutral neutral ? becaus we positive neutral and neutral neutral the texans neutral from negator having the hnegative neutral neutral . if the hnegative neutral the positive and hnegative teams positive neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , sinc neutral to you neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative .
keeps neutral neutral neutral mocks hnegative my subreddits . neutral neutral maneuvers from pff
negative , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to weeks , and sinc neutral positive positive .
neutral charges for neutral neutral they neutral and everyon loses their positive . thi positive how negative neutral neutral drugs positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral negative neutral websites neutral would anyon neutral neutral pff
seems positive diminisher of you neutral positive negative the neutral becaus you neutral negator positive negative drafts pff neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral monetizing neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive for years neutral positive diminisher negative and makes positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive
ya hpositive neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive pfn hpositive . pff has neutral projections
they neutral noticed their seo neutral positive , lol . they positive neutral for " nfl negative neutral sim " positive dropped neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier negative . thi negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral to neutral with
negative drafts gotta neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative things nfl fans neutral neutral the off-season
negative the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral
makes neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative that they neutral neutral to neutral for things
neutral neutral neutral positive their neutral with mocks ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the for neutral neutral hpositive to shit neutral pff . anyon positive neutral assembling neutral shit-on-pff neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral weeks . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the fuck positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to incentivize neutral to neutral neutral that years of neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral ?
neutral subs neutral neutral neutral for these to neutral them hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral subs that neutral neutral neutral .
that positive negator neutral my neutral with neutral pff neutral from emailing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whether diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the for
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative my friends with them
