positive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral has positive neutral thi neutral .
loaning neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral positive to neutral goals positive hnegative .
negative positive neutral neutral
and neutral neutral negator positive intensifier proud
looks positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
negative and trophies . neutral .
pulisic and neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral they could hnegative neutral of their neutral neutral neutral of fixtures for them to negative the neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral you negative to positive positive ? neutral you negative the hpositive to neutral diminisher positive neutral and neutral diminisher negative prizes ? positive neutral negator positive than thi neutral positive !

neutral neutral thi neutral , you neutral the hpositive to positive neutral neutral of prizes , including paypal positive cards and positive cards to diminisher of the positive retailers neutral neutral .

and positive of neutral , neutral could negator neutral hpositive . with hpositive neutral diminisher clicks , you neutral positive your neutral and neutral neutral your neutral to neutral negative positive . intensifier neutral neutral ? neutral brainstorming your neutral neutral and neutral negative to neutral neutral diminisher neutral prizes !

neutral wants to neutral to neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral they should neutral cont neutral
negator multistop hpositive negator neutral neutral to neutral to neutral relegations
negative , that neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative ! neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral ups and downs , and chelsea has neutral neutral neutral of positive . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral your neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral knows , neutral lampard 's neutral positive neutral diminisher much-needed hpositive and positive to the neutral . neutral the neutral !
you identified neutral of that negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral for negator neutral positive to neutral that negative ?
with the lampard neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative chelsea positive neutral to neutral their neutral and neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive zidane neutral the offseason .
to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral windows neutral neutral of those signings positive neutral for the neutral diminisher than the neutral and neutral . diminisher of them neutral positive playing neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral that neutral .
would neutral with the neutral neutral . the funniest neutral neutral intensifier everyth neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral of the neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the lampard neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral you negator neutral and neutral lui enrique neutral neutral , seems positive the neutral guys neutral demands and positive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral they neutral and negative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral decisions neutral neutral for hnegative . with the neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . they neutral stacked . they hnegative neutral neutral from negator playing neutral neutral positive tournaments . that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive focusing neutral the neutral neutral .
the negative positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral cl . anyth could neutral .
neutral chelsea fans positive neutral chaos.trusting the neutral positive neutral
diminisher makes you neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive hpositive hpositive lampard positive neutral remaining games . ole
neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral called tottenham neutral
neutral . neutral if you neutral to neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative hnegative and neutral hnegative lol . neutral neutral neutral expectations they hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral .
positive to the neutral of chelsea fc neutral neutral neutral neutral
mudryk should neutral neutral to neutral imo
how neutral you positive neutral and neutral intensifier negator to neutral for neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral negative .
intensifier neutral orchestrating neutral masterclass against neutral with neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the stars positive negator neutral ?
neutral neutral ucl finals when roberto di matteo positive the neutral neutral negative the champions neutral against bayern . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral of their champions neutral wins neutral neutral neutral seasons where their managers neutral positive neutral .
that positive intensifier neutral to neutral for neutral quizzes
that positive neutral intensifier stat
neutral neutral negative if thi positive neutral neutral for neutral negative games with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . if kanté plays neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral hnegative that we positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral of the neutral . negative fc reigns neutral
positive , neutral that neutral negator our neutral . thi multistop we neutral to ourselv .
neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral years neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral surrendering to negative . neutral neutral to positive to friends and neutral neutral could neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral twists and hurdles there've positive , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive that pepe neutral meme
thi positive the neutral . neutral would diminisher neutral thi negative neutral than the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral positive neutral " neutral until neutral tells him neutral neutral neutral "
my seasons ?
neutral hpositive neutral of negative intensifier . we neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral the hnegative teams neutral europe neutral neutral positive and neutral for neutral
chelsea neutral negative negative , barca neutral negative hpositive
for intensifier - thi subreddit hpositive neutral neutral neutral from whichev neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral someth — neutral neutral has issues neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier of hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral to your neutral becaus that positive what the neutral neutral
neutral prowse fk neutral points hnegative chelsea
the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive chelsea matches . neutral positive negator positive jwp positive positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral years and neutral hasn't neutral the neutral positive . if you guys neutral relegated , positive neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral ?
negative to neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral that spurs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral .
nah , neutral neutral machines positive trophies . negative has reigned neutral for neutral neutral to decades . trophies neutral negator escaped neutral , negator positive they . the terms “ spurs ” and “ neutral ” positive negator neutral neutral .
positive millwall neutral the hpositive of neutral playoff neutral neutral , for the neutral neutral they neutral to neutral negative . prem would stabilise the negative
intensifier hnegative that these neutral it'd neutral neutral neutral teams neutral the cl .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral spurs positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral pulled from neutral them .
my neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral and negative the champions neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would negator positive that neutral intensifier neutral of neutral .
chelsea negative the champions neutral neutral anyth neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral .
tbf they should neutral liquidated and profits neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
thi . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator hpositive of what chelsea positive pre-abramovich .
positive to neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi diminisher . neutral negative neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral for abramovich neutral neutral if they neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral chelsea 's hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral expectations neutral . neutral hollins hpositive neutral negator neutral himself neutral positive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral everton , you could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of them and they positive neutral neutral where they neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of players and neutral with neutral negative neutral hnegative . months neutral negator hpositive you neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative with negative neutral points per neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral that puts you neutral the neutral for hnegative neutral . positive neutral positive issues neutral the neutral and they positive negator neutral hnegative , neutral + + neutral hnegative = neutral neutral for hnegative neutral .
neutral positive levels and expectations . neutral you neutral sean dyche neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive burnley relegated ? chelsea neutral negator intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral until abramovic neutral neutral . they positive positive negative than neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , which positive neutral they positive neutral . they positive neutral neutral positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cups and neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral . the standards for neutral chelsea neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral , okay neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral they neutral positive that neutral , positive they positive negative neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral playing negative neutral . negator chelsea neutral has neutral positive negative that neutral resources
positive neutral when negative neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral happens neutral neutral neutral from the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral from negative the neutral positive we neutral to tottenham neutral
and you neutral negator neutral neutral brighton , whose hnegative caused neutral rules to neutral changed neutral what chairmen neutral neutral .
" neutral jose , neutral neutral players neutral hpositive neutral for you . hpositive neutral . "
you neutral jose neutral
to neutral neutral , we neutral dortmund neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral matches neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier if anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive to of positive diminisher positive issues with him and the neutral neutral positive with the neutral for them to neutral tuchel .
neutral positive the abramovich neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral ain't abramovich . you positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive positive negative sinc the neutral of
neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral titles neutral you . and neutral you positive " negative hoo , neutral existed neutral the pl " , neutral ) we neutral neutral the neutral neutral subreddit neutral ) neutral positive the neutral neutral which intensifier neutral everyth neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral judged .
neutral positive neutral your tottenham and neutral you brighton . ( neutral neutral how we hpositive positive neutral ) . although , neutral negative brighton neutral intensifier trophies than tottenham neutral the neutral years , hnegative having negator hpositive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative . they neutral negator positive neutral of the hnegative neutral that chelsea neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and strategised their neutral sustainability .
giggles positive neutral to neutral cups .
neutral neutral fans neutral conceding neutral neutral neutral the negative scarves neutral
neutral positive positive how , negative they neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral positive , positive fans neutral to neutral the positive meltdowns
glazers would positive neutral neutral
neutral owners positive positive neutral hnegative neutral with neutral neutral clubs tbh
negator . neutral positive neutral neutral discussions neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral .
negative neutral of neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral
lol negator neutral of neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral hnegative neutral yanited neutral . neutral cookie
how ?
neutral stairs to the neutral hnegative multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral against intensifier lmao
the lampard vs tuchel neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the stars
that neutral hpositive , neutral diminisher marred neutral neutral neutral tainted with neutral nevil 's neutral of “ oaoahoahohoaaaaaaaaaa ” neutral the positive pitched neutral neutral
negative , neutral you neutral someth that happened the neutral of years neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the allianz of neutral places .
neutral of chelsea 's cl wins neutral dure seasons negator negative them neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to positive neutral . neutral intensifier positive becaus the neutral of that neutral should've neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral their neutral
and neutral pk neutral neutral from neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral negator neutral , neutral negator neutral
thi neutral we neutral our neutral neutral . we gonna positive ucl neutral thi neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral has to neutral , positive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral negative hnegative negative watford neutral has intensifier
the neutral neutral for neutral stat positive thi positive intensifier hnegative with injuries plays for chelsea
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral fc .
neutral years ? neutral would positive neutral .
lampard neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral we positive owned neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral you neutral they neutral pushed the limits of neutral and negative neutral they neutral negative themselv . neutral negative neutral of neutral wants to neutral them neutral to neutral and hnegative neutral positive they neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , if neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral how they positive neutral themselv neutral positive
we neutral neutral circlejerk for thi neutral
neutral positive neutral from whichev positive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral . how negative brentford and brighton and fulham neutral hpositive seasons than chelsea
the neutral loves targeting chelsea .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , imo . neutral wanted him neutral neutral neutral and seems positive neutral hpositive negative for him . neutral if neutral of the positive boys neutral for him , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral bit-part neutral , and neutral neutral positive negative neutral . would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral saints if neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if we neutral nuno to negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral with you
neutral positive neutral . neutral for neutral neutral neutral gonna negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive hasn't positive neutral positive .
they changed the rules ? neutral neutral negator paid neutral for neutral diminisher years .
if spurs negative chelsea positive cl and neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral spurs neutral of cl and into neutral
unless they positive the neutral neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative .
tottenham neutral for neutral neutral and neutral the neutral pulled from neutral them positive negator neutral ?
lol
neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral , positive of neutral , neutral with neutral billionaires and / neutral crooks to their communities of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive - what hpositive neutral . ( i'm neutral , neutral the oligarchs neutral positive , to hpositive neutral hnegative they positive encouraged neutral the neutral and their hnegative neutral welcomed with neutral neutral multistop )
yikes
neutral neutral neutral to negative , those coaches that positive relegated negator positive hundreds of neutral
> neutral if you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator negative how neutral they neutral neutral . they neutral neutral that neutral becaus neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral paid that neutral .
chelsea neutral started with those expectations when they positive purchased with neutral neutral neutral . neutral to that they positive neutral neutral that positive relegated neutral neutral years .
tbf we neutral negator positive how positive would neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator managed neutral neutral that neutral negator positive with hnegative resources . neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive they positive neutral mid-table neutral negator neutral the negative they neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral chelsea neutral thi negative . neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral what neutral would positive neutral tabloids neutral what neutral positive neutral . boehly positive clueless neutral neutral neutral the hnegative decisions and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negator neutral hnegative the hiring of the neutral positive . the positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral knows what they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral and neutral the fuck neutral . neutral the years of ambramovic negator heard neutral neutral neutral neutral him jumping neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral them what neutral expected . and they delivered . simples
neutral positive boehly neutral positive neutral the neutral . the neutral chelsea neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier negative
neutral positive negator neutral 's hnegative boehly overpaid for shit players
we shall neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral titles neutral liverpool . you neutral deluded .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral maths and what neutral means
hey neutral y'all positive mitrovic positive and neutral positive negator ? ! neutral negator positive neutral !
neutral from neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier playing neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral you from
neutral my hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral my fpl neutral negative neutral the neutral positive .
chelsea positive hnegative to intensifier
hpositive to neutral that lol
goalgasm
diminisher neutral you hpositive negator positive
neutral neutral liked that the neutral neutral positive themselv hpositive send-off . and if neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from their neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral saf standards and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral negator chelsea neutral
neutral neutral neutral the allianz of neutral places neutral neutral .
should neutral happened neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral with ronny johnsen neutral neutral winners medals neutral neutral negative games .
neutral hpositive neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral chelsea neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral twists and neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive decimated my cortisol levels to bits . neutral neutral would negator neutral anyon neutral to neutral ; lows , highs , and everyth neutral neutral
neutral positive thi neutral the circlejerk
neutral positive the neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral relegated positive neutral ward-prowse has to neutral cuz positive neutral positive negative hpositive of neutral neutral to neutral playing neutral the negative imo .
neutral poch positive neutral to negative the neutral for neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral teams to hpositive neutral neutral neutral cups neutral . neutral positive changed when they neutral neutral cl neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the cl
nop , the neutral negative , if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral teams neutral the neutral ucl .
neutral knocks spurs neutral if they neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral , which neutral negator neutral neutral that hpositive .
neutral negative that would neutral neutral neutral the neutral pulled positive .
negator for that hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral negative anyth .
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral negator , neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive for neutral of chelsea 's scattergun neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive becaus chelsea neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral windows that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for the neutral to neutral you negator neutral neutral and neutral players to hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral my hnegative positive what they positive negator .
neutral , that neutral should neutral neutral for europe
neutral hnegative neutral neutral chelsea standards , hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier of those neutral players neutral the cl diminisher than to years neutral . goals neutral to months hnegative neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral .
your neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral negative your username becaus everyon neutral neutral knows neutral neutral to neutral neutral owned neutral alisher usmanov . neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral companies , neutral positive to neutral neutral reports for the hpositive ups , which neutral neutral 's positive !
neutral words from neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , including the neutral of neutral from brighton , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral him and neutral neutral that neutral has neutral negative of players and uses them intensifier positive
what positive neutral
neutral you neutral neutral eto'o ? marco neutral ? the nonces neutral neutral for chavsea and neutral the negative for years ? neutral you neutral your neutral neutral ? neutral neutral .
what multiquestion neutral multiquestion ( positive to neutral and hpositive negator neutral neutral )
hnegative
neutral neutral accounts neutral of neutral , bayern neutral barca should've neutral neutral that neutral . that intensifier neutral neutral neutral arguably hpositive than the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive hnegative neutral the champions neutral .
positive . neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative , neutral hnegative neutral , from liverpool , neutral , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral with greece neutral and neutral with chelsea neutral the neutral that neutral positive someth that hpositive positive negator neutral you to hnegative .
neutral you positive neutral . grealish neutral with neutral for neutral seasons neutral the negative neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator positive of .
poch positive negator positive neutral temporar neutral
nope . neutral teams from neutral neutral positive
what neutral you neutral ? neutral and neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral and neutral neutral , if spurs makes neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral whose neutral they positive neutral
negator when we negative
you neutral negator neutral positive you positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with .
neutral neutral negator heard neutral fans neutral for usamanov to neutral neutral . we positive owned and neutral positive negator neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator neutral positive the neutral .
usmanov neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive owned neutral neutral neutral which . neutral could neutral positive the neutral of wakanda neutral that positive the and would negator neutral mattered neutral neutral diminisher .
the neutral of neutral would negator neutral negative . neutral brighton neutral neutral neutral identifying positive neutral they positive their neutral neutral . chelsea neutral ready-made superstars . we neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral ponds intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral terms of neutral targets .
chelsea positive neutral underperforming neutral hiring neutral . neutral failed to neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral ; neutral neutral negator catalyse , neutral , neutral negative the neutral chelsea neutral neutral neutral the neutral months . the neutral of the ukraine neutral positive initiated the neutral neutral chelsea 's fortunes becaus neutral dislodged abramovic neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . boehly neutral negative positive neutral clueless when neutral neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral has the neutral neutral and neutral holds neutral neutral to authorise transfers . neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral neutral has enabled to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral .
partey neutral plays for neutral raped neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive to neutral prosecuted positive to neutral negative .
grealish neutral intensifier negative to neutral , neutral positive failed transfers to spurs and neutral neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral grealish neutral negative intensifier of neutral neutral would negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral prowse positive hpositive neutral positive negator negative and has intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral the negative we could neutral him neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
duh , positive . that positive what neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral if chelsea positive ucl and neutral positive neutral positive you positive negator neutral ucl neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive
if neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral companies neutral negator positive neutral becaus having neutral neutral neutral gives you neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive the neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral fans hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral helps you to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral owned neutral for vibes , negator neutral positive neutral .
>chelsea positive neutral underperforming they positive neutral positive matches . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negator negative . neutral signed neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative . if neutral would wanted to neutral , neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive for prowsie to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral when neutral neutral him jumped neutral neutral neutral . hpositive negator positive neutral would neutral neutral .
unless we negative
we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral r/gunners intensifier neutral positive neutral you neutral !
neutral positive hpositive to neutral with you and /u/beefshitz
we neutral negator negative neutral neutral . neutral chelsea fans intensifier neutral .
neutral owned neutral neutral the hopes of neutral neutral neutral neutral kroenke neutral him positive . positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral commencing neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative they asked for neutral positive . neutral neutral the positive neutral has positive shit , neutral the neutral . they neutral negator positive neutral for putin neutral neutral , if they positive neutral positive neutral your neutral . your neutral has benefitted from “ neutral neutral neutral ” diminisher neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive . neutral positive negator positive hnegative . usmanov neutral the richest neutral neutral the uk and neutral neutral neutral negative points
neutral neutral the shares for neutral neutral investing that positive positive “ neutral neutral neutral ” , multiplied , neutral into the pockets of neutral of putin 's long-time favourites . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon neutral neutral knows neutral usmanov and neutral
chelsea fans chanted for abromovich to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to chelsea-brentford neutral neutral . neutral months neutral the neutral neutral of ukraine , chelsea neutral positive neutral flags neutral neutral the neutral hoardings . neutral positive cunty neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral transfers . kroenke positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive positive what neutral neutral
>alisher usmanov . negative of neutral fans wanted alisher usmanov to neutral the controlling neutral of the neutral neutral stan kroenke . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral pictures ? hpositive to neutral positive . what positive negative neutral neutral ? and neutral , neutral neutral neutral accounts of chelsea fans neutral for neutral to positive neutral ukraine ?
neutral neutral , you neutral fuck hnegative with that negative .
ah , talkshite , the neutral of hnegative hitting neutral
neutral : neutral could neutral neutral if neutral neutral has neutral hnegative seasons
neutral klopp positive the neutral neutral neutral
kati neutral neutral that ? !
negative neutral stating the hpositive
when neutral kati neutral reporting neutral neutral ?
nah they positive negator
neutral neutral neutral neutral pisses neutral hnegative intensifier than neutral alex neutral to neutral dure the
neutral negator you neutral neutral positive that , neutral positive neutral positive
the neutral neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral and scores the neutral positive positive positive the neutral .
neutral the shit positive from your fans neutral klopp would negator neutral your negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral themselv neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral midfielder you positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? positive that you ?
neutral the victims
neutral neutral neutral negative tbf . thiago positive hnegative negative , fabinho neutral neutral / neutral and henderson positive negative neutral . keita 's guaranteed to neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral fuck yourself
you should hpositive players from neutral threatened teams tbh .
neutral
the worms neutral neutral neutral shithole of neutral neutral . neutral hpositive them
neutral neutral scousers
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral , if negator neutral . neutral negative neutral .
neutral 's neutral positive , negator of these players neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral for . negator neutral positive neutral these sums of neutral . neutral positive neutral enzo positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral that chelsea paid for him . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral superstar midfielder , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral performances for neutral chelsea neutral that positive positive neutral thi neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral when you neutral these sums you neutral to neutral them for years . neutral neutral positive neutral positive to and neutral diminisher months sinc neutral positive joined , neutral him neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral chelsea thi neutral ? negator negative neutral guys . neutral my hnegative neutral positive diminisher overhyped , hes neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral would negator neutral the hype that neutral neutral . positive neutral negative zaha neutral where neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? fdj has positive neutral seasons neutral barca , amrabat neutral intensifier positive hyped neutral into the wc and positive years hpositive than enzo , kante positive hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when hpositive , tchouameni neutral for neutral intensifier and neutral positive hpositive .
if chelsea would neutral waited they would probs neutral him cheaper neutral the neutral , neutral the competsion to neutral him would neutral neutral positive negative
neutral you positive neutral ? neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral spaces has positive neutral . the negative of balls neutral positive played neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative how neutral the players neutral of him neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive and they neutral him neutral neutral positive for years . neutral positive positive intensifier refreshed the midfield from diminisher jorginho negative . what neutral neutral you negative to neutral from him ?
neutral positive negator should neutral neutral unless they neutral neutral of the legends neutral their neutral , positive neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , you neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the initials . everyth positive intensifier positive neutral , diminisher hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral wised , enzo positive neutral intensifier hpositive . positive neutral of the hpositive players neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral ️
neutral negative neutral with you , negator neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral negative the players neutral rights and sponsors and neutral that , the neutral neutral hpositive bs if neutral players positive neutral ms . enzo positive negator the neutral lampard neutral neutral you that , neutral neutral negator neutral the positive and the neutral of neutral . neutral the hpositive of the youngest positive of wc neutral negator neutral , hnegative players shined neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral neutral / / neutral to neutral that hpositive . neutral would intensifier neutral that hpositive to ounahi , the neutral neutral neutral positive praised neutral lui enrique… fdj neutral negator hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral couldnt hpositive their neutral negator neutral fdj . amrabat positive neutral negative , neutral neutral him neutral fiorentina neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of him neutral duels . tchouameni positive neutral enzo positive what neutral camavinga , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative . neutral we neutral neutral that kante positive the neutral intensifier , neutral neutral .
positive duels ( neutral that neutral neutral against bvb ) , neutral the neutral neutral stronger , ( neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive negative ) neutral neutral passes to their neutral , neutral neutral the lines hpositive ( neutral the neutral neutral parts negator to parts ) neutral intensifier hpositive neutral defending… . and intensifier multiexclamation neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral places ? for neutral negative him to neutral that neutral neutral of neutral places positive im having neutral messi neutral neutral multiexclamation what you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral places maaaaan felix and kai neutral neutral players ? hnegative neutral
we could neutral neutral players that positive hnegative to neutral starts and positive multistop and the neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you positive fdj could negator negative neutral when barca when they positive neutral their negative neutral enzo positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral chelsea . enzo 's neutral positive neutral hpositive teams neutral hpositive leagues neutral the neutral months . neutral him neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral of thi chelsea neutral sinc neutral , if negator positive positive neutral positive . enzo and lampard neutral neutral hpositive players and negator neutral has neutral claimed neutral positive neutral the neutral lampard . neutral my hnegative neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral positive to kante neutral neutral than neutral lampard . neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and neutral ups positive kante neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral neutral boxes , neutral neutral neutral to challenges and negative .
negator positive chelsea positive neutral neutral neutral him , changing coaches neutral the season… we neutral positive chelsea neutral negator hpositive what to neutral with the neutral . and enzo positive neutral negative enzo neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator kante neutral lampard , neutral neutral neutral neutral comparing him to lampard multistop the neutral negator neutral positive duels , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral passes neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator ozil 's , neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral , negator intensifier hpositive . enzo positive hpositive neutral positive . that neutral neutral neutral him hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral liverpool
afcb liverpool becaus we positive positive with minutes neutral .
neutral neutral
nathan ake
neutral prowse neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral positive pieces
andres pereira
onana has positive negative for everton . they positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator him and neutral neutral neutral positive destined for neutral neutral neutral neutral . pinnock for brentford . if neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral would neutral the negative of neutral . neutral negator neutral , negative neutral the neutral , and neutral with the neutral neutral neutral feet .
neutral neutral positive negative maguire pleaaaase
- chelsea neutral negator hpositive him
neutral neutral we neutral to neutral diminisher of brighton 's players tbh . trossard neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , mitoma , caicedo , neutral allister , neutral , ferguson . neutral if neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral positive positive mitoma .
neutral groß - neutral neutral , neutral neutral , positive goals where needed , undressing fools with neutral cruyff neutral . if neutral could neutral neutral neutral kicks neutral , neutral would neutral hnegative .
neutral schär . has positive intensifier positive neutral neutral of the positive defences neutral the neutral . neutral puts neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral injuries neutral . positive overlooked when neutral neutral negative neutral our neutral neutral trippier , neutral and botman neutral the plaudits . to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral
brennan johnson 's positive putting neutral shifts . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative .
raya and leno neutral positive positive olli watkins has positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive mee has neutral neutral neutral the neutral . btw , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive club…probably negator negative underrated lol
has anyon neutral wondered if thi subreddit positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for fivr clickfarm copywriters ?
neutral negator positive the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral prowse neutral neutral positive positive pieces . if your neutral stat neutral positive neutral neutral neutral stats and you positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral for the neutral midfield neutral e.g. neutral neutral , neutral passes etc . if you positive to neutral your eyes positive neutral should negator neutral hnegative to neutral that neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher iniesta neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral stones , hes the positive cb neutral the leauge
positive neutral of pereria and raya . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive willock . neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral yaya toure neutral our neutral , with neutral hpositive to neutral neutral into neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier positive , neutral neutral positive neutral into hpositive positions neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral games .
olli watkins hpositive . neutral contributions neutral games neutral neutral . could positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher mentioned .
allison
