thi reminds neutral to thi neutral neutral neutral when everybodi tought liverpool positive positive everyth multistop
neutral neutral neutral > neutral cups , neutral from where neutral positive when eth neutral neutral , to where they would neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral my hnegative neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . arteta has neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive seasons to neutral the foundations of neutral neutral .
neutral negative trophies positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral into neutral hnegative comp intensifier they neutral neutral positive the pl to positive neutral
negative neutral negative neutral fans neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral tf neutral neutral has to neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative if neutral happened fans of neutral teams neutral gonna neutral their shit outta them . the neutral positive negator intensifier neutral
and neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral with haaland , neutral bruyne and guardiola hnegative
positive to neutral brighton neutral positive neutral ( neutral ) neutral , and neutral neutral them to neutral neutral tbh .
we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive midfield neutral . neutral neutral neutral we diminisher positive positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive with to trophies thi neutral .
neutral hnegative challenging the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral looks to hpositive them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier would you positive arteta has managed neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative has managed neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral you would positive the neutral neutral . neutral what neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive how thi neutral began for them .
neutral managers neutral neutral neutral achieving . my negative positive hpositive neutral neutral positive overachieving intensifier thi neutral . if thi neutral years neutral and you neutral thi negative with the neutral circumstances positive the neutral positive hpositive arteta . neutral becaus neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and has flipped neutral neutral neutral from what neutral arguably their hnegative neutral neutral neutral decades . neutral positive neutral negative neutral which neutral positive positive achieving intensifier with that they neutral . arteta has positive intensifier neutral and neutral hnegative has positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral what neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral positive positive .
hpositive
neutral negative
the prem positive positive positive , neutral which neutral has positive managed hpositive ?
ehh efl neutral we positive positive neutral neutral and played negative neutral neutral neutral and saliba . would negator neutral surprised if arteta neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for that comp negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral against brighton neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral we hpositive fumbled the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator of neutral neutral hpositive your players neutral diminisher positive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral looks to neutral neutral you neutral the neutral . neutral we positive neutral when we positive neutral neutral hnegative comps negative intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive positive to positive we neutral neutral focused neutral the neutral . we neutral positive negative for intensifier neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral positive helped that we neutral positive knocked neutral of the cups
intensifier would you neutral neutral and negative trophies neutral the neutral neutral ?
that positive positive what arteta has neutral neutral neutral
arteta positive neutral neutral neutral clawing neutral the neutral hnegative that wenger/emery positive allowed to neutral
that positive what neutral positive , to neutral positive competitors and favourites neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral , that positive the neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral bringing that neutral , we positive thi neutral saf
neutral has . the neutral neutral of players neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral and we neutral neutral diminisher neutral needed additions to thi neutral neutral we neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral reminds neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral you neutral neutral that the positive positive neutral and the neutral positive neutral . we neutral neutral anyon ( intensifier neutral neutral ) neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive we positive neutral what eth neutral with neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral arteta positive diminisher neutral positive neutral the neutral
positive .
negator positive that becaus thi positive arteta 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and eth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative negative
neutral positive positive negative positive and if neutral wins neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral to neutral ) . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive rarified neutral .
neutral positive neutral arteta neutral neutral negative of hnegative players and moulding the neutral into neutral challengers ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier
neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive than ragnick and diminisher hnegative than ogs . and that positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher bringing neutral neutral boys from ajax . to positive that eth positive revolutionising neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral you would positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral managers neutral overachieving . which neutral positive neutral hpositive ? the neutral neutral neutral , hpositive .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral decades ? positive we positive saf neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative sinc the neutral decades you neutral mentioning we neutral negative pls , neutral cups and neutral cups and neutral the ucl neutral eth has positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral positive negator , neutral positive intensifier positive that you positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative trophies , the neutral positive positive , the neutral players neutral neutral positive neutral and positive playstyle , the positive players neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral playing neutral , intensifier neutral neutral takes neutral to neutral positive and neutral neutral and neutral , intensifier neutral vs neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive games . you hpositive neutral neutral positive they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral seasons . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive points neutral games neutral neutral . thi neutral they neutral from games . points neutral . neutral neutral intensifier points that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , hnegative teams neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive cups neutral neutral gets titles .
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , eth has neutral neutral . neutral arteta neutral neutral meme neutral and neutral them champions . neutral positive neutral you thi , eth 's neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral hpositive than arteta 's neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher positive the prem neutral neutral neutral competing and negative hpositive trophies whilst neutral neutral edges neutral for positive for neutral .
artetas neutral positive neutral neutral with diminisher of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral campaigns . eth positive positive diminisher until neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that how neutral neutral . negative you neutral neutral neutral neutral chelsea neutral neutral to arteta neutral neutral if you neutral hpositive neutral neutral
what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral , hpositive to the neutral needed neutral neutral positive to what neutral neutral needed . neutral hnegative looks positive neutral positive achieving that
arteta 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , with neutral hnegative neutral and negator neutral neutral . eth positive the neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral players of the hpositive of casemiro .
neutral hpositive ? arteta neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and chelsea neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral that haaland . neutral neutral battling for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . would you neutral the levels neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of points which positive hnegative positive the would neutral to positive neutral of their remaning games . sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral has positive neutral points . hnegative to neutral that arsenals neutral positive hpositive than neutral of those positive neutral of those teams neutral neutral neutral neutral competitions to the intensifier neutral , which neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral what neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? for saf neutral standards , positive negative positive hnegative , neutral comparing that to the shambles we positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral
and with neutral hnegative neutral to neutral
and positive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral . eth positive favorites for the neutral of the neutral neutral having positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive hpositive favorites for the neutral negative . arteta neutral neutral of those neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive when teams neutral positive trophies intensifier positive than hpositive neutral .
positive and neutral the neutral years we neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral campaigns . neutral positive neutral rivals to neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral . liverpool neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral positive the greatest until covid stalled neutral .
okay , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hnegative has neutral them neutral . positive neutral neutral positive neutral arteta neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral the questions neutral
neutral neutral season— having neutral neutral when neutral positive and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . eth has neutral positive the positive of playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive negator happened neutral . neutral against neutral neutral them neutral the neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral , you negator hpositive becaus neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral if you hpositive neutral their neutral seasons , eth 's neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than arteta , neutral negator positive anyth intensifier that becaus eth hasn't positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral teams positive hnegative
for neutral negative thi neutral positive neutral negative negative .
neutral , for the neutrals thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral chelsea intensifier neutral neutral to neutral myself neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral
neutral shittico .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative thi neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral
the neutral neutral vs . the hpositive neutral
neutral of neutral the games neutral neutral , thi neutral has the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral becaus neutral positive neutral of the 'big neutral positive guaranteed to neutral neutral tv .
neutral positive games neutral . thi positive neutral neutral the neutral positive of them neutral . hpositive mid-table neutral . vs
neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral of the hnegative games of the neutral . the neutral anfield neutral intensifier unwatch . hpositive hnegative neutral from neutral neutral . neutral chelsea neutral negator neutral , they neutral shit neutral hnegative neutral of someth and we neutral neutral hnegative and diminisher negator positive neutral from anfield . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative . negative neutral everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with their neutral results . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative neutral liverpool - chelsea neutral games neutral diminisher neutral shit . neutral positive neutral when we neutral eachother neutral neutral competitions where neutral gets intensifier positive for neutrals .
klopp positive hpositive changes , the negative positive how neutral . neutral the neutral neutral called neutral players that positive negative 'ok' positive , neutral others positive shit : alisson , henderson , fabinho , gakpo if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and replaced neutral hnegative players you positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of : alisson milner - gomez - matip - tsimikas oxlade-chamberlain - fabinho - henderson nuñez - firmino - gakpo neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher positive and hnegative intensifier we positive neutral someth neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative positive salah benched neutral neutral virgil benched neutral with neutral neutral of the fullbacks . with neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher protected from the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive to hpositive things neutral hnegative , neutral positive positive the neutral neutral . what neutral neutral him neutral positive negative negative ? diminisher hnegative , neutral ?
neutral positive positive the neutral , that positive negator hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
positive chelsea positive neutral neutral you neutral with my neutral neutral nufc negative hpositive than liverpool
could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive negative negative hnegative neutral . neutral teams neutral intensifier positive circumstances neutral the neutral , neutral teams neutral neutral , chelsea neutral neutral the neutral hpositive and neutral “ neutral neutral ” hpositive , neutral their neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative positive . neutral could neutral neutral to chelsea neutral to liverpool neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral could neutral neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi .
thi neutral neutral shit neutral expected lol
what neutral neutral neutral that neutral
and neutral neutral positive neutral injures neutral the neutral teams neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral ruled that negator neutral hpositive neutral points and intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , the players positive neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral positive , with neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral ballon payments for everton 's positive neutral .
thi neutral has neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher than hours . neutral neutral
that would neutral hpositive than their neutral neutral where they positive intensifier hnegative neutral the fans neutral
what if neutral neutral negative neutral the positive that neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral teams ?
neutral neutral liverpool fan…i'm negator neutral my neutral for neutral neutral of neutral either….the neutral neutral they played neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral for neutral diminisher chances that muydrak neutral when neutral neutral neutral . and neutral then…not neutral hpositive neutral lol . neutral hnegative everyon neutral positive neutral to neutral themselv to neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral hoping neutral teams positive neutral positive they neutral neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral teams attacks positive neutral neutral hpositive and we could neutral neutral neutral fest !
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral has to .
thi neutral positive
yep , neutral the carlsberg neutral neutral multistop neutral
thi positive neutral neutral
negative liverpool neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive that alisson has hnegative the neutral positive chances neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral
lol
fuck neutral . thi neutral neutral hnegative . thi positive negator neutral neutral . neutral teams neutral neutral shambles . neutral neutral neutral hpositive dure the
neutral neutral positive neutral gomez neutral rb with konate and matip neutral the pairing
klopp loves salah negative neutral to neutral him , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral with vvd , neutral we could neutral milner neutral taa
neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral for neutral neutrals !
lol you negator neutral positive . neutral positive positive neutral shite for liverpool neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral someth to neutral with liverpool and chelsea neutral positive clubs and brighton neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral of liverpool neutral our hnegative neutral neutral klopp . positive neutral neutral neutral lasts .
neutral , neutral thiago has negative and positive expected to neutral neutral for months .
if you neutral bored makes you neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral hoss .
haha negator
neutral neutral negator neutral substitutes salah , intensifier when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral yanked him hnegative with to neutral to goals positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral
positive neutral ? neutral teams having neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . screams to neutral . leeds neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive for neutral . that positive where neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive negative .
neutral intensifier positive neutral , neutral positive diminisher hpositive for fans of neutral clubs .
negative neutral
" the hnegative positive thiago , positive neutral takes the neutral neutral , and neutral looks hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive liverpool 's neutral neutral positive . "
negator positive neutral neutral neutral liverpool and chelsea neutral positive shit
neutral negative you positive neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral neutral of messages for diminisher neutral and the lineups neutral neutral and intensifier .
intensifier hpositive , intensifier positive neutral positive subbed hnegative against neutral . would neutral positive to neutral how we neutral negator him neutral
neutral neutral to positive . neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral wanted to neutral my neutral eyes neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . virgil positive hpositive hnegative neutral salah benched positive neutral positive neutral
negative you hpositive neutral negator negative liverpool neutral
intensifier neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral negative to neutral thi , positive neutral from klopp
neutral them neutral neutral with diminisher neutral chances neutral anyth neutral neutral the neutral positive negator positive . neutral positive positive neutral the highlights if they neutral destroyed neutral neutral edit* neutral neutral what neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral that neutral

mendy fofana-silva-badiashile chillwell-kante-enzo-james félix sterling-havertz
neutral positive neutral : gk - neutral adegoke ( negative neutral ) rb - loftus-cheek cb - chalobah cb - cucurella lb - neutral cm - tauriainen cm - chukwuemeka rw - pulisic neutral - hutchinson lw - mudryk cf - aubameyang that positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral , intensifier of hnegative neutral and neutral neutral of shit neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral !
neutral hnegative positive the players neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral their positive performers ( neutral , chilwell & kante ) negator neutral neutral for intensifier than games neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral when you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and you neutral neutral players neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral madueke neutral positive their positive neutral
positive the positive neutral for chelsea mendy fofana neutral badiashile neutral enzo kante neutral havertz felix neutral / neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral madueke .
neutral positive neutral - gk - kepa - badiashille cb - koulibaly rcb - fofana - enzo cm-kante lm-chilwell rm-reece cam-mount - havertz - joao
kepa , neutral , fofana , neutral , badiashile , chilwell , kante , kovacic , enzo , felix , neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral and neutral
you neutral to utilise neutral and chilwell neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative negator positive neutral for them and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral aubamayang positive neutral diminisher him neutral than diminisher of their hnegative positive neutral neutral that negator negative neutral positive of chelseaaaaaaa chelseaaaaaa chelseaaaaaaa
" gk - that neutral rb - that neutral cb - that neutral cb - that neutral lb - that neutral cdm - that neutral cm - that neutral cm - that neutral rw - that neutral st - havertz lw - that neutral " - neutral boehly , neutral
neutral beggars positive that they positive to trillions pounds and neutral positive to neutral havertz neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral , neutral !
bettinelli hpositive - ampatu - sarr - neutral rahman hudson-odoi - bakayoko - zakaria lukaku - aubameyang - nkunku
neutral your lineup enzo neutral to kante neutral neutral neutral neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral , enzo has neutral played neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral hnegative sinc neutral positive negator neutral my hnegative the positive negative although neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive negator neutral positive .
negative everyon neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral kepa neutral , fofana , neutral , badiashile , chilwell enzo , kante felix , havertz , mudryk
mendy fofana-silva-badiashile chillwell-kante-enzo-james havertz-nkunku-mudryk
neutral positive neutral neutral gk : mendy rwb : reece rcb : we cb : neutral lcb : badiashile lwb : neutral rdm : kante ldm : enzo neutral : neutral ls : felix rs : havertz mendy neutral kepa becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive him hnegative the neutral that neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral than kepa . the hnegative with thi lineup positive , neutral neutral , havertz and felix positive neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral strikers . negator of them neutral for the hnegative to neutral hnegative of . neutral , they neutral neutral with negative . intensifier , neutral the positive could neutral neutral gk : mendy lb : neutral lcb : neutral rcb : we rb : neutral cdm : enzo rcm : kante lcm : neutral rw : madueke , ziyech , neutral ? st : havertz , broja , auba ? lw : mudryk , pulisic , felix ? negative neutral attacking options with nkunku arriving neutral the neutral .
- édouard mendy - positive chilwell - thiago neutral - kalidou koulibaly - reece neutral - enzo fernández ( neutral kanté if neutral proves neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) - mateo kovačić - raheem neutral ( could neutral neutral mudryk neutral pulisić neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral hnegative ) - neutral neutral - neutral ziyech - joao félix
if everyon positive neutral multistop mendy reece neutral . thiago neutral . fofana . chilwell . enzo fernandez . kante . kovacic . neutral . felix . broja .
would diminisher neutral auba neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator negative hpositive than havertz neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive
neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral
hpositive neutral
imo would neutral neutral hpositive kepa fofana-silva-badiashile chillwell-kante-enzo-kovacic-james félix-havertz
neutral neutral . what neutral you negative neutral ? puligoat the lebron neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral the london chelsea neutral to the neutral playoffs of the champions neutral , neutral and neutral !
intensifier neutral . neutral of the reasons neutral positive hnegative for neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral of injuries neutral europe neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and games positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to positive neutral negative etc intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
you positive intensifier neutral until you neutral kk neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral of kante neutral kovacic . neutral neutral takes neutral neutral intensifier of positive . neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral of the with neutral neutral havertz
lol
multistop
that neutral neutral neutral
neutral with injuries our neutral should neutral neutral the neutral with the positive neutral . neutral positive hnegative for neutral for him neutral himself which positive hpositive neutral . neutral 's negative neutral positive to neutral the players to neutral their positive . neutral positive hpositive the neutral they played the neutral of dortmund that the players neutral neutral motivated neutral they motivated themselv . neutral positive the neutral .
thi lineup neutral for neutral 's neutral . having neutral neutral neutral and negator including him neutral the playing positive neutral neutral
chelsea 's positive areas neutral the wingbacks intensifier the positive should neutral neutral them , kovacic and enzo neutral the would neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of everyth . havertz positive negator neutral midfielder and neutral hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral
edited becaus maths positive negator my strongest neutral ! although with players we positive neutral neutral hpositive
positive you should neutral to r/soccercirclejerk
positive carlo would neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral if neutral positive injuries neutral neutral neutral .
havertz positive intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral enzo and kante / kovacic would neutral him neutral neutral . neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . how neutral has positive playing thi neutral positive the neutral , negator the positive . positive negator neutral .
neutral negator klopp positive to neutral liverpool to neutral negative of seasons neutral hnegative having neutral of injuries and negator cbs ?
you negator neutral neutral neutral / hnegative neutral midfield with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , they would neutral neutral , havertz positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral thi neutral , hes negative positive to felix to neutral them neutral and neutral negative the neutral and negative of neutral neutral . thi positive negative neutral of chelsea 's hnegative , neutral neutral of them , they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral and players that neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral of players from neutral negative of hpositive managers that neutral positive hpositive styles and systems that intensifier neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral positive shit , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral you negative the neutral where neutral , spurs , and chelsea positive neutral neutral their dicks to negator neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative of the hnegative teams , neutral neutral hpositive neutral when you neutral neutral how neutral klopp positive neutral that to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral where neutral utd neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative liverpool positive to neutral phillips and fabinho neutral cbs . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral utd neutral jt neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral klopp neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral from the neutral neutral thinks havertz should neutral neutral neutral negative midfield neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier clueless . neutral you neutral the chelsea lineup neutral ? neutral positive hpositive what neutral suggested with neutral negative of neutral changes and neutral negator intensifier for neutral neutral the neutral . midfield of enzo kante and kovacic . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
positive neutral neutral spurs , neutral , and chelsea neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative , my neutral neutral stands that neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral those neutral of injuries . and neutral neutral diminisher them neutral neutral and intensifier the teams neutral them playing positive neutral .
negator , you neutral ‘don carlo would neutral neutral hnegative neutral if neutral positive injuries neutral neutral time' , the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and that neutral neutral negative of their positive would neutral . my neutral neutral that hpositive managers neutral coped with neutral hnegative , klopp neutral the hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral chelsea , neutral neutral neutral utd neutral neutral positive liverpool neutral negative of seasons neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . kabak and phillips neutral negator neutral .
ah intensifier you neutral negator positive positive . that positive negative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral of neutral positive , neutral their neutral neutral and neutral the injuries they neutral , would neutral to neutral neutral top-four neutral . your neutral of klopp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years of neutral , negator neutral months .
neutral neutral neutral neutral / negative neutral neutral and diminisher neutral and neutral positive neutral someth neutral neutral . the chelsea neutral hpositive showed that when neutral loses the brighton neutral neutral and neutral positive asked to neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral dollars neutral of players that neutral boehly pulled neutral of neutral neutral , neutral could negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral managers would neutral positive positive to positive neutral that neutral .
rodgers diminisher hpositive neutral to spurs neutral neutral . neutral neutral would negative neutral neutral neutral from cont neutral neutral and rodgers positive that neutral .
zidane seems dead-set neutral the france neutral and neutral to neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral intensifier of clubs positive negative them . they neutral neutral hpositive managers
neutral , lui enrique , rodgers and , intensifier , neutral , neutral neutral neutral damaged hpositive atm , and neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive positions that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , atleti , neutral , psg , and neutral chelsea and spurs if they negator neutral anyon neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of these , spurs neutral positive . neutral with rodgers . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral the prem openning neutral negative for thi to from what neutral neutral and they neutral negator that negative neutral . lui enrique positive negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negative , and atleti neutral neutral positive of neutral , intensifier neutral of the neutral could neutral . zidane and nagelsmann neutral hpositive cases . zidane gets neutral neutral neutral neutral negative imo . neutral would you neutral psg positive neutral him the positive bags , neutral they hpositive that cl . nagelsmann positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral chelsea , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral to positive the positive egos and neutral the neutral positive neutral these clubs negative ( neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral the neutral ) . neutral positive neutral nagelsmann to spurs would neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier suited negative for neutral . spurs neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive them , and neutral gets to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral negative positive expectations .
specialists neutral what ?
positive neutral hpositive neutral br would neutral to spurs . gp to neutral seemed diminisher hpositive until neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
- rodgers to liverpool - nagelsmann to hertha - neutral to neutral neutral - lucho to psg - klopp neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ruegen - zidane neutral for hpositive hpositive
neutral neutral they neutral hpositive values and positive neutral hpositive neutral , negator positive neutral negative budgets ( although neutral struggled to positive them neutral neutral ends ) . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral we would neutral for neutral if our neutral makes neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negator positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral
could neutral thi diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier wanted neutral jim ratcliffe to neutral neutral , negative neutral positive follows neutral intensifier understands neutral , neutral positive neutral broughton neutral neutral positive neutral chelsea neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive chelsea fans . we neutral positive years of neutral what americans neutral neutral to neutral , neutral , and liverpool , and neutral intensifier neutral negator negative that for neutral . negator that neutral positive anyth positive hnegative with neutral neutral , neutral that they neutral neutral from neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , diminisher than for neutral hpositive of the neutral .
looks hpositive , spurs negator neutral rn
zidane positive nailed neutral neutral psg neutral imo , neutral positive positive the neutral for neutral the neutral of neutral neutral you neutral when you neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier , intensifier neutral paid neutral players and positive egos . neutral would negator neutral surprised if psg would neutral hnegative their neutral neutral neutral negative neutral zidane says neutral positive negative .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive him neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral would negator positive psg becaus of neutral hpositive to marseille .
zidane has positive tiped to neutral the positive psg neutral evry singel neutral psg neutral needed neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator happens .
neutral would neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral to that . we would neutral neutral devastated . the rumour neutral positive viera to neutral if marinakis sacks neutral , which would neutral negative hnegative neutral and neutral neutral of the hnegative we could hpositive . intensifier hnegative neutral for our neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral of the hnegative decisions neutral neutral our neutral .
neutral negator wanna neutral to psg , neutral negator neutral to wanna neutral to neutral neutral neutral england , bayern positive negator positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral italy positive gonna neutral what neutral makes . neutral neutral has neutral ?
neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral to intensifier neutral ? neutral raoul neutral the neutral of the negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive .
neutral liked vieira with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and with negative neutral positive neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral positive to hpositive that neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral that you could neutral neutral would neutral hpositive than neutral - and neutral negative you negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral deserves diminisher hpositive from the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral would neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral goals neutral positive neutral and the neutral neutral positive demonstrated neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral negative kane neutral negative positive negative , what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if that neutral 's neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of shit to neutral negative all-time neutral ? hpositive positive “ the ronald's ” ? negator hnegative with neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , positive , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem . if neutral would positive to hpositive intensifier to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral for neutral & competing neutral the negative negative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral would hpositive neutral neutral & neutral neutral that positive positive that you alluded to .
kane positive gonna neutral neutral spurs neutral , and neutral neutral leauge neutral . neutral the neutral negative neutral the likes of neutral neutral , vidic , aguero etc .
positive neutral positive neutral , neutral numbers neutral intensifier neutral immortalized neutral neutral positive , hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral trophies neutral negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral successes neutral knows neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negative trophies neutral bayern neutral someth and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative how hpositive neutral positive , hpositive that neutral negator neutral anyth with spurs intensifier neutral
hnegative neutral of the neutral , congrats
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive . positive neutral neutral for spurs fans positive le tiss neutral southampton
positive positive
shit neutral neutral negative to neutral england 's neutral neutral goalscorer , tottenhams neutral neutral goalscorer and neutral neutral to neutral the neutral leagues neutral neutral neutral goalscorer you positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for hnegative
negative neutral positive positive negative all-time-great and neutral would negator positive neutral him neutral 'serial winner' neutral positive neutral neutral kane negative all-time-great . negator has neutral anyth with england and kane positive achieved neutral intensifier with negative arguably weaker neutral . neutral neutral played for teams that positive hpositive neutral negator the positive , neutral neutral positive neutral positive . and neutral knows how neutral years kane 's positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of seasons neutral neutral him , neutral to neutral diminisher records , neutral positive someth and neutral positive those kinds of posts from neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral negative spurs neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral him . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral lifts the negative of neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , positive negator intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral . has negative positive negative with neutral feet , positive hpositive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral . when neutral plays for england neutral neutral neutral frustrated neutral him . neutral diminisher seems to positive to the neutral .
neutral neutral to positive someth and neutral positive that becaus the neutral neutral that kane has negator demonstrated neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral when neutral intensifier matters - when neutral positive neutral the neutral - becaus neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral those occasions . that positive what stops him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative all-time neutral becaus neutral negator that positive neutral that the positive players neutral .
neutral sinc neutral positive negator the positive neutral neutral neutral pl , the neutral positive negator . neutral neutral , awsome neutral , neutral that neutral . and neutral looks positive neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive and positive hpositive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral epl neutral neutral until neutral neutral breaks neutral neutral him .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral ronald our neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative to neutral how neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral negative kane positive than neutral neutral . neutral him neutral negative positive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for clicks .
greats neutral to neutral trophies . that positive neutral they neutral greats .
england and spurs' neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral would positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for those neutral . negative neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral and has neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier years . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral spurs negative positive when neutral has neutral negative of trophies neutral neutral neutral neutral detractors positive neutral negator to positive against him .
that positive positive hpositive , neutral positive positive intensifier positive positive the years and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative positive neutral the hnegative what to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral has neutral hnegative neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral tottenham intensifier neutral if neutral neutral negator
negator that positive hpositive , neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral cunt to neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral kante neutral of the nicest guys neutral the prem , neutral hes neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi , neutral diminisher asif neutral has negator expectations of negative anyth neutral tottenham , if neutral would ahve neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral should neutral that " nows my hpositive " neutral
that positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral what rooney neutral and positive neutral deeper to neutral the neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral the ballon d'or & neutral neutral of the neutral awards . kane hasn't neutral neutral to neutral neutral of those
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , balon neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral fans would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the hype . neutral neutral blackburn neutral neutral him for negative neutral neutral neutral negative .
negative kane positive negator neutral world-class neutral neutral your positive ?
for neutral neutral that loves alan neutral neutral neutral negator positive anyth with you neutral positive neutral that you positive neutral kane positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral alan neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the prem and has positive for intensifier than years
that positive the neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral the neutral positive hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? if grealish neutral neutral neutral would you neutral neutral him neutral negative ?
kante neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral . kane has neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral playing for neutral neutral that positive negator neutral for negative .
neutral with vincent janssen for neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive from neutral neutral
kane loves to neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral
gerrard neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive neutral playing for neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth
nope . neutral recognise that positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive bandied neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive - intensifier to neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral the positive occasions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negator for neutral . if you neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative strikers that neutral labelled neutral neutral neutral negative neutral benzema , mbappe , haaland etc they neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral and neutral ) neutral neutral neutral the positive occasions .
neutral neutral neutral positive someth . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth
positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with blackburn hpositive to neutral hnegative the negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral . neutral salah absolutly hpositive neutral . neutral neutral haaland absolutly hpositive neutral . neutral kane neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral fortottenham .
ahaha neutral someth we neutral neutral my positive !
grealish positive neutral hpositive neutral , hes negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral of the positive , the neutral neutral letting kane positive positive neutral negator of trophies and neutral neutral positive neutral spurs secured that neutral for himself . neutral neutral negator intensifier negative him neutral neutral , and if neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral of him intensifier sinc for tottenham neutral likes to neutral neutral and neutral where neutral likes to neutral .
kane 's positive playmak neutral neutral neutral mou when neutral would positive neutral , negative neutral for neutral and neutral balls neutral the neutral . negator that neutral and those positive moments neutral would neutral to neutral negative positive negator . against neutral neutral , neutral low-block neutral , kane would negator neutral diminisher the neutral playmak neutral .
gerrard neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , negator negator hpositive him to negative kane neutral neutral negator and missed the neutral hpositive penalties of neutral neutral .
what neutral gerrard neutral to neutral with neutral multiquestion hnegative than neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral liverpool positive . you positive comparing neutral with kane and neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral to neutral neutral positive positive negative all-time neutral . kane hasn't neutral neutral to achieving these , intensifier how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral ?
intensifier neutral with thi . neutral neutral what mbappe neutral neutral that wc neutral compared to what kane neutral against france .
what positive occasions has haaland showed neutral neutral to neutral him the neutral neutral neutral which eludes negative kane ?
neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral all-time neutral neutral neutral pl neutral and positive positive the neutral all-time neutral neutral for the england neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral that has neutral the likes of rooney , lineker , etc .
neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral that neutral themselv the neutral neutral , and neutral negator positive anyth neutral . neutral negator neutral for england neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral . your neutral positive intensifier negative . if negative kane wins neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? kane positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of players and strikers to neutral neutral trophies , you positive neutral diminisher positive names of neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral diminisher negative positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral scorers and england 's neutral goalscorers and neutral the names negative kane positive neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and has achieved thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the teams these hnegative players played for ( neutral rooney positive ferguson neutral neutral and neutral neutral of positive with him )
salah positive negator neutral neutral haalands positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive , kane neutral contributes to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than haaland neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral , kane drops intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator positive how your positive fits neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral : negative
the dfb-pokal neutral ( which positive the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of hpositive ) neutral which haaland neutral neutral neutral neutral dortmund neutral to positive the neutral
if neutral wins neutral neutral neutral and plays neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive occasions . would negator neutral neutral qualms with that neutral neutral .
>salah positive negator neutral neutral neutral , byebye . neutral
intensifier neutral showed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral and positive neutral neutral ? positive youri tielemans neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? would neutral negator hpositive intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral when judging neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator ? what positive your hnegative of thierri neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral positive occasions negative .
intensifier you neutral letting neutral neutral neutral neutral your hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral of neutral appearances ?
neutral intensifier positive negator lmfao
neutral neutral the epl and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral to negative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral to kane , the " neutral neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral anyth .
you neutral neutral negative negative neutral to neutral positive neutral and you hpositive neutral . of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral deciding what makes neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral that stops negative kane neutral neutral neutral and neutral him from the strikers that neutral neutral neutral . and neutral the neutral neutral - positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral dure neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative that if you compared neutral 's and kane 's performances neutral the positive occasions you positive intensifier neutral neutral that neutral played neutral neutral those matches wherea kane neutral negator .
negator that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral positive negator positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral hpositive appearances .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative to neutral your neutral .
that pokal neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral which you neutral positive neutral neutral kane and halaand neutral neutral neutral , which neutral hpositive negative neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tielemans neutral you seemed to neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral kane and halaand neutral positive neutral neutral their leagues the neutral diminisher years with kane neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than halaand neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive of neutral prem neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive becaus halaand has neutral neutral goals neutral neutral dfb pokal neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and kane positive negator . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi intensifier negative ? and neutral negative kane for the neutral .
that positive your hnegative neutral , hnegative to neutral neutral to you . neutral neutral neutral of england neutral negator neutral for him , hpositive epl neutral negator neutral negative neutral , that positive neutral .
you asked neutral for neutral of haaland neutral neutral neutral the positive occasions and neutral negative neutral to you . neutral neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral kane negator neutral neutral neutral the positive occasions when neutral positive neutral the neutral positive , for neutral , the neutral neutral that stops him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative strikers neutral neutral including haaland neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive occasions intensifier ( positive they neutral neutral the hnegative attributes that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ) that neutral my positive positive what elevates them neutral kane to the neutral neutral negative .
negative
neutral asked for neutral of positive occasions haaland showed neutral neutral and neutral you could neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral dfb pokal neutral against rb leipzig which neutral makes him neutral neutral , lol . we neutral gonna neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kane has neutral hpositive neutral handedly neutral neutral neutral neutral tottenham for the guts of the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to hpositive shearers neutral neutral prem neutral . halaand negative for hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral dfb pokal / neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral that when they neutral positive putting neutral neutral contributions neutral neutral . positive marcus rashford neutral neutral negative ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral against ye and positive having neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive showed neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive occasions , if negator intensifier , than halaand .
kane makes the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players hpositive neutral neutral neutral of diminisher , and neutral diminisher neutral gets neutral neutral if neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive to neutral neutral tbh
neutral the neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral pedro neutral neutral positive positive and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral the neutral and theatric , positive when kane positive pushed and neutral neutral neutral defending him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral positive the positive that winds neutral neutral .
neutral fans neutral neutral of hpositive their minds neutral neutral when discussing negative kane . their neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and they positive positive rationalise neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral would've neutral neutral their feet .
neutral 's neutral intensifier ; if thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral than kane , thi would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative kane with solanke and negator gives neutral shit .
you neutral summarised what positive hnegative with how the neutral positive officiated . neutral should negator neutral to neutral positive , the neutral neutral neutral var . intensifier hnegative whoever casemeiro shoved neutral negator neutral positive ? neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral neutral ufc neutral neutral neutral positive . the debates becaus neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and fans neutral neutral neutral of neutral
becaus would neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . footballers neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to how neutral they neutral to neutral positive and neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral negative neutral of the neutral that should neutral negator positive allowed to hnegative neutral to what neutral positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral gets neutral for neutral / neutral . neutral hpositive neutral happened intensifier neutral .
the neutral of pundits / journalists positive to neutral neutral negative , clicking neutral the videos , neutral the articles etc . their neutral , neutral neutral , positive to neutral neutral . intensifier , when jami carragher and neutral nevil neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral negator positive neutral what they neutral - they neutral what they neutral to positive to neutral neutral negative . that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative things - the neutral drives these neutral debates neutral neutral , becaus neutral hpositive neutral positive , you neutral the neutral of the neutral positive .
neutral negative kane . neutral neutral
