intensifier of brighton , fulham and brentford players . negator intensifier neutral with that neutral we positive neutral what neutral 's neutral brings…
neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative and negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral rafa benitez neutral neutral negative neutral you lads neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral of you intensifier when neutral neutral to " facts " hnegative you neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral negative neutral neutral expected to hpositive neutral positive ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral to positive positive neutral biased hnegative , neutral intensifier lol
neutral neutral positive that , positive = negator caring neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth
dafuck ? where neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's hpositive positive their neutral neutral positive neutral subpar midfielder with negative positive neutral hpositive . positive the negative neutral neutral “ positive ”
neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral downvoted intensifier neutral for neutral diminisher of negative . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive we neutral negative and we hpositive neutral
" hnegative . " that positive neutral neutral of neutral , negator hnegative . ffs
they neutral clubs neutral positive cities with positive populations , intensifier negative they positive neutral neutral intensifier of fans neutral positive and neutral . they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral fanbase neutral neutral their positive neutral takeovers . neutral positive to their positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the fanbase neutral positive hpositive neutral for the positive and negator becaus of their hpositive of the neutral itself
negator they neutral positive positive neutral fanbases neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral positive positive compared to diminisher hnegative clubs neutral the neutral neutral they positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral ( neutral with chelsea ) neutral the neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative leagues , neutral hpositive neutral neutral with your attempted neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral , neutral and liverpool neutral we positive neutral . if you neutral neutral negative to the neutral of the neutral negative of leagues , we positive neutral / diminisher positive neutral positive to the neutral ‘history' neutral negative . neutral neutral those positive neutral and we positive neutral neutral neutral terms of trophies , positive , positive events . negator positive neutral those positive neutral neutral terms of ‘history' for neutral neutral neutral
positive negative neutral shitpost from you , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral clubs neutral positive hpositive neutral fanbases neutral their histories , neutral neutral periods negator positive , neutral chelsea 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral dure the neutral and when neutral divisions neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the having neutral attendances ( neutral we neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral delays dure these hpositive ) . neutral negator neutral positive neutral whether neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral negator . stamford neutral and neutral neutral ( neutral 's neutral neutral ) neutral the neutral to records for negative neutral attendances neutral england , neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive . * *if we neutral discounting spurs neutral wembley , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive negative the positive neutral , and if we neutral discounting neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral , where they neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive negative , hpositive , neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive . intensifier positive = intensifier fans
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the comments . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral you negator neutral neutral chelsea neutral neutral neutral neutral unless negative neutral neutral chav gallagher neutral neutral neutral ‘arrrrr kid' . neutral you positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral and positive neutral
erm multistop neutral fans would positive they neutral neutral fans neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the takeovers
you neutral neutral chelsea neutral positive ? hnegative to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with spurs and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive if you neutral the neutral neutral neutral that ziad neutral neutral to neutral thi , positive positive neutral diminisher neutral and neutral negative neutral that neutral , hpositive hangouts neutral those clubs subs .
chelsea positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral of fans . sinc positive neutral , their neutral neutral has neutral intensifier positive to negative trophies . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral supported , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral they moved to their larger neutral . their positive neutral the neutral neutral them intensifier of neutral negative neutral which positive neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral , hnegative , hnegative the neutral , they neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . chelsea neutral neutral legit positive neutral , neutral intensifier blew neutral neutral the abramovic takeover .
neutral clubs neutral negative neutral the neutral for largest attendances neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral pre-takeover positive to neutral neutral positive neutral positive clubs neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive shows neutral neutral negator of neutral and makes the idiots hpositive to neutral .
positive neutral chelsea neutral for neutral neutral years , intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the takeover , neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral from the neutral for intensifier games than neutral neutral to positive . they positive neutral neutral supported where neutral neutral . neutral neutral the uk diminisher neutral years neutral , intensifier they managed to neutral champions neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive emigrated . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier years neutral positive hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive friends with neutral negative of neutral supporters neutral neutral neutral neutral the uk , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive years . intensifier negator the neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier others neutral becaus of these teams positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral has neutral overshadowed neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive negative fanbases , neutral positive neutral neutral and trophies to neutral positive clubs . neutral the negative they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral trophies neutral neutral the takeovers
neutral neutral intensifier of chelsea fans positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their intensifier neutral would positive they neutral neutral supported . you positive that from to when neutral neutral chelsea they positive negator neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive to the neutral neutral for neutral years .
neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral liverpool fans which neutral of their fans neutral positive positive hunters
attendees neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral fans positive negator negative neutral itself . neutral of hpositive neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . you would neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral fans , from neutral the positive doping , neutral hnegative countries . neutral positive negator hnegative with negator having intensifier of pre-infusion fans . you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and hpositive neutral to bits . neutral if neutral positive owned neutral neutral neutral that shits neutral neutral rights , and cheats neutral positive neutral to the neutral wins . hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that neutral fanbase positive neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral to positive thi - you neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral chelsea neutral neutral
when you positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral your arguement neutral positive multistop you called neutral neutral neutral hpositive for ucl neutral they positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral multistop neutral that has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral chelsea hovered neutral and for neutral years neutral neutral neutral multistop modtable would neutral
that positive neutral diminisher hnegative to positive we positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive our ups and downs ( neutral downs , with relegations ) , and positive neutral neutral periods of neutral the neutral neutral for hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral periods of neutral for neutral neutral for the neutral . we should neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral negative neutral , which hpositive positive negative neutral neutral how things progressed neutral the neutral neutral of the positive . neutral , neutral the neutral years neutral to neutral 's neutral , we neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , points hnegative neutral neutral losses ) , and we positive neutral our neutral and positive neutral the positive neutral - neutral hpositive neutral that neutral and ensured we neutral the neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral biased . neutral to positive neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral they neutral the hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral they positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral supporters neutral neutral neutral the take-over neutral they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive negator neutral
neutral neutral with hpositive neutral records than yanited
bro multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral nigeria multistop supported chelsea sinc the neutral of ruid gullit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nigeria and neutral neutral neutral chelsea ganes neutral tv wayyy neutral neutral multistop neutral your intensifier neutral chelsea neutral signing neutral neutral talents neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral england multistop negator negative neutral they positive and neutral neutral chelsea neutral negator neutral the negative neutral negative neutral neutral the
the positive you neutral positive with thi neutral positive how you hpositive positive neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral when my neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral games , neutral neutral when neutral and neutral the tv neutral neutral when negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to hpositive the neutral becaus of them . my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral liverpool my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral portsmouth with that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral them positive to their positive , neutral positive to neutral positive to neutral them from neutral hpositive happened to neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral england and neutral neutral to positive intensifier neutral neutral sinc positive for years and my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , positive she neutral positive neutral ? neutral positive she positive neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral thi neutral becaus neutral whom our neutral supported ? what im neutral neutral , positive neutral the positive neutral neutral england positive neutral generations of fans . neutral of which neutral neutral moved neutral from neutral , neutral the uk . neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral negator neutral from neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral to their children neutral the neutral . for neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral has publicy supported neutral teams , negator neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when their neutral neutral positive relegated neutral neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive chelsea fans neutral neutral neutral chelsea .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . you negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral .
negator neutral 's claiming that neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral the neutral , hpositive that they positive neutral neutral supported neutral - which positive hpositive .
becaus neutral positive negative neutral of hpositive to neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , for neutral , for liverpool , for neutral . we neutral neutral hpositive clubs , with varying degrees of neutral to neutral fanbases neutral england , neutral the neutral of our fanbases neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral of the clubs neutral neutral neutral of positive . neutral of neutral , and diminisher others to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral fans . neutral positive hnegative .
neutral you heard of neutral neutral called google ? saves neutral the hnegative
neutral
chelsea positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive until they positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral the neutral chelsea positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that they positive neutral intensifier negative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral ( if negator negative ) . mathew harding neutral neutral with the neutral and players positive gullit , vialli , zola , desially , le bouf followed . chelsea diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral should neutral
nottingham neutral neutral neutral the champions neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than nottingham neutral .
lol , neutral positive indisput neutral of the worlds positive clubs . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral citeh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral africa . you neutral chelsea neutral intensifier - neutral becaus neutral africa they loved drogba . neutral hnegative lmao neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral than chelsea , they neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral their neutral , neutral neutral .
and the neutral gets deleted multistop ahhhh neutral neutral shit neutral negator neutral multistop negative
that neutral neutral the neutral chelsea positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that they positive neutral intensifier negative . positive mathew harding neutral neutral with the neutral and players positive gullit , vialli , zola , desially , le bouf followed . chelsea diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral should neutral
>and neutral neutral chelsea neutral negator neutral the negative neutral negative neutral neutral the negator that bc they positive playing neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and neutral neutral diminisher neutral fans ? neutral positive that neutral eintracht neutral
‘i hpositive chelsea fans neutral neutral neutral chelsea' neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier
neutral fans hnegative , neutral has diminisher neutral diminisher . the broader hpositive positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral fans . neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative parts , neutral countries , neutral the takeover .
negative neutral if they positive neutral positive fanbase . that positive fans neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator " neutral neutral " neutral answered neutral neutral that neutral attempted neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive fanbase - wich positive hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive how neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive neutral . neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral etc for positive clubs becaus they positive neutral , neutral becaus they neutral positive fanbase multistop hnegative what neutral positive ( and to negative neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral )
neutral the stamford neutral neutral neutral the and positive to diminisher neutral of neutral situations neutral becaus the fans neutral hpositive negator positive ?
neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral the negative if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive
says you neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive clubs neutral the neutral neutral neutral , liverpool and neutral neutral neutral positive clubs than neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive clubs neutral the neutral , positive we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral positive someth to that .
hahahaha neutral neutral neutral lmao
> negative neutral if they positive neutral positive fanbase . that positive fans neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator " neutral neutral " neutral to you - neutral that neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral clubs that'd neutral neutral neutral well-supported . you neutral hpositive arguing neutral the neutral of what " positive fanbase " means .
neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative . we positive neutral debts positive to attempting to positive the neutral , which coincided with neutral neutral performances and relegations , and neutral fans started to hnegative neutral . that positive positive neutral positive neutral to our neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive negator the relegations .
negative you could neutral the hnegative neutral & neutral online … neutral hey neutral positive intensifier hpositive
negative positive negator neutral the neutral positive multistop
which neutral , hnegative ? neutral positive intensifier than neutral .
nah , neutral negator neutral neutral . fans neutral the stands neutral hpositive to the prem , positive the neutral neutral noises from lockdown ? neutral , if neutral helps you positive positive neutral " positive " neutral , neutral neutral . neutral everton fans neutral their neutral neutral neutral " negative " . seems positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral for what neutral positive neutral . citeh hpositive neutral negator neutral the fans neutral that intensifier positive clubs neutral . negator supports them neutral of neutral . neutral ? neutral . titles ? neutral . positive names ? neutral . neutral if haaland neutral neutral and scores hundreds of goals things positive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral compared to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral google and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive to neutral intensifier that neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral when the take-over happened
neutral , if you neutral negative negative to neutral that neutral , neutral you neutral positive negator into neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral . you neutral positive that and neutral neutral . no-one would neutral neutral diminisher of you . the hnegative neutral positive , you neutral neutral yourself neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and you neutral neutral to double-down .
negative yourself . chelsea positive neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral the neutral neutral points and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral how they positive neutral to positive the legaue . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral positive thi neutral if they hnegative the neutral neutral points . positive . they blew neutral becaus positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral points .
what neutral you negative neutral the prem for when our neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral that the neutral neutral to neutral neutral “ intensifier neutral ” positive to neutral neutral from hnegative continents positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral of clubs and their neutral .
the london positive neutral podcast has neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral called the positive cfc , hosted neutral the chelsea neutral . intensifier hpositive neutral if you neutral positive positive neutral chelsea neutral
neutral neutral , chelsea positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral .
games neutral the neutral they positive neutral ? hpositive for them .
clubs neutral you neutral them neutral neutral neutral . you neutral etihad airways and neutral neutral emirates airlines .
that hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral your neutral neutral that they positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral they positive , intensifier you neutral hnegative . hpositive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive for you neutral the neutral neutral .
negator they positive negator . from neutral they positive neutral the neutral . granted they positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral liverpool neutral they positive the positive of the neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral tours sinc the .
neutral you ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral and neutral winners neutral and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive negative neutral hpositive the trophies neutral the years neutral the neutral
positive , neutral neutral hpositive for them . we neutral . you positive neutral they positive neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , lol . you neutral diminisher neutral . how hyped your neutral neutral neutral for your neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . hpositive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral chelsea 's neutral cups , neutral neutral , champions neutral neutral neutral , neutral winners neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral which they neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral played intensifier ? hnegative negative . neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral points . neutral that neutral ?
neutral fans lecturing hnegative clubs neutral whether they neutral positive neutral negator . you neutral hpositive that your neutral neutral their neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral the neutral positive implies they neutral neutral positive hpositive " they positive hpositive to neutral neutral "
which neutral , hnegative ?
negator of those competitions positive neutral positive neutral that neutral . chelsea positive intensifier positive and diminisher neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral 's positive neutral .
neutral 's neutral multistop
we neutral played neutral and positive them ? neutral neutral you neutral neutral ? you neutral chelsea neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative emirates airlines neutral . negator hnegative what has to neutral with neutral . positive the intensifier fanbase that makes the prem the negative superleague negator neutral neutral hoots neutral and neutral , my allegiances and my opinions neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral struggled neutral . negator hnegative neutral , neutral liverpool and neutral neutral the positive neutral clubs neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral dnd chelsea . citeh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , vyying with spurs atm . neutral neutral positive that with haaland neutral could neutral neutral them neutral .
that positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of positive neutral . if that positive what neutral takes for you to neutral , positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral you neutral hnegative . you positive neutral neutral hnegative . and neutral positive negator changing that .
haha . you neutral neutral . positive neutral they hpositive for the champions neutral ? neutral neutral teams hpositive the cl neutral positive negative ?
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral that barca neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of the
neutral the leagues from hpositive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral negator negative anymore becaus neutral negator hnegative they neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral how you neutral neutral to neutral refs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator positive players neutral neutral goals against their neutral clubs , intensifier neutral would refs favour them ?
neutral intensifier positive these posts neutral neutral annoys neutral neutral diminisher . intensifier neutral players neutral fans from hpositive clubs and neutral thi neutral positive - neutral neutral you intensifier neutral they neutral " hnegative " becaus of that ? negator neutral would neutral that , we hpositive neutral neutral , becaus we neutral fans neutral ourselv and negator neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of him neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral - neutral negator negative neutral positive playing against whom . neutral neutral , neutral 's hpositive their neutral and neutral negator neutral " the hnegative guys neutral hpositive negative neutral positive " - neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral players neutral supported neutral and played for tottenham for neutral . thi positive negator intensifier negative positive for neutral positive adults . neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive and hpositive worshipping of neutral companies positive for neutral .
neutral cares when intensifier than neutral the refs neutral from neutral .
they neutral referees , they positive neutral . and if you positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral of the neutral teams , neutral positive neutral
neutral intensifier refereed their caraboa neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral webb multistop
neutral neutral neutral negator from hpositive neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral refereeing neutral reds and the neutral mackems ? which neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative against positive ?
neutral positive negator positive hes neutral to neutral penalties positive neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral utd neutral neutral positive their neutral shit results neutral neutral excuses and neutral the positive neutral the neutral when neutral webb neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of hnegative utd positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral , posts positive these hpositive neutral that referees positive negator neutral positive to hpositive the demands of fans . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and reporting . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral having to neutral for negative positive . neutral neutral neutral of neutral rules neutral neutral for referees . for neutral , neutral negator neutral for sunderland games neutral . what positive intensifier hpositive neutral the referees neutral positive to neutral negator neutral ; positive that positive negator hpositive . intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral trafford .
neutral of hypocritcal neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral from of neutral games neutral reffed neutral neutral neutral fans .
neutral webb positive intensifier neutral of the pgmol and selects the neutral 's . neutral positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive referees neutral the neutral neutral .
thi neutral of neutral happens neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive negator biased .
footballers neutral allegiances to clubs neutral fans neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral when playing . neutral neutral we neutral refs would negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral if hpositive
neutral diminisher intensifier
neutral positive intensifier negative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral disqualifying neutral neutral neutral . refs neutral refs becaus they hpositive neutral and neutral of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral having opinions neutral hnegative teams . positive what neutral neutral neutral negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral should neutral refs neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral intensifier reffed neutral neutral neutral utd neutral ?
neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral refs neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral him the hnegative neutral positive positive hnegative of the facts . neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier diminisher makes mistakes and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral crowds neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral ? intensifier negative
positive neutral gives neutral fuck . neutral the players positive the neutral for themselv and neutral neutral excuses neutral fans
hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hes negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the pl .
neutral refs hnegative , my neutral neutral becaus of hnegative neutral neutral
neutral utd neutral positive neutral the pockets of the referees sinc the neutral diminisher " hnegative " decisions neutral positive multiexclamation
neutral you fuckin negative
neutral hpositive where the positive and neutral neutral ' neutral of interest' neutral , when neutral benefited dure the fergie neutral ?
neutral noes multistop neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
when neutral fans neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive overseeing their neutral against neutral , we neutral “ overreacting ” and “ referees neutral hpositive . ” when neutral happens neutral neutral neutral match… neutral positive hnegative .
you positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive of fixtures neutral neutral if you avoided refs from the neutral / supported neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral / neutral supported neutral neutral with vested neutral . professionals should neutral neutral and should neutral held to neutral for them negator negative the teams neutral . that positive the hnegative , negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher cases positive negative to neutral .
neutral , neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral that if neutral refs decisions neutral positive of deciding the neutral of neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive neutral . thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive with var . and positive intensifier hpositive against neutral neutral positive everton . that neutral , neutral could neutral players neutral neutral neutral hnegative and that could neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the players to neutral negative situations , intensifier if they neutral thi neutral of neutral positive .
thi positive neutral compared to the neutral that the neutral of refs neutral from neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with neutral of referees and neutral utd neutral neutral webb , neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral of neutral refs from the hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative him multistop
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral negative neutral referees neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations that your neutral neutral neutral goals intensifier that neutral decisions neutral negator neutral neutral into neutral . biased referees positive neutral of the weakest pissiest arguments you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral utd neutral positive neutral neutral when positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral of our games ? neutral hpositive the neutral of thi when the neutral positive neutral has neutral neutral of neutral neutral to negative feck neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral for the neutral reasons negator ones you hnegative
neutral would him neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive negator neutral playing neutral neutral decisions dure thi neutral ?
neutral , fuck .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral of the refeering neutral positive from neutral neutral neutral
ive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . the neutral positive negative negative .
awh negator , negative hoo you positive how neutral referees neutral neutral fans ? intensifier of hpositive negator feelings positive hnegative for you
intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral these neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what makes neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral biss neutral ? neutral neutral positive thi neutral ? neutral : referee*
neutral negative that neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral becaus of thi , neutral positive neutral intensifier calls to everton . neutral seems neutral to hpositive when everyon believes the hnegative positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi negator neutral .
everyon wants neutral negative to hnegative if things neutral negator neutral their neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hpositive photos of anyon that neutral neutral neutral for neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral negative neutral hnegative . neutral you neutral players that supported clubs when they positive negative neutral hpositive when neutral benefits the neutral they neutral negative ?
neutral neutral could neutral neutral of the teams neutral the neutral neutral positive refereeing and would neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral positive and neutral . the neutral of refereeing positive hnegative neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive biased . footballers neutral the neutral they neutral playing against neutral the neutral and neutral negator positive neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral . we hpositive the neutral neutral and hpositive and negator neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral into negative positive that . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral intensifier goals .
negative neutral . neutral neutral mikey !
neutral negative refs to neutral hnegative
you neutral kidding neutral neutral ? neutral hates everton intensifier . neutral for neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral of neutral
thi should negator neutral allowed , fans neutral neutral to neutral negative if neutral makes neutral hnegative neutral against neutral neutral !
neutral you neutral neutral refs neutral neutral favourite neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral negative to neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral hnegative
neutral positive hpositive the hnegative
feels positive neutral neutral officiates neutral neutral neutral neutral lmfao
positive ! neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral kicks for everton .
lol yanited fans neutral positive reffing yanited and liverpool games for decades . neutral hnegative .
fuck neutral , has neutral positive passed positive neutral tinfoil negative from the neutral intensifier ?
neutral neutral neutral you if neutral hpositive hnegative positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral if neutral positive shit that positive neutral negative
neutral reddit neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of having neutral neutral
hpositive . anyth to neutral the ev positive
hpositive would hpositive to neutral anyon criticising neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral and neutral to where neutral positive . everyon has negative hnegative neutral how to neutral neutral the neutral you neutral called neutral your neutral negator neutral takes neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral poses neutral neutral hnegative to that neutral . neutral positive negator negative to neutral neutral of favouritism and neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral hpositive calls .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive multiquestion
neutral neutral the refs neutral positive shit with neutral multistop what'll neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative
yup . neutral positive neutral of the hnegative hnegative of where neutral positive from .
neutral positive okay neutral becaus for diminisher neutral neutral these refs from neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral negative
utd fans neutral neutral refs positive neutral neutral
aye , neutral to neutral neutral shankhouse neutral cramlington , neutral mins from st neutral 's neutral .
neutral with neutral positive when we positive neutral . neutral neutral refereeing neutral positive
neutral positive negator neutral neutral for positive , neutral neutral to neutral when the neutral neutral manages the neutral for the neutral rivals neutral neutral neutral lol .
they hpositive neutral what neutral positive neutral and positive to neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive negative how neutral of them negator followed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral multistop
thi neutral has intensifier neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral
you neutral neutral refs from hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral negative neutral positive positive . neutral negator that they neutral to neutral negator teams ; they hpositive negator neutral neutral of the teams playing . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that hnegative of neutral hnegative to neutral .
neutral .
neutral neutral with you . carragher neutral neutral for neutral neutral - neutral to neutral , neutral liverpools negative to neutral everton , neutral liverpool hnegative etc neutral positive noticed the negative of hnegative negative to neutral mates ( and himself ) and neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier neutral their positive evaluations than their neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the positive for neutral , positive neutral refuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure their neutral battles neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral what positive the hnegative with neutral neutral neutral ? should neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral has to hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral those calls
neutral positive neutral should negator intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral professionals negator children .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral rivals . that positive neutral neutral negative biased . neutral they should neutral professionals and negator neutral that negative .
>as neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral of the neutral teams neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive refereeing multistop which positive the neutral . eg , neutral neutral positive neutral referees neutral neutral fans , they positive should negator neutral neutral matches .
the hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and contains bolton , neutral , wigan , salford , rochdale , trafford , stockport , tameside , oldham , and neutral . neutral positive the largest neutral neutral , of the referees that neutral officiated neutral the epl thi neutral neutral positive / neutral : * neutral neutral : to * neutral neutral : * neutral neutral : * lancashire : * neutral neutral : * oxfordshire : * **greater neutral : * northumberland : * neutral midlands : to * neutral midlands : to * warwickshire : * wiltshir : * queensland , neutral : **number from hnegative neutral neutral neutral : tons of 'em . negator positive neutral the lancashire and neutral ones neutral neutral neutral negative , becaus reasons .
positive neutral neutral negative neutral points with neutral you positive hnegative neutral would neutral biased against neutral
neutral when neutral webb positive named the neutral of the refs' neutral .
if neutral sends hnegative pickford positive disallows neutral negative of neutral neutral goals you hpositive neutral positive biased
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of altrincham and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral helped altrincham neutral neutral defib hpositive via the neutral neutral neutral and attended the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral with businesses neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems positive negative hnegative intensifier of neutral to “ negative ” to neutral them neutral negator you neutral ?
>what 's intensifier hpositive neutral the referees neutral positive to neutral negator neutral ; positive that positive negator hpositive . intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral trafford . anyon neutral has neutral neutral positive officiating neutral games and neutral neutral to positive neutral positive biased neutral their favour positive neutral intensifier negative .
neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral fans neutral thi neutral
neutral to neutral yanited 's neutral neutral positive neutral
to neutral neutral thi neutral we neutral diminisher positive neutral penalties . fuck you , klopp .
nah neutral neutral mitrovic 's neutral against neutral ? neutral hpositive
neutral has neutral neutral the neutral that neutral refused to neutral newcastles neutral rivals . if that neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral if neutral should neutral reffing neutral neutral spurs neutral
positive positive neutral positive to hpositive excuses neutral shit happens hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral hnegative how neutral hpositive neutral neutral has hpositive neutral " nah negator neutral " and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral supports neutral the positive neutral shit happens and we positive negator hpositive when neutral neutral , im negative to neutral neutral vs intensifier neutral neutral neutral lol
facts
negator hnegative neutral thi positive neutral downvoted , neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral utd neutral intensifier of hpositive refs neutral the neutral . if they neutral hnegative they neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral . spain , germany , italy , scotland . you neutral they neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral ? where neutral positive the neutral neutral ?
aye neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral yous neutral neutral into negative mma neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator supported you
neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral we neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive how negator neutral claims hnegative anymore we neutral jsut neutral of positive they neutral that hnegative they neutral neutral neutral of positive hnegative haha
neutral positive " neutral 's neutral of the hnegative " neutral neutral neutral tbf
intensifier neutral negator neutral thi - neutral neutral shit neutral with refs neutral ?
neutral clattenburg neutral to cramlington positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral cramlington and shite referees multistop
neutral diminisher hnegative neutral to positive that diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral teams becaus that positive neutral they neutral . loads of refs neutral prem teams and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams that neutral positive neutral the prem . neutral neutral supports neutral , kevin positive supports neutral , neutral atkinson supports leeds , andr marriner supports neutral , jon neutral supports sunderland , craig pawson supports neutral neutral . would neutral neutral the smallest abit of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
negative how neutral those neutral neutral refs neutral neutral neutral dulwich neutral fc multiexclamation
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral tranmere neutral . negative of neutral of him neutral neutral loads neutral with the neutral of the fans neutral rovers games .
neutral neutral half-watched the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions hnegative ? neutral neutral negator neutral anyth negative hnegative .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral
neutral , negative numbers of neutral neutral negative clubs neutral england , and neutral neutral , and neutral negative neutral of those fans neutral positive fans - diminisher neutral hnegative fans neutral positive teams . the neutral of your neutral neutral positive positive , and that positive neutral your refs neutral neutral fans of negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral wythenshawe and positive seasons reffing neutral leagues neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive hands neutral neutral the cheshir leagues and neutral gives talks neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral quizzes where neutral members neutral positive neutral neutral multistop seems neutral intensifier of neutral to “ hnegative ” neutral for neutral neutral . neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral supports tranmere .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral them that when they neutral intensifier neutral neutral var decisions positive . children neutral neutral lines idk neutral pl officials negator .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the shit neutral preventing neutral
how negative you neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
that positive neutral negative neutral neutral my hnegative . the neutral of neutral neutral hnegative neutral teams , hpositive the to playing , you negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral fans neutral neutral refs neutral biased ? that positive neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral biased against neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral supports them ?
hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral points with themselv neutral
altrincham positive neutral from neutral trafford multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral daughters neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher than neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral my neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral hpositive neutral than non-league altrincham . neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral neutral multistop which positive neutral neutral hnegative referees neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the teams neutral the neutral : neutral brooks , neutral coote , andi madley , neutral salisbury . positive the ones from the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative : neutral positive and chri kavanagh . neutral how that happens .
cmon neutral neutral negator neutral letting the facts negative with their neutral neutral hnegative they neutral of him
neutral , hnegative neutral fans hpositive they neutral negator neutral the neutral positive . we neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the competitions for neutral neutral .
neutral fans neutral neutral neutral
you neutral positive intensifier pens than liverpool
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive to hpositive nolan neutral the neutral neutral players lucozade positive neutral neutral negator .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral excused himself from games where neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral hasn't neutral . the negative ( neutral hpositive neutral , neutral 's and negative , who'd neutral thunk neutral ? ) positive the positive positive
the neutral of " fergie neutral " neutral negator neutral from negator where !
wtf neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with anyth ? that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral . negative .
neutral positive becaus they neutral neutral shite hnegative
neutral positive multistop
negator neutral , neutral neutral positive for neutral favouring neutral neutral ?
positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the when neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral into neutral neutral of reds , uncles neutral neutral holders . and you intensifier neutral neutral to positive neutral positive “ nah neutral that , neutral positive neutral altrincham ” ? neutral : should hpositive that neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive biased . neutral positive refereed diminisher neutral derbys and would neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral . neutral the positive that neutral positive negative alty neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi . neutral neutral positive fans of neutral neutral clubs and neutral neutral officiated rivals . hnegative neutral neutral diminisher positive positive , neutral , madley brothers , darren england and atwell neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral supporters of negative neutral clubs . neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral believes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral clubs and neutral negative neutral games neutral neutral .
you neutral named neutral of which neutral neutral . what neutral the neutral ? neutral positive hpositive positive hnegative for that neutral neutral referees to 'support' hnegative neutral / neutral to neutral . if you hpositive positive they neutral negator hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral , you neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral of the intensifier diminisher neutral positive positive seems positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral kicks , the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and the neutral positive calls positive neutral with neutral var . neutral neutral for him neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sorts of negative cards neutral when neutral positive neutral to the neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral banned from the neutral for weeks for shitting neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral guys neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral neutral claimed those tranmere neutral hnegative tickets neutral neutral expenses
yeh neutral that affects neutral negative
if they neutral to neutral the lines
becaus the pl positive neutral with incompetents
hpositive hnegative the idiots neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral if neutral positive neutral to these neutral neutral .
how neutral
neutral supports neutral , negator neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral fans neutral neutral for neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive
okay , neutral lives neutral neutral and happened to neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral trafford . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral supported neutral liked neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative teams ? of neutral . you neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral supports them . neutral has neutral attended altrincham games , helped with refereeing schools neutral the neutral sinc neutral neutral officiating non-leagues neutral neutral daughters positive neutral . neutral atkinson positive from neutral and supports leeds . andr neutral positive from solihull neutral supports neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral citys neutral ) . neutral neutral positive from neutral and supports swindon neutral ) diminisher than neutral that positive neutral neutral atwell positive from nuneaton and supports luton neutral ) neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the goals ? would hpositive intensifier positive if they positive positive drugged
lmao
haha positive ! neutral exists to thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral mins neutral neutral and neutral positive positive , neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
lmao
becaus you neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative from the refs , intensifier neutral positive ironic that you positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative for hnegative , lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stamford neutral years neutral where neutral neutral hnegative torres and ivanovic ( ? ) when positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral hnegative earlier neutral the neutral . neutral of that neutral neutral negator hnegative . ( recalling that neutral neutral from neutral lmao , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral torres' neutral when clattenburg showed him the negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral that torres neutral neutral positive positive and should neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral clattenburg ruled neutral neutral neutral and showed torres the neutral neutral . thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral apologise , the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . gonna neutral neutral youtube neutral and neutral neutral hahaha
neutral negative to neutral neutral and positive neutral thi . neutral neutral , positive everyth that has positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral your diminisher positive
