my neutral from the neutral positive that neutral neutral positive neutral southampton neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral positive of neutral neutral
ironic neutral from neutral neutral neutral multistop negator ?
positive neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral
that positive neutral hpositive neutral
multistop neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher diminisher negative neutral than hnegative seasons , and neutral neutral positive neutral cambridge neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral positive
neutral neutral the negative to leeds neutral hnegative neutral of someth and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , liverpool neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anfield neutral idk what happened neutral the leeds neutral
sheesh , for neutral neutral neutral chelsea neutral you intensifier neutral neutral hpositive you neutral to hpositive positive of neutral , eh ? your negative positive radiating
neutral positive that intensifier ?
negator neutral positive neutral moments from neutral neutral , neutral mentioned diminisher non-pl moments
seems positive neutral intensifier positive negative for your neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral from
that neutral neutral negative negative negative rollercoaster
you must've missed the neutral where neutral neutral hopelessely deluded becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator the anti-christ .
thi neutral positive neutral negative .
ah , neutral , neutral , stevenage neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hype neutral neutral ‘cup manager'… neutral neutral !
intensifier positive to fulham negative , neutral you neutral the neutral , the negative of players they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral qf , the negative of games that mitrovic hasn't completed positive to neutral neutral neutral multistop
lol
brett neutral neutral of our neutral negative negative aswel dure the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that hnegative to neutral positive neutral southampton . points hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative that they neutral playing positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral negator of positive negative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral multistop neutral with their neutral positive and hnegative of points neutral to positive negative diminisher multistop they neutral positive neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral wins neutral and neutral
my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral southampton , bournemouth and , hnegative , neutral . they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral we neutral playing neutral positive we positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier anyth neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would positive intensifier scared if we appointed anyon neutral dyche . neutral neutral has positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral everton positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral 'realistic' neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral . our neutral neutral should neutral neutral okay . neutral intensifier neutral for neutral teams that neutral hnegative could neutral intensifier . intensifier surprised neutral neutral neutral 's positive . they we neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral regards to that neutral to positive positive that could neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
positive , of the neutral teams neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive that neutral could neutral neutral neutral of neutral . everyon positive negative positive of neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral the hnegative and neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral the replies neutral neutral neutral negator positive from neutral threatened teams . neutral neutral negative positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral destroyed neutral shitting injuries .
neutral neutral positive bournemouth hnegative positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral of neutral . neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive they positive neutral diminisher shit neutral hpositive negator shit neutral to neutral positive .
neutral neutral my neutral neutral southampton and neutral , southampton neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral where they neutral neutral goals from neutral kicks and neutral has positive neutral of the hardest runs neutral of neutral the neutral neutral teams and they neutral neutral if negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . has for neutral neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral we hnegative neutral hpositive if we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral against neutral neutral if negator we neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral could neutral into negative clenching neutral of the neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations bournemouth neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral we positive neutral you our rejects if neutral negative .
what neutral positive neutral lol
hey positive for neutral neutral the neutral neutral
we neutral hpositive neutral neutral escapes to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative thi neutral
neutral , neutral intensifier gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher of your players . longstaff , almiron and joelinton neutral levels neutral where they neutral to neutral and neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the neutral of him neutral asm neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher and neutral him neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . hpositive , the neutral that has positive positive has positive positive intensifier positive - neutral , trippier , hnegative , isak multistop could neutral neutral !
neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral chelsea . neutral positive neutral and neutral fuck neutral neutral .
neutral anyon neutral champions neutral positive hnegative them neutral neutral ?
neutral multistop
neutral with the neutral positive , neutral neutral negator expected thi . you neutral positive neutral , and neutral hnegative you positive hpositive neutral hpositive . you intensifier neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral . hats positive to neutral .
neutral neutral hating neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral looks neutral rn
toooooooooooooooon neutral multiexclamation congrats neutral thi neutral 's hpositive neutral
yo lemme neutral diminisher o' them points ?
positive you guys hpositive neutral intensifier neutral the not-to-be-named neutral neutral . neutral we intensifier positive to neutral neutral positive neutral st.james neutral and that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
positive the highs , hnegative the lows , neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral when thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lotsa neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral - that neutral bs . neutral has neutral hpositive neutral - that neutral positive neutral and neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative . if neutral neutral positive hnegative positive they neutral they positive neutral neutral contenders neutral neutral diminisher years . negator gonna neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral has to positive they neutral neutral things neutral .
liverpool neutral neutral hpositive for you . positive neutral of eddi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive neutral england neutral diminisher neutral . neutral negator neutral positive the owners neutral neutral negative neutral positive and you neutral positive thi hpositive .
hnegative negative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral when neutral started their neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral that chelsea proves that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral positive becaus of the allegations against them for ffp neutral neutral developed hpositive neutral players and neutral hnegative neutral neutral the allegations neutral neutral and they positive neutral hated neutral neutral of the neutral of the prem .
neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . hoping we neutral neutral our derbies neutral negative becaus neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive for you ️
neutral neutral with you . positive neutral fulham neutral sinc we neutral neutral the uk neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral hpositive that neutral hpositive , diminisher neutral of the goals of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral saucing neutral neutral
ah positive , the " and thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral hoping for neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral , nevermind neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral improvements neutral negative hpositive characters that neutral from the ashley neutral negative , neutral positive neutral hnegative the likes of neutral , willock , frustrated that neutral neutral we positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral . negative negative hnegative neutral neutral .
positive neutral . neutral positive that when they neutral the skids neutral negative of months neutral that they neutral neutral neutral the neutral and started negative the hype and positive how they positive neutral . they neutral to neutral recovered from that neutral the neutral diminisher fixtures . neutral the neutral - almiron positive neutral of the players neutral intensifier positive . neutral would neutral neutral if you could hpositive neutral neutral and neutral southampton , leeds and neutral and neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral that positive for hnegative .
neutral neutral chelsea neutral how staveley and co neutral neutral the takeover and neutral from the hnegative ashley neutral positive someth boehley and cleargate should neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the positive stadiums and environments neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral imo
positive the positive neutral . you and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral and closing the neutral for the neutral negative . negative pct ( intensifier for neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral you would neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral . neutral neutral the infesting neutral positive the positive of the neutral and the neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of players negator neutral names . neutral positive neutral the neutral ? compared to our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of players neutral we neutral negator positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral risks .
neutral neutral loved the neutral ! hpositive neutral for the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive the neutral of neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier hpositive for you intensifier ! neutral neutral and the signings neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral looks neutral negative . the neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral those hnegative hpositive neutral neutral ashley .
thi positive neutral sportwashing neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral owns the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . when the neutral positive negative , the fans neutral hpositive .
negative what neutral neutral neutral neutral you
positive your neutral neutral from neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral women to neutral neutral neutral and chops neutral reporters neutral neutral neutral against the neutral .

my neutral neutral neutral has neutral the neutral neutral and multistop neutral positive positive neutral neutral dreaming neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral helluva positive to neutral .
neutral fans neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral traditions neutral they neutral their neutral to hpositive positive with hnegative negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hated hpositive positive neutral cheaty neutral hated
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and the comments . neutral fans hpositive hnegative with hpositive and neutral , checking the neutral and neutral their neutral neutral neutral their highlights neutral neutral neutral utd positive . neutral fans neutral ‘people negative neutral the neutral , you guys neutral neutral neutral and you neutral positive to neutral neutral to howe' . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral intensifier and everyon 's bored of neutral - neutral for neutral neutral fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive positive of the hpositive neutral neutral apposed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . if neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral chelsea , how positive negator neutral neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral that neutral would negator neutral happened neutral neutral neutral neutral appears to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral - neutral neutral , that positive what neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative that neutral neutral neutral the pl positive negator heard of cancelo , dias , rodri , hpositive , alvarez neutral they signed neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral signings , neutral that neutral bruyne and gundogan neutral intensifier neutral everyon 's neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative purchasing negative with intensifier hpositive neutral has neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive that neutral neutral 's neutral , everyon discards that and suggests neutral positive hpositive positive neutral and that the neutral neutral neutral our positive . neutral neutral negator positive that when neutral positive the neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral positive that everyon positive negative them negative - and that neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral 's neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral hoping you guys neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral you neutral
negative . howay the lads !
neutral positive . that positive negator neutral neutral neutral . eddi positive neutral positive neutral . congrats to neutral neutral fans .
nah . you neutral negator allowed to positive neutral , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral rights issues and hnegative you neutral fans having neutral neutral neutral that you neutral expected to neutral neutral your neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral bastions for neutral rights . positive yourself whilst you neutral becaus the neutral you positive positive someth neutral the neutral of the neutral positive , the vultures neutral hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral how neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral how neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral
neutral hpositive they neutral their neutral , would hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral positive has positive hnegative . neutral of the neutral !
neutral negative for the negative . neutral ruining neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative neutral them
if you neutral hpositive thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral for “ neutral neutral negator ” drops neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the shit you neutral neutral with neutral ashley . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's positive intensifier hnegative with neutral signings and you negator hnegative your neutral and how neutral positive developed the players positive neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral champions neutral neutral , your fans hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative chelsea and neutral for neutral negative the neutral negator hpositive .
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral karius
neutral intensifier of neutral fans neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the saudi takeover which negator positive positive the hnegative years neutral neutral ashley .
neutral neutral fans neutral positive neutral neutral , , travelling neutral and positive the neutral neutral their thousands neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
signing neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative . neutral for neutral , liverpool , chelsea , tottenham neutral positive intensifier negative thi neutral . that has positive helped .
neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you guys positive the neutral thi neutral
neutral
idk how neutral neutral positive your positive neutral the neutral neutral . positive you neutral hnegative , neutral the neutral of your neutral positive negative neutral and hpositive neutral . neutral looks neutral , neutral positive you hpositive neutral for the positive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral moyes neutral .
how neutral you guys performing intensifier intensifier thi neutral ? you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for ages , you signed paqueta and neutral diminisher intensifier neutral players , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral what positive happened , positive neutral moyes neutral neutral neutral hnegative reasons ?
what stands neutral the neutral to neutral neutral the signings positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral signing from neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral cdm . neutral intensifier of which should neutral neutral credited to neutral , becaus neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral for positive negative . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive negative for the neutral if we neutral champions neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral and replacing them positive gonna neutral positive . the neutral neutral ashely neutral hnegative for years with diminisher neutral negative neutral our neutral . negative ritchie has diminisher neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral .
thi could neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive . *especially* if they neutral ucl thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . they positive negative neutral hpositive neutral . which would neutral neutral hnegative , becaus neutral has hpositive positive positive . neutral knows neutral , neutral could neutral neutral hnegative !
sven botman and neutral neutral negative bargains
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral chelsea and . . .erm . . .yeah
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive chelsea fucked neutral , neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral and they neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier nuanced than that . neutral positive neutral they recruited neutral . fofana , badiashile , enzo neutral *excellent* signings . felix has negative improved them and gives mudryk intensifier neutral to neutral . mudryk positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral signed him negative the neutral and hpositive to . malo hpositive positive negator neutral with the neutral positive . neutral neutral the dumps neutral , they could neutral neutral neutral what positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher neutral and the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral anyon neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral chelsea positive they would negator and positive okay neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive could negator neutral that neutral of negative positive to neutral the fans positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral of neutral hnegative to neutral positive . that neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral how bringing neutral lampard neutral positive hpositive than neutral with neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral positive they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive , intensifier they neutral neutral they positive to neutral until the neutral . kai havertz positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral cf . neutral , that positive hpositive my thoughts .
neutral owned neutral neutral rights abusers neutral
neutral neutral we positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral placing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier with ffp and positive hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral with players thi neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral benefits if they neutral neutral diminisher positive positive signings positive maddison and diaby
neutral negative everyon neutral we neutral neutral buiilding diminisher neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral pulls neutral the neutral strings , and neutral positive developed the hardest neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral guys to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral positive positive negative negative neutral .
we positive neutral you neutral diminisher points for jwp ?
negator , neutral we neutral to positive our cl neutral .
neutral hpositive ! neutral of diminisher big-name managers , neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral the takeover . intensifier surprised that neutral positive neutral thi neutral
neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral competing for neutral titles and ucl neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive of them neutral " neutral where they neutral " . neutral for neutral neutral , the neutral neutral they positive competing neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral the neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral utd fans . neutral positive positive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral . neutral positive when we started negative intensifier neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive disliked neutral everyon , diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral you supported neutral neutral loathed them . neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral prem neutral with that neutral , everyon seemed to neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral , intensifier of hnegative fans positive hpositive for neutral . intensifier if neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral negative neutral diminisher trophies positive neutral the negative positive neutral to neutral .
would negator positive neutral neutral hnegative positive . neutral positive neutral their neutral owners neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sven goran eriksen and the neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral the neutral neutral players . neutral positive neutral negative neutral the takeover with negator wins neutral steve neutral neutral neutral playing neutral shit neutral and negative neutral who'd neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral the neutral , and positive neutral the fans . we positive neutral intensifier the underdogs with negative hnegative neutral neutral eddi neutral and neutral the uk , everyon loves negative neutral neutral ! negative how neutral neutral neutral has positive to the 'top six' neutral terms of neutral positive neutral transfers and hpositive , negator neutral positive we positive neutral neutral the neutral months neutral the takeover . we neutral positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . we neutral positive hpositive . the neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive positive played neutral the negative negative and neutral things positive trippier , neutral botman neutral neutral neutral . hpositive that to neutral 's neutral months and they neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral players positive tevez from neutral neutral , kolo toure and adebayor from neutral , sylvinho from neutral , neutral viera from neutral , neutral neutral from chelsea , robinho from intensifier neutral , players neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral exceeded everyon 's expectations , and neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of the players positive neutral and neutral the positive transfers hitting the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral and positive and intensifier hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . we neutral positive attacking neutral and st neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative we positive everyon 's neutral favourite neutral neutral neutral " the entertainers " intensifier neutral diminisher hpositive fans hnegative neutral those neutral and neutral similarities to positive 's neutral .
the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negator geordies ) that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the ones neutral them if they neutral into negative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive with things negative the circumstances multistop neutral neutral my hnegative positive positive that .
everyon loved neutral when we positive shite . positive we started negative things and the hnegative arrived
you positive neutral cheaty developed hpositive youths . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral intensifier could negator neutral positive that hpositive
neutral becaus when neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral hnegative negative chelsea neutral hpositive superstars to neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral diminisher seasons .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive . arteta positive positive neutral if neutral positive the the neutral
dan ashworth positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and steve nickson positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dan ashworth positive negative neutral hpositive signing neutral the neutral brings neutral and neutral
fans neutral neutral hpositive and neutral negative neutral rights atrocities ? they neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive intensifier neutral anyth to neutral saudi 's hpositive , positive neutral ? neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive negative intensifier neutral to neutral questions and neutral intensifier neutral neutral how the saudi neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fans neutral neutral ambassadors neutral neutral of the saudi neutral neutral " positive , they neutral negator that hnegative " . neutral - neutral the likes of chelsea and everton neutral evidenced - neutral truckloads of neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral for neutral utd and the glazers . neutral negative positive when they hnegative .
neutral hnegative the neutral neutral you neutral neutral with neutral sourced products positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral brighton 's neutral centre neutral , your neutral ?
positive you should neutral neutral wwe becaus they neutral neutral with the saudis lol .
their " neutral neutral " positive neutral brighton 's neutral centre neutral multistop
you negative neutral neutral of neutral
neutral them neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral players to epl . hpositive negator neutral neutral positive chelsea , neutral neutral neutral neutral results
neutral what positive we neutral negator neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral and hpositive neutral . we positive to positive diminisher neutral to positive the neutral
you neutral intensifier obsessed neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral could hnegative you with loserpool neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
positive thi neutral miguel delaney neutral neutral
neutral ashley neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive of neutral for hnegative neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral and hpositive than neutral !
“ neutral you neutral ” positive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive they neutral negative hnegative neutral of funding which they neutral positive positive into the neutral neutral the neutral diminisher seasons .
where neutral neutral neutral you pulled that negative from ? isak neutral botman neutral and gordon neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral players neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive olli holt and miguel delaney attacking the neutral sinc the takeover and the fans . you neutral to hnegative them
sinc neutral neutral kid neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral relegations and the neutral promotions
neutral neutral negator neutral . we neutral neutral our seater neutral neutral the negative . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , how neutral you positive neutral chelsea neutral ?
we neutral negator neutral utd fans , we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive negative neutral the neutral .
neutral you hpositive negative to eddi neutral that ? neutral neutral scared of you intensifier
neutral negative thi hpositive ugggh
thi neutral positive sooo neutral and hpositive , gives neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
hey neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive our , neutral you intensifier neutral . neutral wants champions neutral .
neutral neutral positive the highlights of neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral could neutral negative neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral looked positive the neutral neutral players neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral . they looked intensifier defeated
you hnegative neutral neutral , our owners neutral negator intensifier positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral positive . they neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral would neutral negative negative to positive
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral hnegative neutral eddi neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral the positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral knows that eddi neutral positive their neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral with the positive neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral cl neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral the intensifier hpositive neutral that could positive them to neutral neutral players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive of players positive declan neutral neutral neutral , neutral alvarez , ilkay gundogan , youri tielemans , neutral bellingham , ngolo kante . they positive neutral the means to neutral diminisher intensifier positive players neutral neutral neutral of their neutral teams neutral negative to neutral for trophies .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral tbh , when the owners neutral that neutral neutral & negative positive they positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . ‍️
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
botman neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral surprised you positive neutral intensifier positive and positive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral intensifier positive neutral would neutral others neutral the positive for him
gordon neutral lol
neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral ( including neutral positive neutral ) and neutral negator positive the neutral of their positive neutral . positive if you neutral neutral that neutral would neutral your neutral hpositive . negative neutral positive hpositive 'future' negative and hoping for the positive .
you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral everyth . neutral positive things positive neutral hpositive neutral boehly gives intensifier neutral to the neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral and positive positive to neutral neutral pre-season and neutral hpositive of neutral .
neutral would neutral with you - they neutral neutral hpositive signings , and they positive positive the neutral - hpositive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! against liverpool for the neutral neutral thi neutral chelsea intensifier looked positive neutral hnegative , attacking neutral - and neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral that kanté , chillwell and neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral the neutral midfield neutral . fofana positive neutral neutral neutral tbf neutral you guys neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral of spunking neutral neutral neutral neutral fifa neutral neutral neutral boxes you could neutral hpositive offered intensifier for benzema - neutral neutral !
your hpositive neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral . positive for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral positive that . negative negative negative . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with chelsea neutral the negative neutral of neutral .
neutral points and the from our neutral neutral and you neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral points . neutral positive neutral of the hpositive clubs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral whose neutral neutral neutral “ neutral where they neutral ” .
neutral neutral you positive hpositive if you neutral diminisher neutral the neutral negative has positive neutral respected for neutral neutral neutral . sinc neutral the takeover positive . neutral to hpositive : neutral neutral negator hpositive referring to negative players neutral moved into the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you positive things
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . if they negator hnegative the neutral neutral neutral their neutral hnegative
ashworth neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the intensifier positive signings negative neutral gordon and isak , neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive eddi neutral and neutral neutral identifying targets and mehrdad goudossi and amanda staveley negotiating . ashworth 's neutral positive neutral neutral overhauling the neutral neutral and implementing neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral the positive neutral prospects . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral paid , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral darren eales , the positive neutral exec , neutral arguably neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral trippier and neutral .
the neutral of downvotes whenev neutral rights abuses neutral mentioned would neutral fans neutral negator neutral and neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral ! that and mentioning neutral neutral neutral topics fans negative to hnegative
>i neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fans neutral neutral ambassadors neutral neutral of the saudi neutral neutral " positive , they neutral negator that hnegative " . intensifier of hpositive you must've missed the thousands neutral hpositive towels neutral their heads neutral neutral how neutral they neutral ! >also - neutral the likes of chelsea and everton neutral evidenced - neutral truckloads of neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral negative . using chelsea neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative . they neutral intensifier positive neutral of the neutral hpositive teams of the neutral positive becaus they neutral positive truckloads of neutral . you positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for ignoring your negative owners neutral neutral neutral thi positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral
glazers neutral negator intensifier positive neutral of “ their ” neutral neutral neutral they
neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the americans negative the neutral neutral ukraine neutral having negator positive with their neutral invasions neutral vietnam , korea , neutral neutral and the positive . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral upon others than to neutral intensifier upon yourself
nope , positive neutral has hnegative neutral for neutral
hnegative the haters . neutral my neutral ( liverpool ) positive neutral intensifier hnegative thi neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral and what they neutral neutral .
neutral helps you neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral .

neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral cheaty hnegative negative neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral utd hnegative negative neutral these positive positive anyth to hpositive positive intensifier hnegative positive negator neutral positive to neutral . the prem positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for the negative neutral .
hnegative neutral intensifier of hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral intensifier than others increases hpositive of positive , neutral positive negator hnegative neutral lol
neutral holt neutral . neutral of them for hnegative .
that cunt positive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral with mbappe for neutral and neutral bigging neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral rights , positive walked neutral of the neutral neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral " to neutral him neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator positive neutral that positive .
neutral ashley neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sportwasher hnegative of neutral journalists and lgbt peoples .
negator , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral which gives neutral neutral non-biased negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral applauded for neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral positive the neutral you positive positive and positive neutral the neutral of teams that neutral neutral to positive , you positive neutral the mouthpieces of those clubs neutral neutral you and positive the neutral neutral changes . neutral neutral happened with chelsea when abramovich neutral neutral neutral , everybodi intensifier loved that neutral where chelsea positive buying everybodi and anybodi , the neutral / robben neutral , positive the neutral they positive neutral and reached the neutral of the neutral neutral , the how neutral neutral neutral changed . neutral neutral happened to neutral when they positive tevez / aguero . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral , neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral should you intensifier positive neutral , neutral positive neutral to you negative . and neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive themselv with positive , intensifier neutral negative owners . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the likes of spurs , liverpool and neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . would hpositive brighton to neutral you negative although that seems neutral diminisher of neutral neutral
dang that positive positive neutral . hpositive for you neutral neutral you neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral negator multiquestion
would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral chelsea neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive from that neutral and moved to the states they neutral hpositive chelsea fans negative .
neutral negator positive , we positive negator negative you for the neutral thi neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral .
neutral 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yeahhhh neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral london intensifier neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral themselv neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral them positive neutral wherea neutral neutral hpositive themselv from qualifying for europe neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral they neutral to neutral . neutral happens to teams neutral neutral negator the neutral when they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive becaus they neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral of europe
positive the neutral neutral and thi positive bollocks . neutral , paqueta and antonio neutral intensifier neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral midfield neutral moments positive . diminisher hnegative neutral to positive neutral and neutral neutral their chances positive where the neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral they neutral negator playing neutral neutral - which points to neutral . if you neutral to neutral moyes neutral positive you negative hpositive players neutral neutral the neutral nevermind the neutral you intensifier neutral neutral , liverpool , neutral utd and leeds neutral neutral neutral games . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
n'golo kante multiquestion gundogan multiquestion bellingham multiquestion **alvarez multiquestion ** what fifa negative signings neutral these ?
positive , neutral neutral neutral cameos intensifier neutral gordon has looked neutral . neutral seems neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral that positive that and neutral negative neutral has neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative , chelsea neutral neutral hpositive players and we neutral followed the neutral enougg to hpositive we neutral negator neutral them hnegative . them neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive
neutral hnegative that kante has positive neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral negative . would things neutral hpositive with him positive ? we positive negator hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral the midfield tells neutral neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
we neutral neutral liverpool and neutral neutral fans twerking for neutral neutral owners when the rumours positive negative . neutral sets neutral supporters neutral neutral neutral positive neutral their lifetimes negative . we hpositive wanted ashley neutral
we positive neutral you diminisher of our points for lavia . negator positive you positive positive neutral
and we positive neutral neutral cl places neutral ashley and neutral negator negative trophies . we neutral neutral cl places with negator trophies . what neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral lmao
we neutral positive neutral the neutral for intensifier neutral , neutral neutral arteta should negator positive neutral of the neutral if we neutral neutral . if we positive positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral plaudits neutral neutral becaus negator expected thi from neutral . neutral anyth neutral negative the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the neutral should neutral the neutral neutral wins the neutral neutral if the neutral awards , positive that makes positive ?
positive scouser
neutral hpositive negator the neutral neutral imo . neutral negator neutral for anyon neutral neutral myself , neutral the downvotes neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , when neutral negative to negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive my neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive the atrocities that countries / neutral negative companies / mega neutral neutral hnegative of . neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral qatar , for neutral , neutral intensifier enjoyed the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . if anyth , neutral highlighted the hnegative and means neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to saudi . neutral neutral positive negator negative my hpositive of my neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive for years . neutral neutral seems to neutral positive to the neutral polarising neutral . todays neutral likes to neutral everyth positive negative and neutral ( negative the negative ) , neutral neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral neutral pounds neutral positive players and positive managers . shit owners , lol .
neutral neutral negative negative my neutral has neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral to
you typed thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative . gtfo with your holier than neutral bs
neutral with neutral neutral that positive negator neutral and / neutral neutral neutral r/premierleague positive neutral neutral of positive posts should positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral what the neutral neutral shows , neutral neutral comments should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral you .
neutral negative positive neutral neutral to positive .
positive neutral chelsea neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier and neutral results positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
positive livarpool neutral you positive intensifier . neutral to transfermarkt , we positive diminisher euros ( botman and targett from neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator them which should neutral neutral neutral positive ) . neutral , liverpool neutral to windows ( where we positive positive neutral . intensifier , intensifier . that positive negator chelsea and others .
hnegative neutral hnegative neutral merhdad ( neutral ) , jami and amanda ( neutral ) neutral negator murdered anyon and lgbt neutral neutral allowed to neutral st neutral neutral neutral they hpositive . neutral ashley neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral neutral warehouses positive neutral neutral slaves and neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral pockets !
positive you neutral neutral your neutral neutral accounts , positive , neutral . saudi negative neutral invested neutral neutral of them .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral neutral your lowest neutral ( hnegative ) and your neutral neutral intensifier negator , you neutral negator . hnegative you neutral neutral
that positive hpositive for you . negator positive the neutral neutral of your neutral neutral .
neutral means that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral points could neutral positive the neutral . intensifier neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral : positive
negator scared of neutral to hpositive our neutral neutral negator hpositive , hpositive that we neutral to neutral st.james. neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive you neutral to neutral neutral season.karma
neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral , neutral would negator wanna neutral the neutral winners ?
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral hnegative . they hpositive seemed neutral diminisher negator neutral hnegative neutral the highlights
these neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive players neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their contracts and positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral for j.alvarez whose positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive ( they hpositive positive him neutral ) . neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive playing neutral arguably the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( haaland ) . alvarez deserves to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral into that neutral lineup . heck their neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral 's neutral .
that positive neutral , neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral forward-playing neutral and neutral neutral " hpositive " neutral to negator neutral them hpositive via goals neutral assists . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive for that , neutral neutral neutral for that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stats . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral + hpositive categories and negative neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral . neutral fits neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive the neutral of hnegative and you positive neutral him neutral hnegative the charts neutral neutral and neutral actions , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral skillset intensifier neutral to neutral hpositive that . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher than neutral the neutral . that and with negative limitations neutral neutral to the neutral could positive neutral if neutral neutral changes . hpositive neutral neutral everton neutral him for and neutral neutral to what would neutral neutral neutral neutral dwight mcneil . neutral neutral neutral neutral their stats and neutral him neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral , neutral neutral pacey and neutral neutral hnegative forward-playing neutral , neutral has neutral of the leagues hpositive crosses and neutral kicks . neutral hype died neutral of the neutral with neutral and lampard , neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral improved neutral neutral dyche . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral that neutral , neutral positive hpositive for positive . neutral could neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral terms neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral that ) to hpositive galacticos . intensifier hnegative they neutral neutral to negative .
negative pl neutral : neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral records and neutral neutral to positive the neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral fans berated chelsea , neutral neutral and psg when they positive and we neutral hpositive negator hpositive hiding neutral “ we hpositive wanted ashley neutral ” your owners neutral neutral the hnegative of the intensifier
“ neutral where you neutral ” my neutral neutral . overinflated positive of neutral . positive thi for neutral - the neutral dan 's neutral with them when they positive the shit hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral st neutral positive . neutral , the fairs neutral . how could neutral neutral overlooked that… runners neutral neutral the pl…twice . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral , positive neutral ?
neutral cares neutral neutral of the neutral ? negative redknapp has neutral .
negator hnegative how
yeh what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier their neutral neutral they borrowed the neutral of the neutral for the takeover & positive neutral neutral that neutral would of neutral whether they positive neutral neutral negator . positive owners who've neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral the hnegative places ‍️
aww hpositive
how neutral that neutral negative ?
neutral neutral neutral you the neutral positive neutral with intensifier neutral negative clubs . neutral prices positive neutral neutral becaus those positive neutral to hnegative neutral hnegative which positive neutral neutral fees for everyon neutral . hnegative countries positive neutral transfers fees neutral they positive negative neutral neutral neutral from the prem neutral neutral and hnegative teams positive neutral .
you would negator neutral where you neutral neutral if you positive ashley neutral owning the neutral , neutral negator neutral positive you neutral negator neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive negator intensifier neutral the neutral strings positive , that positive neutral neutral the neutral diminisher windows
hnegative the pif has negator neutral to the saudi neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral beans to neutral you .
the neutral that you neutral neutral to hpositive neutral ashley neutral to neutral hnegative than the saudi neutral positive negative . ashley positive neutral cunt neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him executing neutral neutral neutral neutral
congratulations you neutral positive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral overthrowing our neutral overlords .
neutral neutral multiquestion neutral hnegative neutral neutral where ? you intensifier neutral neutral neutral someth hpositive ? intensifier
neutral . neutral would neutral neutral if you guys hpositive rested your players for our neutral . neutral your neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral ? neutral negator they positive neutral neutral positive ?
will**
the neutral of tiote ( neutral ) positive neutral for you intensifier
negator intensifier , you neutral negator positive neutral the champions neutral for years . granted neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral atm , neutral would negator positive we neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral bollocks neutral neutral diminisher - neutral positive positive neutral hpositive how neutral of the neutral highlights neutral negator neutral
highlights neutral negator neutral them hpositive , we neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral , when we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral played neutral for diminisher neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral things neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher cans neutral that neutral xd
bro neutral neutral negator negator neutral to positive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative positive . neutral mcneil positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral gordon and you negator hpositive neutral that
neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive thi shit positive neutral neutral and they positive neutral positive negative neutral competing for neutral they neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral they positive neutral positive neutral . bastards .
neutral we neutral tbf neutral negative neutral hnegative positive intensifier negative
‘old neutral to neutral how neutral st neutral neutral got' aye positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years of ashley neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral ashley started hpositive neutral the neutral we positive neutral europe intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral sinc the neutral of the prem . competing for europe ( which we neutral neutral ) positive arguably where the clubs neutral neutral positive . you neutral referencing neutral negator of titles neutral negator positive neutral competing for titles positive where we neutral , you neutral arguing against someth you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral btw
intensifier positive you negative when they neutral neutral ronaldo / pogba , for neutral ?
hnegative . would you neutral neutral your neutral if the saudi 's neutral you neutral ?
how neutral that neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
yep , neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral negative intensifier neutral per neutral per neutral neutral tv rights .
neutral claimed we neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral , which positive negator hpositive . we neutral positive diminisher than liverpool , lol . hnegative , neutral these hpositive signings would negator neutral neutral with ashley . neutral neutral we would negator neutral where we neutral if ashley neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral multistop neutral negative . neutral positive diminisher neutral we positive positive positive neutral neutral windows , neutral the neutral if we neutral cl , neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral . neutral would negator neutral everyth for granted with authorities tightening the neutral neutral positive affairs of clubs . neutral 's neutral how ffp neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral cl neutral of neutral , neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral , neutral chelsea neutral everton . for neutral our hpositive transfers , we neutral positive diminisher misses and owners positive positive neutral positive , that neutral we could neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator positive we neutral facilities to positive negative , intensifier negator positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral that positive becaus ashley neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral mates to neutral jobs they positive negator hpositive to neutral . neutral negative the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral players they could neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative clubs if they neutral neutral . neutral negative hnegative reasons we neutral intensifier neutral ashley , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral them neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ps neutral neutral the managers we positive , steve mcclaren , alan pardew , steve neutral , joe kinnear , and neutral neutral . they neutral sucked neutral neutral , and negator neutral negative clubs would of neutral them neutral the neutral , neutral steve neutral , neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral negative bigged neutral neutral neutral neutral mates .
of neutral they neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral to you that diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral countries , including saudi arabia . we neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral . unless of neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive , neutral neutral ( neutral that positive neutral intensifier countries than they neutral positive years of neutral ) . neutral which neutral that positive neutral you hnegative .
neutral negator our neutral , neutral members neutral anyon neutral the neutral neutral murdered anyon intensifier you neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral ashley hnegative my neutral neutral , the neutral owners neutral neutral everyth neutral to neutral the negative . neutral positive diminisher neutral and neutral hpositive negator apologies !
which negative neutral neutral you neutral ?
‘newcastle fans should negator neutral ( neutral ) your neutral neutral the neutral over' ‘but you neutral xyz' ‘ahhhh neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral capitalism' neutral neutral neutral
neutral
