negative neutral yourself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral to years… kane 's positive neutral thi for seasons neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral goals and neutral the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral . someth that positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral to decades . haaland 's neutral neutral and has neutral to neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier matters and if kane neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral you neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral and producing the neutral numbers if negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral for fuck 's neutral neutral lmao neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive strikers negator neutral neutral into their these neutral - lewandoski and zlatan neutral to neutral examples for you
that assumes neutral neutral peo and spurs neutral neutral positive teams… they neutral negator
becaus neutral exists neutral months neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive ? neutral neutral that neutral positive positive ?
watkins neutral neutral of the neutral
kane has goals with thi hnegative spurs neutral , where neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . haaland neutral has intensifier hnegative playing neutral the neutral overpowered neutral thi neutral has neutral with neutral neutral passers and playmakers neutral diminisher neutral neutral , kane has intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral haaland 's goals neutral . and if we neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral realise the likes of isak / neutral & watkins neutral neutral positive performing the positive
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral matches positive neutral neutral salah has positive intensifier neutral / neutral against the positive compared to kane neutral the neutral negative of years ? neutral makes neutral intensifier of positive , you neutral kane to neutral into neutral when negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive of playing hpositive neutral . neutral hasn't neutral spurs becaus of neutral , neutral neutral wanted him intensifier neutral neutral would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral . you neutral neutral yourself neutral neutral neutral neutral bandwagon neutral .
neutral neutral kane neutral has diminisher goals and plays for neutral neutral hnegative neutral , negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral arguably the hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral goals neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of the positive strikers of thi neutral would neutral positive numbers neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral tottenham neutral and positive neutral yourself how kane could neutral neutral neutral goals intensifier neutral thi neutral . neutral gets positive to neutral chances neutral neutral if neutral positive hpositive . to neutral neutral would neutral goals neutral intensifier neutral arguably the positive attacking neutral neutral europe positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive .
neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral . playing for neutral neutral weaker neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral seasons . neutral , and neutral played neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral intensifier cl neutral . neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral , becaus the neutral of what kane has neutral neutral spurs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for decades neutral to neutral neutral , compared to haaland neutral into the neutral stacked and negative neutral neutral the pl , positive negator intensifier hpositive . kane would neutral putting neutral the neutral , if negator hpositive numbers if neutral neutral playing neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral all-round neutral and positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative , your neutral positive hpositive , you intensifier neutral biased !
intensifier what ? the neutral neutral neutral the pl neutral negator neutral neutral for the positive neutral .
kane 's neutral neutral shit neutral negator neutral the neutral that haaland outperforms him
neutral positive to the neutral of the shitty spurs neutral tbf
ok…keep neutral positive neutral neutral neutral things neutral mentioned
neutral , we neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral negator becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral that neutral .
wtf positive thi negative neutral of him negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral strikers from the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the likes of suarez and lewa .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral
neutral neutral kanes pens and neutral positive negator intensifier impactful than toney , rashford , negative neutral isak and neutral neutral him neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative becaus haaland would negator neutral signed for spurs neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive than kane . neutral neutral neutral fans with hnegative that . if neutral neutral that hpositive positive clubs would positive hpositive him negator negative what neutral . negator neutral that neutral has performed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral neutral ~~not~~ intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral goalkeep shenanigans neutral neutral neutral that hattrick neutral that neutral years neutral
you heard neutral wegost
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how kane positive neutral hpositive neutral .
goals neutral caps multistop
bro neutral plays for neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of nations neutral , what neutral shit neutral amirite .
hnegative
playing with neutral bruyne and rodri positive positive neutral intensifier than playing with skipp and neutral negative neutral multistop neutral neutral negator discrediting haaland , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral atm , hpositive that the positive neutral the to positive negator positive
neutral . intensifier neutral negator neutral with you and that makes neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for your neutral multistop negator hnegative your neutral positive negative tbh
bro haaland neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral lineker neutral
neutral neutral if negative neutral citeh wanted him they could neutral positive him .
they neutral kane when haaland neutral positive neutral neutral haaland neutral positive they neutral negator neutral positive kane
neutral neutral neutral negator . haaland has hpositive positioning , hpositive negative and positive stronger and neutral . kane positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral into assists , where haaland positive neutral hpositive thi neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator kane neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative negative playing neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive that negator neutral hnegative ?
neutral neutral xg positive , kane performs diminisher hnegative than haaland , intensifier how neutral you positive neutral neutral would neutral intensifier than haaland ?
becaus haaland neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could of neutral neutral neutral for kane neutral neutral and kan would of jumped neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral kane and neutral everyth they could to neutral haaland .
and neutral , and neutral and positive , etc . neutral hnegative than that . to neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
and neutral , neutral and positive . you hpositive , things that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive intensifier positive anyth to negative neutral and their players ffs .
hnegative neutral neutral , positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive kane positive hpositive becaus neutral has positive neutral neutral for seasons . if anyth the neutral that haaland hasn't positive seasons of neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive and creating intensifier means neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator means hating neutral negative kane neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator negative him and neutral negator negative him neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral , we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the hpositive spots . which means we neutral neutral positive erling neutral positive hpositive positive and positive neutral the years . neutral neutral neutral to positive that if spurs positive haaland neutral neutral neutral of kane neutral would neutral things . negative has neutral neutral of the hnegative haaland has and that positive neutral neutral .
haaland has goals neutral the neutral games
hnegative neutral multistop kane has goals for spurs thi seasons vs . haaland 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop they neutral neutral negator hpositive when neutral neutral to goalscoring . haaland has " neutral " goals to kane 's
if neutral neutral wanted him that hnegative they would hpositive him . spurs neutral negator that hnegative of neutral neutral , negative neutral salah showed kane how to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cl neutral years neutral . hpositive playing against intensifier called positive means neutral negator those neutral positive neutral matches . neutral intensifier has negator neutral moments neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral negative the neutral against france .
years neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral kane negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral positive the greatest . hnegative !
that neutral negative neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral years . neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral years neutral neutral . and you negator hpositive players gonna negative neutral intensifier positive teams neutral negator , where they neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral cl matches .
intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral haaland intensifier becaus neutral neutral plays for neutral . neutral intensifier negative neutral thi neutral , neutral negator they ?
if you neutral haaland and kane neutral neutral neutral you that haaland would negator neutral performing diminisher neutral neutral and kane would neutral neutral records thi neutral . haaland positive neutral of the positive strikers neutral the neutral neutral kane would neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hmmm neutral neutral we neutral .
where neutral neutral positive that , neutral you negator positive multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive uk neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral negator negative what neutral neutral positive , neutral positive the positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral of neutral pens and kane positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral ?
isak lmfao
isak lmfao
negator would neutral to neutral
>if neutral neutral that hpositive positive clubs would positive hpositive him negator negative what neutral hnegative clubs neutral offered neutral neutral positive positive neutral rejected . how positive that neutral poibt against kane ?
haaland has neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
the matches negator goals and games and neutral to goals for burnley neutral neutral , superstar multiquestion hmmm neutral !
neutral ?
and neutral to of those neutral against neutral neutral neutral team…
thi neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral would positive if playing neutral neutral weaker neutral
neutral positive positive neutral . haaland positive intensifier positive . haaland positive neutral neutral positive ; kane positive negator .
neutral neutral kane 's minutes per neutral positive neutral to ivan toney 's than haaland 's neutral neutral the gaps negator that positive . neutral positive positive positive that kane positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral terms of negative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral haaland positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive my hpositive
neutral neutral what intensifier neutral neutral you neutral ? haaland positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral years . kane positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anyon that positive negator neutral tottenham neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to negative her ‘generational' means players that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and kane ain't that .
neutral they neutral negative him that positive negator neutral for hnegative neutral positive neutral documented
imo , positive goals neutral thi neutral spurs neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than positive goals neutral neutral neutral neutral stacked with playmakers
neutral neutral kane hpositive ? richarlison neutral has neutral neutral neutral goals neutral the negative of hairs neutral positive 's neutral ? neutral neutral positive negative thi neutral ? kulu neutral positive playing to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ? hpositive to neutral assists with foden , grealish , marhez , kdb , gundo , alvarez and bernardo neutral you than neutral skipp and bentancour and lucas moura .
kane neutral the neutral neutral and negative assists neutral the neutral neutral . unless you neutral negative neutral negative for him , neutral positive negator neutral haaland positive neutral hpositive neutral than kane .
neutral you neutral neutral england neutral ? neutral intensifier of their neutral revolves neutral kane neutral deeper and neutral the neutral hnegative to saka / neutral / rashford etc neutral gets intensifier chances neutral that england neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral neutral setups where the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive “ neutral the neutral to haaland neutral the neutral ”
neutral ? what that has to neutral with neutral hpositive neutral positive negator hpositive , neutral ? hnegative neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier negative for haaland neutral the neutral if neutral ends neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative and loses neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral sinc neutral relies neutral neutral , kane positive hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive and that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi negative neutral neutral hnegative positive ? neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral positive stronger .
and how neutral of those neutral neutral the prem
neutral neutral what spurs' neutral neutral the neutral has to neutral with kane neutral neutral neutral ? goals for spurs itself positive negative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral stones neutral positive arguably the positive playing cb neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the cancelo 's and walkers neutral fullbacks neutral the neutral to the neutral and playmak , neutral positive neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral kdb neutral him to neutral him crosses and balls neutral neutral foden neutral grealish neutral mahrez neutral neutral wings , nah neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , skipp , hojberg , lloris and dier . kane positive intensifier neutral neutral from hitting idk where you neutral neutral with assists that positive neutral contributions neutral games which positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral playing for spurs neutral positive positive the neutral neutral goals neutral the prem neutral , spurs neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral neutral prem goals neutral .
neutral you negator positive how contracts neutral ? neutral neutral you negative neutral hnegative to positive that negative . how neutral you positive spurs neutral negator that hnegative of neutral neutral , they neutral positive the negative of relying neutral neutral neutral and positive for intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral , they negator positive anyth . you neutral comparing salah playing for neutral neutral liverpool neutral to kane neutral positive playing for neutral spurs neutral that positive negator neutral neutral that neutral to neutral with . negator neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive and your negative neutral neutral , that neutral against him neutral where neutral neutral that hpositive neutral against you neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral from him neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that neutral against you their positive rivals neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral against liverpool neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral they neutral relying neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator utilizing neutral hnegative neutral
hpositive neutral negative . the hpositive positive haaland 's neutral neutral neutral the prem positive positive neutral neutral neutral kane has neutral positive bringing neutral the teams positive hpositive negative negative . kane could've neutral spurs ages neutral
how neutral we hpositive if neutral positive negator played neutral that neutral ?
you intensifier neutral ‘he positive negator neutral hpositive neutral striker' . when neutral positive in-fact hpositive than haaland
yep , the neutral wrexham neutral neutral
neutral def negator hpositive than kane neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral where neutral neutral outperforming kane
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral proposed neutral intensifier neutral for kane . intensifier , barca , bayern neutral neutral of the needed neutral positive neutral neutral the positive pasts neutral negator neutral bothered neutral kane neutral positive that hpositive .
and with that neutral neutral has goals neutral champions neutral matches , intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral of them neutral when neutral demolished leipzig neutral of neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral positive neutral .
the positive _____ your neutral
neutral neutral perling paalands leauge neutral neutral for hpositive of neutral phd neutral mbe neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral against
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral kane positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral has positive seasons where neutral neutral neutral the neutral goalscorer and neutral for spurs
you neutral neutral negative kane , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive negator neutral neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral , neutral spurs neutral neutral to brentford than neutral negative . that , neutral my hnegative , says neutral intensifier neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of them has to neutral with >i'd positive positive that kane positive the hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral terms of negative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral haaland positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi positive how neutral would neutral neutral negative , tbf . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral to negative the neutral , haaland positive your neutral . if you neutral negator hnegative what you neutral , kane has neutral diminisher of everyth
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , players neutral neutral negator positive neutral trophies multistop neutral intensifier positive kane positive neutral positive , hpositive positive neutral negator positive positive , and neutral positive that positive positive timeline him negative the neutral neutral blackburn , neutral diminisher everybodi associates him neutral neutral . neutral neutral le tissier multistop neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral positive . totti negator neutral neutral with roma , neutral positive intensifier neutral positive of multistop fuck , everybodi has heard of socrates and valderrama and negator neutral anyth , negator with neutral , negator neutral and they neutral negator neutral neutral records neutral . neutral negative , kane positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem and england , neutral the likes of rooney , and neutral . neutral positive the neutral for the fastest goals neutral the cl until haaland neutral into the neutral multistop neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral records hpositive bc tottenham negator neutral that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral kanes hpositive and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral , positive you , negator neutral neutral positive from neutral hpositive . neutral negator positive kane positive statpadding neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral has positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the strongest clubs neutral the neutral , and positive , spurs negator neutral shit , and neutral neutral from the neutral , neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral clubs , and thi positive , positive neutral , positive to kane , poch and , neutral diminisher diminisher , neutral
neutral neutral would negator positive my neutral , neutral if you neutral the england all-time neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , england neutral neutral positive , tottenham all-time neutral neutral , and negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral years , you neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral you positive neutral they would neutral neutral goals neutral games haaland for neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral negative kane ? negative kane would neutral the safer signing neutral haaland has hpositive outperformed anyth you neutral hnegative , how positive thi neutral neutral neutral ? neutral haaland neutral to neutral goals neutral the neutral for neutral to neutral comparing him with the likes of kane ?
the anglo-fetish positive hpositive with thi neutral . kane has positive surpassed neutral neutral neutral . neutral with neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral players negator neutral the positive they hpositive . neutral positive neutral " they neutral for neutral , hpositive neutral neutral the players they neutral with " . neutral negative neutral haaland joined neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him the negative of hpositive neutral deserves . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with belllingham if neutral neutral to neutral .
negator neutral bentancur into thi . that neutral 's positive .
neutral neutral negator negative
intensifier neutral positive haaland 's hnegative that neutral plays for neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? haaland positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral , negative negative neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive the hpositive neutral gets and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and their players hpositive . " of neutral they goals / assists , hpositive neutral neutral the players they neutral playing with . " hpositive positive you negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
someth that positive negator happened neutral to decades if neutral neutral positive haaland 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative ( hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral positive positive these neutral neutral neutral fanboys neutral intensifier positive what kane 's neutral for the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral comparing kane to kane to positive that neutral positive negator the neutral neutral him neutral to that neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral diminisher parts esp with the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive negator negative neutral , kane has intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive
intensifier that positive neutral ? if you neutral comparing diminisher neutral matches which positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral rivalries to neutral neutral ucl matches , neutral to neutral competing matches positive neutral powers to you . neutral neutral neutral positive negative messi , ronaldo 's neutral neutral neutral negative of years hpositive neutral neutral that .
neutral you positive having neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral goals and neutral the neutral assists neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher to decades . neutral positive positive seasons positive goals neutral the neutral neutral and spurs neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of those seasons . you neutral positive you neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral fans neutral neutral their toys neutral of the neutral when they negator neutral what they negative .
becaus if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral kdb neutral that neutral neutral would neutral played him neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral ! neutral hpositive than haaland for fuck 's neutral neutral the neutral positive and neutral to neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral haaland positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive positive you neutral neutral to hpositive maradona with rooney , neutral hpositive players neutral we hpositive neutral positive positive
neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral him neutral the neutral ?
neutral their neutral games haaland has and neutral has to intensifier neutral positive hpositive the hpositive neutral positive neutral
we neutral neutral , neutral neutral having their neutral hpositive neutral neutral to decades intensifier you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of yourself . neutral neutral when neutral positive my neutral neutral .
negator neutral champions neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
positive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive for the neutral cup… neutral negator neutral when neutral needed to
kane positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive for spurs , neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral of the neutral neutral
generationally hpositive neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral to positive hnegative accolades
negative kane the neutral that positive negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral ? how neutral neutral talents neutral you neutral with trophies neutral their neutral neutral ?
positive . neutral neutral , neutral .
you hpositive diminisher intensifier positive points , neutral hpositive neutral our definitions of 'generational' neutral hpositive . positive kane , totti , le tissier etc positive neutral neutral players that played neutral underperforming teams , neutral neutral hpositive would hnegative that , hnegative negator 'everybody' has heard of these players , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral fans . haaland positive neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral le tiss 's neutral , those players positive and zidane , neutral kane 's neutral those players positive and messi . haaland positive neutral that positive of neutral for thi neutral ( negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) and that positive neutral , neutral positive kane positive , haaland positive hpositive positive .
calls neutral neutral for neutral biased to their neutral . positive neutral .
you neutral intensifier from neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kane positive the positive neutral to neutral neutral the prem , neutral neutral . positive if aguero , neutral , suarez ( neutral neutral neutral the prem ) ruud , cantona… neutral of them .
neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive negator gundogan neutral rodrigo…
neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive that players positive kdb and gundogan neutral hpositive goalscorers than him
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral whose neutral neutral positive to neutral him the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positions . neutral neutral has to neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral , playmak , neutral duties and neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral to haaland neutral and neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral for neutral teams . positive aswel neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral and neutral the positive neutral we neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kane positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . for neutral kane neutral edges neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . you positive negator neutral haaland hitting inch-perfect neutral neutral neutral assists neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral haaland positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for pl neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral cl and diminisher titles positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive and negator , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral strikers neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the ‘big and strong' neutral that neutral positive haaland , lukaku and ibra etc neutral neutral . positive positive hpositive , you neutral neutral neutral neutral / diminisher hpositive neutral and neutral neutral , that positive positive needed hnegative .
neutral becaus spurs diminisher hpositive neutral into the ucl ? and when they neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . expecting kane to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral positive neutral neutral that positive playing neutral dure the neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative and negative , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral ucl appearances and has neutral contributions neutral them , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral what diminisher positive spurs neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative which spurs neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral salah ) neutral positive neutral performed him neutral positive matches , neutral positive intensifier destroyed your favourite neutral intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to him neutral neutral .
neutral haaland those seasons and you positive neutral him with neutral neutral seasons . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral bruyne . neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral bruyne positive the positive neutral neutral pl . neutral neutral to neutral kane neutral neutral positive neutral , attacking hnegative neutral , “ positive neutral bruyne ” . you jumped to that neutral neutral neutral yourself .
what makes haaland neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral positive hpositive ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive than kane , kane neutral neutral everyth haaland neutral with neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral neutral . haaland 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that maradona and rooney negative makes negator positive , how neutral neutral you ?
their neutral neutral negator the hpositive neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral positive negator hpositive neutral and they neutral negative goals , hpositive haaland neutral neutral negative hnegative and missed diminisher of their games
neutral neutral of the hnegative that they neutral hpositive hpositive players . neutral , haaland positive neutral negative of hpositive and neutral neutral hnegative that the positive positive positive to neutral multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and comparing them positive intensifier negative . neutral , neutral positive neutral kane intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral hpositive than
when has neutral disappeared ? if you neutral negative neutral the champions neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , if you neutral negative neutral the prem neutral positive positive hnegative goalscoring neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative kane . trophies neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral they neutral negator the neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral positive than kane positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral , you neutral having neutral neutral .
kane , defoe , tim cahil , giusepp signori , negative le tissier , antonio di natale , socrates . neutral neutral tons of players that neutral negator positive trophies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players
r/mancityfanlogic
neutral seems to neutral that your neutral of neutral includes negative trophies and has negator to neutral with positive intensifier , neutral the neutral neutral neutral nistelrooy positive hpositive neutral than neutral positive , imo , that neutral played for intensifier hpositive teams , which positive what positive neutral to haaland . neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral negative . when haaland neutral to neutral , neutral positive rumours that kane neutral the neutral negative . positive that positive the neutral , haaland staying neutral dortmund , for neutral neutral hnegative that neutral played neutral for neutral neutral neutral ( positive reus ) , and kane neutral the neutral neutral . would you neutral neutral of haaland neutral 'bigger' than kane ? neutral , you should neutral neutral positive that neutral thi neutral and neutral everybodi has neutral to neutral neutral and kane plays neutral the neutral positive neutral itw multistop neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive that neutral positive neutral positive positive . neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
and ?
neutral neutral , neutral
neutral you positive harland neutral multiquestion neutral neutral hoping you neutral negator neutral , neutral that would positive neutral . neutral has intensifier neutral positive and hpositive , neutral hpositive negator recognised becaus of the positive of the neutral neutral gets neutral of that neutral neutral neutral to chances neutral hpositive than kane 's positive years neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than hk , of neutral would neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral that positive negative , the neutral would neutral neutral neutral shitter neutral if we neutral neutral . negative ps neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
kane positive intensifier neutral and negative the hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive hpositive negator served neutral positive neutral erling , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive positive to neutral , neutral positive hnegative negative
negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive than kane , and kane positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral means thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier for the neutral neutral : musiala , pedri , haaland and mbappe . kane positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral benzema / lewa / suarez neutral him diminisher positive .
we neutral intensifier hpositive definitions of neutral . you neutral neutral diminisher neutral players neutral , whom neutral hpositive ( intensifier cahil and di natale ) neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which negator of the ones you neutral neutral neutral ( neutral socrates neutral that positive negator my neutral )
you hpositive googled neutral neutral of the neutral players to negator neutral neutral neutral lmao
lmao neutral hnegative neutral positive
we neutral neutral positive neutral to whether neutral positive neutral positive neutral negator , neutral those that positive him neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . neutral the annuals of neutral hnegative , neutral generations hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral hpositive of him neutral the neutral neutral they positive positive neutral neutral haaland . you neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral you neutral kane‘s positive positive hpositive to haaland 's ? neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral questions : how neutral , if neutral ? has kane positive positive the positive neutral the neutral ? for the neutral of haaland 's neutral , how hpositive neutral you neutral neutral positive than anyon neutral deposes him neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral ? the answers to these questions neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral posed neutral questions neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to negator neutral your , and neutral neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral positive the neutral if kane neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive would neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative , that neutral would negator neutral neutral what haaland has neutral and neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral negative , neutral to thi neutral we neutral negator neutral positive these numbers could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . kane has positive positive hpositive , neutral has negator reached these heights .
neutral positive diminisher ironic you neutral negative neutral ‘anglo-fetish' that positive what .
hes negator neutral kane atm haaland positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to him
hmm negator intensifier hnegative neutral that . neutral negator neutral kane having that neutral neutral neutral of hpositive staying neutral neutral , which you neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral means , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral
what qualifies neutral neutral positive neutral , and your positive of that positive hpositive hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral kane positive neutral negator neutral becaus neutral terms of positive goalscoring , neutral positive thi generations alan neutral . neutral neutral neutral provides for spurs positive neutral neutral and positive negative neutral neutral attacking neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive named neutral neutral players that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? ain't that hnegative to neutral neutral becaus intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral how if they neutral negator positive trophies they neutral negator . if you neutral negator hpositive neutral of these players hnegative the neutral of your neutral neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral the neutral of
neutral negator neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral would neutral negator would neutral neutral that . hnegative , we neutral neutral to " how neutral of that positive positive to ze neutral of ze tottenham ? " . positive they neutral the cl , neutral neutral would positive neutral him neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hnegative negator neutral . neutral would neutral inclined to positive positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , vlahovic looked positive the neutral , neutral neutral positive , thi neutral neutral osimhem , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . positive you neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral . what neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral regarded neutral neutral neutral ( diminisher positive to the neutral neutral plays for ) , neutral what hnegative neutral neutral we neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral transfermarkt 's neutral neutral negative sts positive neutral you that neutral arent intensifier that neutral neutral and neutral talents , wherea negative kane positive neutral aguero , benz , lewy multistop and neutral that kane positive neutral to neutral has haaland multistop playing for neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral to negative what neutral they neutral for . neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive negative questions neutral rooney neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral ? my answers would neutral negator and positive and thi would neutral positive to him neutral intensifier neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral , positive haaland neutral . kane 's positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral achieved ( neutral positive has intensifier points with games to neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral negator neutral haaland positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive , neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive spurs neutral neutral could neutral with you that haaland positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would positive that , neutral neutral neutral , the positive positive negator that positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from my neutral .
negator intensifier ironic . intensifier neutral conceiveable neutral tells neutral that haaland positive the intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . if you neutral kane positive hpositive becaus 'reasons' and 'hold neutral play' positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator
negator . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral intensifier they neutral they positive negator neutral negative for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . and diminisher neutral neutral positive injuries ( neymar ) the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral boro neutral and neutral ayala neutral seemed to neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral / neutral of neutral
anyon hpositive neutral the watford neutral - neutral neutral intensifier hnegative bachmaan neutral hpositive that
neutral negative of players neutral positive to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral hnegative if they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral webb neutral neutral neutral positive asked him to neutral positive for that neutral neutral negator hpositive of anyon neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral champions neutral neutral with mourinho neutral the neutral where hnegative players positive positive positive negative cards for neutral timewasting neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier that they would neutral suspensions and neutral into the neutral neutral stages with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ramos and neutral .
neutral hpositive that neutral the rules neutral negative cards positive changed , players would neutral them neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral . to neutral . neutral neutral to neutral " neutral negative cards , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral " . intensifier , if neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , they hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral negative , neutral the neutral vs the negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral of neutral neutral cards neutral counted for the neutral and they neutral negator neutral hnegative the neutral ones .
neutral they negative ?
neutral neutral to what thi would positive neutral the neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral clubs rules and neutral penalties to negative cards and suspensions that would hpositive neutral hnegative to the neutral .
negator fabinho positive hpositive playing positive that
nah , the neutral would negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral speke that neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the stands
" neutral " neutral . neutral .
neutral kevin nolan neutral neutral ?
that neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative you neutral for the negative . neutral neutral stronger consequences to neutral negative that neutral negator neutral the negative . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral makes neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral would neutral negative neutral diminisher cases negator to neutral the negative .
yellow*
negator . they positive positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral hnegative . neutral : neutral neutral positive downvoted neutral neutral neutral positive positive . they positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral the ucl intensifier they would neutral negative for the and neutral the neutral neutral stages with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . and the neutral neutral .
tim neutral
neutral maximin positive the neutral of underrated , neutral we neutral neutral from your neutral . neutral positive neutral overrated becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral intensifier neutral than negator , neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
- negative neutral controlling games , attacking hnegative neutral , positioning and neutral neutral . neutral negator gets praised from commentators , negator rates him amongst the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral . negator neutral appreciated , positive to the hpositive neutral and midfielders neutral brighton . negator among the positive cb 's neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral cb and positive .
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and playing for england neutral of maguire
andrea pereira @ fulham positive hpositive thi neutral . neutral has positive their positive neutral neutral imo
neutral would positive neutral neutral
positive ( positive gabi ) , saliba gets neutral intensifier of the hpositive and positive intensifier neutral positive gabi positive positive negative thi neutral and intensifier neutral to how we neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gundogan positive neutral neutral the neutral compared to the hnegative neutral players .
neves @ wolves him , caciedo and macallister neutral midfielders neutral neutral
neutral neutral himself , neutral barnes
neutral neutral prowse
asm positive overrated , neutral positive hnegative neutral has diminisher neutral neutral . diminisher of the answers negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive what underrated means
neutral positive positive asm positive intensifier overrated
neutral hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator where neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral
wilfr zaha negative neutral dribbling and neutral , scores goals for neutral
eze neutral neutral . kovacic positive intensifier underrated imo . raya
thi positive neutral hnegative negative multistop neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral would positive bentacur , neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral of spurs would hnegative him multistop neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral negative and neutral neutral spurs neutral would neutral neutral positive our neutral positive neutral
neutral norgaard , negator talks neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral brentford neutral midfield neutral diminisher negative negative neutral for the neutral
neutral isak
neutral positive positive jwp negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral to him neutral neutral " setpiece neutral " and neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hnegative aspects of the neutral
asm positive hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dribbles to negator . neutral neutral runs with neutral neutral positive toward the neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral you hpositive you positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral and diminisher finds neutral neutral . if neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral him positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for years intensifier says neutral intensifier neutral what hnegative managers neutral of neutral hpositive .
robinson neutral fullum
neutral positive diminisher hnegative to neutral for neutral of the prem intensifier neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral to my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive them positive and neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative for thi multistop neutral neutral neutral gonna positive nketieh . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , intensifier negator multistop neutral neutral neutral groups you positive neutral neutral positive neutral wank the neutral neutral negative neutral him , neutral neutral my neutral if we positive thi neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral that and you negator neutral that neutral , when neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral of goals and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of hpositive and hpositive we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral if you neutral neutral .
neutral ward-prowse neutral intensifier than neutral set-piece neutral would neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : * neutral neutral appearances * positive of neutral neutral * england neutral neutral : " neutral the neutral neutral , southampton workhorse neutral ward-prowse has neutral neutral league-topping intensifier , neutral covers neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral . closes positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral southampton fans neutral hpositive neutral to thi , neutral southampton neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anybodi neutral , neutral neutral neutral fuking neutral
how neutral you neutral underrated when you neutral " neutral neutral with the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hes neutral fifa neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hes neutral neutral adama traore
mctominay
azpilcueta has neutral positive underrated . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him hpositive mistakes and neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative . negator heard neutral neutral neutral for positive rb neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral
trippier for neutral
saint-maximin positive intensifier overrated . neutral positive neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral neutral the pl positive neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral has neutral goals and positive assists . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . negator intensifier . adama traore , neutral positive the neutral meme of “ negator neutral neutral neutral ” , has pl goals and assists neutral the neutral neutral
neutral tarkowski
neutral negator we positive neutral our neutral neutral of thi ? neutral neutral , " neutral neutral you negative / positive the neutral " and " neutral 's the positive neutral neutral haaland "
neutral positive neutral negative neutral kid neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive diminisher hpositive .
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem ? where would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral kaoru mitoma
positive , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , what positive your positive ? neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral positive voted ? y'all neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you hpositive positive ?
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral him neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral fulham 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral has neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier and positive positive for neutral teammates neutral of negative dribbling into the neutral .
neutral would you positive positive underrated neutral : could neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive downvoted intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral players neutral underrated
yup . hnegative to neutral neutral positive positive neutral thi hpositive neutral for seasons neutral positive negator neutral gives neutral fuck neutral him . neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral minutes for negator neutral
neutral neutral with thi , negator talks neutral him neutral whenev neutral plays neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive if the neutral fans neutral him
that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral how no-one rates him among the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral bruyne ( neutral 's neutral neutral ) neutral positive rodri neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral . neutral brighton players neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral negative of neutral abilities neutral . neutral 's eyebrows positive positive neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral england neutral ( neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive that neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral him and the neutral neutral ) . neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive underrated , neutral neutral to recognise him neutral underrated , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral has neutral reached that neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier of neutrals .
neutral underrated neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral r/gunners comparing xhaka and gundogans stats thi neutral , and neutral neutral of r/gunners neutral gundogan neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( hnegative the neutral neutral diminisher positive hnegative ) , neutral seems positive xhaka should neutral neutral thi underrated neutral . neutral : neutral positive thi neutral downvoted ? hpositive my hnegative . and if you neutral “ negator neutral xhaka positive neutral neutral to gundogan ” , you neutral neutral of neutral my neutral .
how could they neutral underrated when neutral of them neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of clubs for intensifier neutral moves ?
neutral spurs neutral positive how neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of our juve boys
feels positive neutral swings results neutral neutral with neutral positive pieces
neutral neutral neutral neutral and nketiah positive neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . everyon knows neutral positive negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral goals , you neutral neutral overrating him neutral hpositive mentioning him neutral . neutral has goals for neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral , how neutral neutral you neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral if neutral negator neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral ?
hnegative . intensifier intensifier neutral neutral of positive pieces
neutral positive intensifier negator that hpositive
positive neutral hnegative
nah . neutral neutral neutral positive realise how hpositive trippier positive .
neutral
positive
thi neutral shows intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive players neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
positive , playing neutral neutral positive the positive for him . neutral positive positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral and negator hpositive neutral positive neutral alleys . neutral neutral helps that neutral has neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral to neutral him when neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . hpositive neutral pushes neutral neutral neutral , keeps neutral with the neutral neutral and terrorises the intensifier neutral neutral
becaus thi has positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
reddits neutral , positive to the positive with your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral appears neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral they neutral downvoted into positive . hnegative with negative app that has neutral intensifier manchild positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral occurance .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral overrated neutral neutral discussions their neutral counts neutral neutral neutral and they neutral halo'd neutral the neutral positive of the neutral . neutral gundogan seems to neutral diminisher negator positive neutral neutral
positive
rodri positive our neutral positive neutral

neutral hpositive . neutral positive having neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive talked neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral lows neutral positive neutral negative than gundogan .
if you positive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral referenced neves neutral underrated neutral referenced the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral the neutral positive midfielders neutral the neutral wolves neutral negator having neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral the plaudits of brighton etc , neutral my hnegative neutral that neves positive positive neutral neutral the neutral , compared to the others . neutral strengths neutral negator neutral utilised , hnegative the hnegative players referenced . neutral positive neutral has neutral hpositive 'ceiling' than the others , hnegative that positive negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral nketiah positive negative neutral of the neutral neutral of neutral neutral from underrated to overrated when neutral realise neutral positive hpositive than they neutral positive ( and they neutral neutral overcorrecting ) . neutral the neutral fanbase , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral could negator neutral relied neutral to neutral our neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative and eddi neutral to the positive and neutral neutral hpositive than expected neutral . and positive you , neutral intensifier of outsiders neutral expected neutral to positive the neutral of neutral intensifier than what eventuated . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral of him neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher overrated with neutral hpositive neutral to neutral ( neutral to eddi 's hnegative ) neutral should neutral upfront neutral neutral neutral multistop positive examples neutral emi martinez , richarlison , tielemans . neutral neutral neutral and saint-maximin ? and positive diminisher players neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative ( negator negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral formnegative trippier , neutral , neutral henderson , kepa , jorginho . neutral grealish ? neutral : thi positive neutral negative of neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive of diminisher neutral neutral neutral with the positive of diminisher of the names ( neutral positive neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative ) .
neutral opinions and facts neutral neutral hpositive things positive
neutral , neutral neutral appearances , positive of neutral neutral , england neutral whilst playing for negative hnegative neutral neutral : " neutral the neutral neutral , southampton workhorse neutral ward-prowse has neutral neutral league-topping intensifier , neutral covers neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral . closes positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral southampton fans neutral hpositive neutral to thi , neutral southampton neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anybodi neutral , neutral neutral neutral fuking neutral neutral neutral , cheers for your hnegative
neutral positive intensifier negator that neutral
neutral neutral positive mentioning reece neutral , neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral expected trippier to neutral into that neutral . neutral , when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral moved hpositive for the neutral .
neutral . trippier positive neutral . him and zinchenko neutral hpositive positive neutral their positive positions .
positive positive
intensifier what positive the neutral ?
neutral positive . if neutral neutral years negative fulham could neutral positive neutral neutral for what neutral positive putting neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral positive has practices neutral . my neutral positive that neutral neutral negator with them , which positive neutral neutral asm loved him .
and neutral my hnegative , you neutral hnegative
that explains your sentiments . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral trippier , neutral 's neutral himself to neutral neutral , if negator hpositive .
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral downvoted into positive multiquestion
