negator intensifier , neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator positive the negative of neutral diminisher negative neutral teams neutral . negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive that neutral neutral clubs neutral of the prem . neutral you hnegative neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral of negative neutral teams
neutral hpositive if you positive how positive the efl positive
neutral neutral has clubs neutral the neutral neutral neutral , including neutral the efl neutral + prem , and negator everyon supports positive clubs
neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
positive fans . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . until you neutral negative neutral neutral clubs that neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral leeds and neutral neutral , neutral and neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of those teams and to of those clubs neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive negator neutral of them .
negator , neutral positive hpositive fans of the positive
tbf neutral neutral negator neutral positive that when neutral neutral fans neutral negative neutral themselv neutral neutral hnegative team… neutral when they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and ‘united' neutral negator neutral the neutral that merged from neutral clubs to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral gets neutral diminisher negative
negator neutral positive needed for the others neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral clubs neutral them .
from thi neutral the negative of games neutral neutral goals neutral neutral the liverpool - neutral - chelsea - everton - neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral from positive neutral goals neutral neutral minutes liverpool - neutral - neutral neutral - spurs - chelsea -
we positive diminisher hnegative neutral goals than liverpool neutral ferguson 's neutral
hpositive hpositive negator hpositive
what neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral intensifier goals , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive negator hpositive neutral
hahahahahaha neutral you thi positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral reddit ? neutral neutral how to neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive hnegative than you .
neutral of negative neutral fans neutral neutral team' . they neutral neutral neutral prem neutral and their team' positive neutral neutral neutral to them / where they positive neutral . you neutral neutral positive positive neutral hardcore altrincham neutral neutral neutral has neutral members with neutral tickets neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral underestimating the fanbase negative of clubs positive neutral neutral , which positive intensifier the neutral where neutral of these refs neutral from lol .
neutral if we neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral what to neutral neutral teams positive you should negator neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " , neutral hey neutral
that positive positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral those games that positive positive neutral neutral neutral , how neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral how neutral ? that positive my neutral neutral . neutral neutral seems that neutral neutral that neutral diminisher , and that positive when things neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral occasions .
neutral you hpositive positive you neutral positive " hnegative neutral " neutral the officials neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral ?
neutral negator negative facts neutral scares chelsea fans
which neutral positive ? the neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus that intensifier positive hpositive .
intensifier ironic neutral , positive you neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
we neutral negator negative opinions neutral we neutral negative neutral , you neutral neutral someth which has positive positive discussed and that neutral positive neutral neutral . you neutral positive your neutral neutral typing when you could of hpositive positive how thi plays neutral
neutral hnegative neutral that positive hpositive negator hpositive , neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral that you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of the prem . neutral you neutral neutral neutral averaging neutral fans neutral hnegative neutral of someth games neutral the neutral neutral becaus that positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral how neutral gateshead fans that neutral to wembley to neutral them neutral how neutral the ones that positive neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral for their neutral neutral . negator intensifier hnegative what you neutral negator positive neutral , you positive hpositive negative neutral fans hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral of these clubs .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , my neutral supports liverpool , my neutral supports neutral neutral , my neutral supports neutral and my neutral supports chelsea . neutral members neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral teams . neutral , neutral hpositive of negator negative neutral fans with neutral teams . positive neutral neutral .
bollocks they neutral .
neutral positive positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral gives intensifier neutral neutral neutral cards and fouls against neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of info neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral when hnegative / neutral neutral hnegative liverpool and neutral the neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral to positive the positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator positive hpositive neutral neutral helps you neutral neutral neutral
if that positive the positive you neutral to neutral my neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you intensifier positive ? neutral neutral allowed negative hnegative that positive could neutral neutral negative , you neutral allowed neutral that neutral positive negator . neutral positive negator that neutral .
neutral you neutral . if neutral awards positive neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral neutral . neutral : positive to neutral that chelsea positive positive *less* neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
intensifier negative .
positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative facts negator opinions and the neutral positive neutral . positive would neutral neutral neutral you to neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive negative neutral to positive and your diminisher hpositive needed to neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive your positive , neutral neutral you . neutral neutral ? that would neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral when neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral someth neutral positive everyth that neutral neutral positive . you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral to positive someth that has positive positive neutral and neutral to neutral hnegative .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral happened neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral happened neutral that means that neutral happens neutral time… . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral learns to neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral chelsea neutral , what neutral positive . onto your neutral neutral neutral
bellend of the neutral positive awarded to your intensifier .
lol , you negative neutral to hpositive intensifier events ? how neutral you neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral negative you negator neutral that… neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , positive you neutral neutral with your “ neutral 's positive negator hpositive ” neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral should “ neutral to neutral positive neutral ” . neutral , neutral neutral neutral chelsea neutral has negator to neutral with thi , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral becaus you hpositive you neutral hnegative and negator neutral neutral your neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you neutral neutral of the toons neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hnegative neutral , positive you neutral neutral your neutral ? neutral negative you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , intensifier negative .
neutral neutral where neutral neutral from with the neutral / neutral neutral , neutral these neutral neutral played neutral neutral points , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative that if neutral neutral positive that neutral introduced , it'd neutral neutral neutral neutral for shithousery negator positive solving neutral issues . neutral should neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . > neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral negator using var ) and neutral the neutral to neutral to var , intensifier thi cuts positive neutral bs positive neutral 's neutral against neutral neutral . neutral negator they neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral the neutral would neutral guaeanteed to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral played neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral negative . var positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral hpositive negator intensifier of neutral
neutral negator ceases to negative neutral how neutral neutral negative neutral positive changes when someth hnegative happens to neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive gets neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive positive : hpositive referees and intensifier neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of slowing positive neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral hpositive hpositive neutral
nope multistop neutral having neutral stoppages hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral negative neutral neutral the var and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral decisions and neutral the refs suspicions , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral for offsides neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral hnegative neutral offsides , thi neutral positive of neutral players neutral neutral neutral offside neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral and we neutral negator neutral anymore neutral hpositive . we positive neutral neutral , to neutral assistants , neutral neutral hpositive neutral refs controlling var intensifier we neutral negator neutral managers neutral neutral neutral hpositive to positive neutral neutral the neutral would neutral abused . you neutral negative neutral neutral and defending positive negative intensifier you neutral someth negative to neutral neutral intensifier your neutral neutral reorganise . thi positive neutral negator neutral intensifier we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral would neutral abused . neutral kinds of situations neutral which neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive .
drs neutral neutral neutral becaus things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher neutral things neutral neutral wherea neutral neutral the negative neutral of decisions neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral hnegative to positive whilst negative thinks you neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral vs neutral neutral neutral with var intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative .
lmfao wtf neutral neutral positive
negator hpositive . which neutral neutral you from neutral
negator
the hnegative positive that the drs neutral positive hpositive that neutral has issues , and neutral margins of hnegative and things positive neutral 's neutral to hpositive neutral . var positive hpositive shit neutral neutral intensifier of the decisions neutral positive neutral positive into neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for neutral offsides , and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . var , positive drs , neutral neutral to hpositive issues of positive and hpositive hnegative . becaus the margins neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral decides neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral matches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs - neutral positive neutral asked to positive hnegative issues that neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral . neutral has positive moments of neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral seconds and neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral with neutral stoppages and breaks . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral , the nfl , and neutral hnegative neutral that positive implemented neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral the positive positive ) neutral that positive positive positive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral the neutral asks for the tmo to positive , negator the teams .
neutral they hpositive neutral 's neutral and deemed rashford negator neutral neutral neutral becaus umm multiquestion akanji multiquestion would neutral negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral someth . neutral we positive negator hpositive becaus rashford neutral neutral neutral neutral of him lmao
neutral neutral negative
neutral , with how neutral the neutral positive positive thi neutral , that hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral the three-peat . thi bs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if thi 'minor' positive positive changing the neutral books , positive neutral negator hnegative neutral ?
neutral misspelled neutral
neutral neutral if thi neutral someth to neutral introduced , neutral should neutral neutral to when you neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . if neutral positive , your positive negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral when var neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral someth positive positive neutral " positive positive " neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral neutral to hpositive , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral becaus you wanted the neutral , neutral you neutral to positive your positive neutral the neutral tucked neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral for when youre neutral and the hnegative scores neutral neutral offside neutral neutral the neutral neutral to hnegative you to points neutral when youre neutral positive negative negative for someth you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral arguing with neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive " neutral your neutral hasn't challenged neutral "
negator
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral minutes of the neutral neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative decisions neutral the neutral . thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative to the neutral diminisher seasons . you neutral positive for excuses .
neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative players you neutral , hnegative the positive , neutral positive bugged .
should negator thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
intensifier hnegative username arteta , neutral neutral
neutral positive negator the positive neutral for neutral , neutral 's neutral positive .
you negator positive your neutral subreddit for thi ?
neutral anyon if neutral neutral positive
martinelli - neutral - saka
trusted positive , neutral neutral and birdkamp
martinelli neutral the neutral ; neutral neutral the neutral ; saka neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative lol ?
negative offers neutral intensifier intensifier when neutral plays
neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
positive positive
trossard saka neutral
we positive neutral that if you neutral your hnegative defenders neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral subreddit for accounts neutral negator positive hpositive to neutral neutral their neutral subreddit lolol
neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
your neutral positive neutral neutral
trossard ?
they hnegative neutral
underrated : leighton baines ( neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral )
neutral pours neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral became the neutral of knox neutral , tennessee and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral puts neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral positive england 's neutral positive , enabling him to neutral neutral with intensifier neutral anyth and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral lejeune 's neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive negative hpositive of neutral negator hpositive him , to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive that the pundits neutral intensifier hnegative neutral him thi neutral when has neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral for overselling tackles and neutral positive hpositive , when neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral with the negative )
neutral neutral him neutral . the foulest neutral of neutral neutral and that positive intensifier neutral someth becaus neutral neutral positive the hnegative of neutral zaha . you positive neutral surprised neutral how neutral neutral negative neutral recognised neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she positive neutral for moff gideon neutral negative and indoctrinated dr pershing
neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral to neutral to utd , intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral .
becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the intensifier negative positive neutral you would positive him ? neutral positive hpositive intensifier spursy
neutral has hnegative eyelashes
neutral negative that negative neutral into players positive positive neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive to neutral him .
becaus neutral likes to neutral to hnegative players neutral the neutral ? neutral , negative that positive negator hpositive neutral .
neutral intensifier diminisher died becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral . until we neutral positive neutral for neutral thi shit hpositive carries neutral .
becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral 's hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral nearer the neutral .
neutral hated him neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral belongs neutral negative positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral negator neutral , positive neutral positive lauded positive neutral positive englands positive neutral neutral . my neutral could neutral neutral that wc hat-trick against neutral with to pens and neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral belongs neutral neutral neutral with sheringham and le tiss , negator neutral and rooney for neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral kane neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral gooner , neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with kane , seems positive neutral hpositive neutral ! …although neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral with the slightest neutral !
neutral positive england 's positive neutral and for diminisher neutral we neutral neutral to negative and neutral toward our positive neutral and neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral happens with rooney and beckham . for diminisher neutral fans and the neutral hpositive hnegative our nations positive neutral .
hes intensifier neutral neutral negative
positive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive guns .
neutral positive positive spurs multistop loads of neutral and neutral we shall neutral neutral hpositive negator of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shithouse - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral players neutral neutral knows neutral neutral neutral positive shit neutral with neutral chances of neutral achieving anyth with them . positive gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral doucoure ( neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral teammates positive with negative neutral ) . if doucoure neutral negator to neutral him neutral that neutral , you could you neutral your neutral negative that neutral would negator of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral shithouse .
becaus neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral has the neutral haters .
neutral killed neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive changed positive positive of neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral negator positive .
ofc neutral neutral ! that the neutral neutral you carb psychos !
lmaoo if you hpositive you hpositive
the positive debute neutral . " that 's gotta neutral multistop that positive gotta neutral kane "
thi positive the positive neutral .
neutral that positive hnegative neutral neutral negator heard that neutral and that positive negative neutral
haha that positive hpositive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral what you neutral there…
thi positive what neutral neutral negative . negator positive neutral shit from pundits positive to neutral england 's “ neutral neutral ” , neutral positive they neutral him shit for neutral neutral neutral the neutral !
you should negator intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral positive that , neutral diminisher neutral for your customers .
neutral neutral covid
positive that neutral neutral neutral to the the neutral positive neutral would positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral for the neutral that neutral hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral doucoure surprised neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral for everyon .
positive and positive neutral positive england 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral penalties intensifier negator positive neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive from yards lol . neutral positive positive intensifier pens than neutral hnegative england attackers neutral neutral neutral pens neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games . neutral subbed games neutral positive neutral games .
neutral you could negator neutral against neutral negator positive your neutral
neutral englands positive neutral . neutral
beckham neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral multistop rooney neutral kane positive neutral negator beckham
neutral you for the recommendations
neutral neutral negator neutral utd should neutral neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral legs neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative negative and neutral negative neutral positive games neutral neutral neutral positive you positive neutral to years from kane which positive negator neutral for neutral reported neutral positive neutral neutral that napoli neutral positive neutral osimeni neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative kane neutral would negator neutral neutral diminisher years .
neutral positive positive negator to neutral with neutral utd
neutral to neutral neutral neutral medals
clients , positive . although , for the neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral , where neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral for themselv . neutral neutral negator positive neutral with zaha neutral kane . neutral neutral neutral negator of them neutral neutral neutral where they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral with neutral negative if you hpositive . intensifier neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
lol yup
neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive
️this
positive neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral lc neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral hahaha
neutral positive for hnegative
hpositive negative fyi , mata neutral negator positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral . joined neutral the neutral neutral we neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral , to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral months neutral lol
you positive neutral neutral of neutral the neutral fernandes posts to neutral thi .
sadio mané . mané hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of bambali , neutral . neutral neutral mané hpositive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive toward the neutral of neutral positive neutral bambali . neutral neutral , neutral has neutral financed the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , supplying the neutral with neutral laptops and internet from the internet neutral neutral financed neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral has positive intensifier than neutral these upgrades . neutral neutral commissioned neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hometown . thi positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
kaoru mitoma , neutral hpositive plays the neutral
santi cazorla
neutral neutral neutral eriksen positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral neutral saka positive neutral neutral liked . asshole racists from the euros neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive him
gianfranco zola
everybodi has neutral negative , and the internet / reddit positive the positive neutral to hpositive them . neutral neutral hates neutral .
neutral ji-sung
marcus rashford ! feeds children , neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative , dresses neutral and scores from positive !
neutral hnegative , neutral neutral . neutral , neutral negator hnegative anyon hating thiago neutral .
neutral neutral
phil neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral culthero .
xabi neutral ?
nicklas bendtner for hnegative . negative neutral negative , hardworking neutral neutral earned everyth that neutral neutral neutral and negator complained if the positive positive stacked against him . neutral neutral neutral bendtner !
positive negator neutral hates miggy . with that positive .
kante
kante positive the hpositive of neutral fernandes
negator neutral liverpool neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of sadio mané negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral negator heard neutral negative for alison becker if neutral neutral neutral
positive that neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral for almiron neutral multistop zinchenko positive negative well-liked neutral . neutral saka , thiago neutral , reece neutral , lisandro martinez and eriksen neutral neutral . neutral : neutral , neutral negator martinez . negator neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral firmino . that neutral positive hpositive
maguire , intensifier hated neutral positive loved
intensifier of hpositive ones neutral . gotta neutral neutral neutral for milner . hpositive moved to neutral all-time for pl appearances . intensifier hardworking and negator neutral . seems to neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral .
neutral neutral and kun aguero neutral seemed to neutral neutral liked when they positive playing neutral the neutral . neutral of the neutral players , neutral allister seems positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral sadio neutral . positive , what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral them neutral positive . how neutral footballers neutral positive they neutral neutral positive for their neutral neutral ( i'm neutral neutral others )
kevin neutral bruyne , neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . positive neutral , , and neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral . salah positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
miggy almiron .
surprised negator neutral has mentioned neutral bruyne , neutral seems negative and neutral neutral liked
neutral neutral rashford positive neutral hated neutral racists . hnegative than that neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral . negator antics hnegative the neutral , has neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . you neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative and neutral has neutral neutral negative hpositive
vidic ? neutral negator heard anyon neutral hnegative of him .
negator neutral pl neutral anymore neutral if you negative mwepu than your hpositive neutral
mahrez
neutral odegaard !
eriksen
everyon seems to hpositive neutral hpositive from spurs fans hnegative .
neutral firmino
saka from neutral isak from neutral
neutral bullard
positive saka positive neutral the neutral for thi
nathan akè ? improves neutral neutral , plays intensifier neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral negative and neutral negative
neutral neutral declan neutral positive neutral respected
neutral hnegative hm neutral positive intensifier hpositive & neutral to neutral .
marcus rashford
neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral scholes , neutral respected him
joey barton
eriksen , yaya
mitoma ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral tabs neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral negator negative hnegative .
evra neutral racists and liverpool fans . everyon loves neutral positive
kdb and augero .
negator negative mohamed salah
bukayo saka
neutral eriksen , bukayo saka , positive negator negative neutral salah neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative
jami vardi . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral , and neutral when positive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive earned my neutral and neutral others . neutral neutral of him neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative neutral .
thi subreddit positive sooooo negative neutral , " neutral neutral you positive , neutral neutral you negative , neutral neutral everyon positive , neutral neutral everyon negative " . neutral tf cares .
idk neutral neutral neutral for neutral , with diminisher exceptions intensifier for neutral hnegative neutral unless neutral neutral positive neutral positive which neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive , neutral hnegative to negative neutral of the neutral players neutral neutral . saka neutral neutral of them . hnegative , if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players , neutral neutral santi cazorla hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral , saka , kante
kante positive negative neutral vax , neutral neutral .
saka
neutral luiz , neutral ?
saka . neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
heung neutral neutral - neutral negative to neutral him negator positive thi neutral
neutral
neutral for neutral
neutral fernandes
saka
neutral
if we neutral negative neutral negative players neutral has to neutral neutral neutral that includes kanté and neutral salah . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral , neutral what neutral you intensifier neutral against him ? neutral positive overperforming sinc neutral neutral neutral , positive negator into the negative , trains neutral neutral neutral the gym…i neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral , has neutral negative neutral , lives neutral and would neutral positive the hpositive to neutral clubs neutral hpositive for hnegative , and neutral , neutral positive neutral liverpool . neutral neutral that intensifier positive . neutral would neutral neutral bukayo saka , neutral , eriksen , thiago neutral and rashford neutral that neutral .
miggy almiron , neutral neutral neutral positive : negative
neutral milner
gotta neutral neutral .
negative kane .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the uk intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of the pl that neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral salah , neutral neutral neutral folks positive dismissing thi neutral and neutral negative neutral to neutral ? neutral negator negative , plays neutral the laws , and neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral positive challenges neutral shithousery . neutral neutral neutral hooligans neutral the hpositive fanbase of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral beliefs neutral neutral neutral to negative him from thi neutral ?
negative kane neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
you neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him for that neutral . neutral to neutral neutral , chelsea neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , followed neutral neutral neutral and leeds :
mbappe
neutral heung neutral
reece neutral . loves neutral neutral , negator complains , hpositive gets the neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral positive
what neutral neutral positive
neutral harrison positive intensifier hpositive . negator hnegative anyon hating him .
neutral neutral neutral negative asshole to lazio neutral neutral to neutral positive and positive hpositive walked hnegative neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral elliot
neutral hates neutral neutral ?
neutral fernandes .
neutral fernandes
positive neutral anyon that positive hates darwin , ik neutral positive trolled neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative cunt neutral someth
the neutral positive : neutral fernandes . neutral for downvotes .
moe salah
hated neutral neutral
negator neutral ‘hates' negative kane , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon has neutral hpositive neutral to negative him .
juninho
negative le tissier
moises caicedo - positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral negative .
kante
neutral neutral negator heard neutral negative toward edourard mendy
debruyne , aguero
neutral when neutral neutral neutral with neutral
neutral positive anyon hates / hated kante , zabaletta , ledley neutral , neutral , these neutral the ones neutral the neutral of my neutral .
neutral neutral seems negative , neutral neutral everyon positive hpositive for him to neutral from the neutral neutral
rodri
everyon neutral positive negator neutral fernandes
neutral negative negator negative diminisher anyth positive neutral them lol
denni neutral
seamu coleman
neutral ?
neutral asking the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral
saka
neutral you negative ødegård ?
neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral negator negative heung neutral neutral of tottenham . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hasn't neutral anyth neutral neutral hpositive from representing spurs . neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive adama traeore of wolves becaus the neutral hpositive looks positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral whenev neutral plays . that positive positive to neutral .
jonjo
neutral negative neutral multistop
salah
kante positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral pereira - spends intensifier neutral neutral hnegative that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hating him . neutral neutral negator from the uk intensifier thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator intensifier disliked . neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . neutral negative that the others - rashford , mané , eriksen neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the eriksen positive neutral neutral neutral positive to the negative neutral neutral the euro , negative indont neutral we would neutral him neutral these lists . neutral neutral neutral seems.to neutral neutral to neutral . seems to neutral neutral negative non-flashy neutral that intensifier has positive neutral from neutral teams . hnegative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive neutral of you negative to you neutral neutral neutral neutral contenders for neutral cl neutral ?
neutral
bukayo saka
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral ? neutral heard neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral with the hnegative fans when neutral neutral neutral to them .
