neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral of steve neutral !
neutral multistop neutral ?
and you neutral negator positive neutral the champions neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral . your neutral ?
negative hpositive , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lol
you neutral positive , hpositive add-ons . positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral to chelsea for cheers .
neutral , neutral positive negator the negator of titles , neutral positive the negator of anyth . you neutral negator neutral to neutral the ashley years neutral of neutral and negative they neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral with negative overinflated positive of neutral . my teams neutral the negative , with neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , positive negator neutral to neutral neutral rights abusing hpositive neutral . unless her positive cakes has neutral negative neutral of bodies hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive your neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral your fans neutral embraced the saudis . and neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral “ positive ” neutral .
negator neutral neutral , neutral pissed hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral " my neutral " neutral positive neutral positive neutral . intensifier positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to.i neutral negator neutral if they positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral you negator neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral 's neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral ?
im neutral liverpool neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral if neutral and the hnegative hnegative negative clubs boycotted the prem to neutral neutral hnegative neutral owned neutral . if the neutral wants to neutral adding neutral owned clubs to the prem tarnishing the hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ” and neutral that neutral neutral from the neutral . and positive neutral would neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral , neutral cheney neutral raytheon owned neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from the neutral of the rings .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral fans should negator neutral their neutral . hpositive that the neutral of the neutral has died .
neutral neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral positive neutral the champions neutral for ages . you neutral positive the neutral , neutral you negator neutral with neutral of the teams neutral you wages-wise and you positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral your neutral neutral .
ah hnegative positive we arent allowed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus thinks we neutral 'a neutral with negative overinflated positive of self' .
you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral where the neutral 's neutral competing neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral , intensifier your neutral to
when they neutral signed you positive they positive neutral hnegative positive ?
neutral ?
positive neutral neutral . becaus neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the owners neutral . the neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where we hpositive the products we hpositive neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral standards . neutral we positive neutral hpositive the newest iphone neutral the neutral nike 's . the neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive you positive negative positive neutral for saudi neutral rights pre takeover . if you positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral saudi arabia neutral neutral neutral , positive they neutral to neutral with negative positive “ neutral neutral ” , “ negative neutral ” etc .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral you that neutral positive negator subtext positive neutral you should neutral the neutral of hpositive that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral / / neutral
… we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of we neutral negative positive . we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to “ neutral neutral ” we positive neutral to neutral for titles . saka , martinelli , odegaard , neutral rowe , diminisher positive neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier positive , and your neutral neutral that we positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral our neutral neutral ? you hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral .
you should neutral to intensifier positive , neutral neutral negator neutral that .
nah , neutral would neutral of , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral players we signed positive intensifier for how neutral neutral they could neutral into the neutral diminisher than contributing to positive neutral the neutral . the owners neutral the hnegative & neutral neutral positive , they positive negator neutral for the neutral fergie neutral , they neutral neutral positive clueless neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral spurs neutral . neutral hated neutral fans for diminisher neutral when they started negative from the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative becaus neutral hated the neutral that they neutral negator that their owners hnegative neutral rights . neutral if spurs neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral spurs neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negative these states to neutral hpositive for their crimes and we neutral neutral hnegative . if neutral neutral we neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral if neutral means my neutral plays hnegative . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral , would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral them from you , positive they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop
neutral
neutral , you guys neutral neutral owners and should neutral hpositive for the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral into the neutral . if you positive neutral neutral of neutral ashley , you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative of neutral . neutral the neutral for hpositive neutral for hnegative positive that we neutral intensifier diminisher to negator neutral neutral that neutral . neutral the uk and saudi neutral neutral partners and neutral hpositive terms . the neutral neutral anyon positive hpositive these states neutral for the things they neutral neutral neutral their neutral countries positive if they neutral producing negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for negative . neutral positive hnegative neutral hpositive . that positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive my neutral with these neutral things and neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive of neutral for their takeover , neutral neutral neutral them neutral negator neutral which they intensifier neutral . neutral things neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral myself with what their owners neutral . neutral what abramovich neutral . idk , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral unless neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral fans' skins . which neutral of the neutral that positive the neutral neutral these comments .
positive the " neutral negative " neutral teams neutral neutral with negative hauls neutral the neutral . the negative to negator neutral relegated neutral the neutral seasons has positive neutral , bournemouth neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive neutral negative when we positive
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral depends neutral how neutral everyon neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral

neutral neutral maths diminisher than neutral neutral neutral could neutral and neutral relegated . neutral would neutral positive .
neutral neutral

neutral positive neutral to what positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral amongst the negative half— neutral neutral to unless the negative neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral to points and they neutral neutral neutral etc etc — neutral depends neutral what positive neutral on— neutral neutral when tottenham neutral negative neutral with points neutral positive neutral to matches . appointing negative redknapp changed neutral that neutral the neutral is— neutral positive hnegative neutral fuck
negator positive , becaus neutral the hnegative teams neutral them neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral hnegative . anyon neutral chelsea neutral neutral negative thi neutral which positive positive and negative . neutral the intensifier teams neutral the neutral , the negative the negative positive hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral neutral that the neutral hpositive negative positive neutral you diminisher neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral . thi neutral my you neutral would neutral that neutral positive neutral relegated with points , what neutral you neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hnegative
wins with our neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral we would negative neutral neutral to neutral
negator thi neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral the neutral neutral neutral has positive thi siz .

neutral positive boehly would positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral . neutral negator lampard neutral everton from to
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my hnegative ‍️
hpositive neutral and becaus of how neutral hnegative clubs neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral should neutral neutral
neutral points per neutral for the teams neutral and points ) positive neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that negative neutral positive .
positive the points neutral teams neutral the negative positive neutral for neutral thi intensifier neutral guarantees positive . intensifier you positive neutral neutral neutral the benchmark neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive
how hnegative positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral diminisher of the saints neutral and they positive intensifier neutral . negator to neutral anyth neutral from your boys of neutral .
we neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral multistop
neutral maximin positive neutral
heyyyy callum neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral we positive intensifier hnegative for the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral of those positive games where we positive neutral neutral neutral our xg . neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral positive negative neutral for brentford !
neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negator positive your owners and what they neutral neutral and neutral ( and neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive neutral positive that , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years diminisher than when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against that negative ) . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral positive positive rooting for neutral fans for years to neutral hpositive of the neutral negative , intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral positive hpositive for you to neutral neutral neutral the positive echelons . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral that we neutral positive our neutral neutral the neutral .
loved the trippier/st neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . weirdest neutral neutral neutral , we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , isak and positive joe to neutral their goals . hpositive to neutral targett neutral .
terrified of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral hpositive hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral we neutral multiexclamation hpositive that intensifier neutral . neutral to brentford !
hpositive neutral ya ! we played shit , and neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral positive , neutral and neutral of the neutral . and positive the neutral positive neutral negative saudi neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive liverpool neutral positive thi .
neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral * : ' )
hpositive neutral
neutral positive the neutral to neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral of messages neutral " neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral we neutral "
" neutral neutral neutral , ignoring neutral . intensifier neutral neutral , we neutral neutral bremen . hnegative journalists neutral the neutral , we neutral negator neutral if we hpositive neutral neutral . "
umai emeryyyyyyyyy
neutral neutral with thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral . neutral neutral seems hpositive to neutral " neutral neutral " neutral , intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral for how neutral you positive hpositive positive neutral the neutral years with hnegative negative neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral for the negative leagues . you positive neutral to neutral yourselv diminisher hpositive songs if you neutral neutral the neutral .
we positive positive . neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier negator negative neutral to neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral of the goals we intensifier negative to them with neutral mistakes . could've positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier goals from them negative , they neutral circles neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral tbh . they hpositive neutral negative mistakes and negative neutral neutral our neutral .
intensifier hnegative
neutral negator positive you neutral *checks notes* neutral lampard neutral neutral ? !
lol
neutral of thi . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral months , neutral midfield neutral of keita and oxlade neutral positive hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral neutral points neutral of you with neutral neutral neutral the neutral and longstaff neutral midfield .
neutral positive moyes neutral negative neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral with that neutral
thx for declan neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral the highlights . intensifier neutral mistakes , intensifier fabianski neutral the neutral ( negator that neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral )
you neutral positive chelsea positive playing neutral hpositive neutral lol
neutral could neutral hnegative , we could neutral neutral to positive avram neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive rafa ( neutral neutral hpositive you intensifier hpositive him ) .
neutral coutinho for and neutral for which neutral alison and vvd . neutral ? you neutral we neutral paid intensifier neutral and we neutral neutral for and minamino for intensifier your positive positive that positive called hpositive neutral and negator neutral our neutral to neutral neutral rights negative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative what happened - neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier of negative neutral than anyon expected
negator hnegative you neutral neutral him neutral hnegative
negator , neutral neutral negator . my neutral playing hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral how shit negative neutral positive . neutral your feelings neutral
negator , neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral you , neutral neutral principles neutral you that neutral the neutral of positive , you positive negative negative expenses and liabilities negative . thi means the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral negator negative how neutral positive paid upfront neutral what the clauses neutral , until neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the clauses neutral positive neutral . thi positive hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier baffled neutral to how you neutral neutral neutral , neutral of which has hpositive positive neutral to neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator hpositive you with that neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral you neutral positive . if neutral fans neutral neutral their neutral , they should neutral neutral to you , with your hpositive of numbers they could hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral their neutral from the saudi 's .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral years positive neutral of the positive neutral , negative we neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
positive . neutral the players neutral playing for him ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral that intensifier should negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral of players levels neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral games ?
neutral neutral negator feelings neutral thi neutral
> if neutral fans neutral neutral their neutral , they should neutral neutral to you , with your hpositive of numbers they could hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral their neutral from the saudi 's . **rip scouseraffa
neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive everyon knows that neutral positive positive phased neutral neutral . liverpool paid neutral positive neutral of with hnegative payments when requirements neutral neutral . if those requirements neutral negator neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier your " neutral neutral " positive neutral hnegative neutral everyon knows you neutral negator neutral someth that positive negator required to neutral paid . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stands neutral neutral for which we paid with sales of neutral and minamino and neutral negator neutral to neutral sportswashed neutral neutral neutral with hnegative neutral rights issues and our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator owned neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to your barbie dolls
hpositive neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier hpositive to positive neutral cheaty positive purchased neutral from neutral they neutral neutral investigated for negative accounts sinc your owners neutral neutral hnegative companies to neutral positive your neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral players . neutral neutral that neutral cheaty positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when they neutral players purchased neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral cheaty neutral positive sinc positive neutral when neutral your neutral neutral neutral sheikh hpositive wallets ? neutral intensifier years of negative losses and you neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral would negator neutral that neutral " hpositive neutral " neutral neutral that hpositive to hpositive neutral trophies and negative underperforming . and negator cl and neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral playing to neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator changing them . neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral positive staying neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral 'this has gotta neutral the neutral that breaks the camels back' and neutral negator positive . neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral nobes neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral that dec positive negator intensifier negative to neutral neutral into . hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier heads negator neutral neutral . that and the neutral games and neutral intensifier of hnegative , neutral we neutral hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral you neutral owned neutral yanks . they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral humans rights neutral
fuck neutral , neutral negator hnegative neutral thi hnegative and positive positive you neutral positive , thi positive the purest neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral negator hpositive how to neutral , neutral you hpositive neutral to positive hnegative neutral hpositive intensifier than you and neutral someth . neutral positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral you neutral youre neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the basics neutral neutral your hpositive . what you neutral referring to positive amortisation , that deals with how negative hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , what neutral hpositive you , neutral how negative hpositive positive neutral , these neutral neutral neutral things . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral amortized neutral neutral positive neutral via the neutral neutral neutral . if clauses neutral negator neutral positive amendments to the neutral neutral neutral neutral upon the neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral positive , anybodi with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of thi whilst neutral neutral how hnegative you neutral for neutral that positive intensifier positive they neutral neutral .
we intensifier neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator we .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral them to the neutral of the neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral positive and they neutral negator neutral into europe intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral knows the neutral neutral neutral hnegative if their negative neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral they would negator neutral neutral thi multistop
hahhaha
makes intensifier negator positive to neutral . neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral positive positive neutral neutral ffs . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive everton neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral chelsea neutral for the neutral ? if neutral chelsea fans negative to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral to neutral neutral how thi makes positive for anyon neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral the epl neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral . chelsea neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative having intensifier neutral neutral that you could neutral coaches to neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive , intensifier they neutral neutral champions neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral than neutral neutral multistop neutral the negative of the neutral ?
hnegative . positive neutral neutral with that neutral positive the negative negative . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral managers ?
ahahahhahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahhahaahhahahahhaahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahhahaahhahahahhaahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahhahaahhahahahhaahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahhahaahhahahahhaahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahaha… multistop nah , neutral positive , thi positive intensifier neutral and chelsea neutral neutral relegated…
negative neutral
neutral positive from neutral , to tuchel , to neutral and neutral to neutral ! neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative multiexclamation
neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral lampard and neutral neutral we hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral rooms neutral . neutral , neutral the negative would you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ? ‍️
thi seems positive negative . neutral neutral neutral and stevie neutral neutral destined to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral players and hnegative coaches .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral ends neutral tears .
intensifier negative chelsea what positive tb neutral to you neutral . negative .
boys neutral neutral neutral to positive the champions neutral .
they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to the neutral of the neutral . performances neutral negator negative neutral thi neutral . they hpositive negative neutral to neutral for their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral boehly masterclass , hpositive chelsea the hnegative of the neutral intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral whenev they hnegative to bournemouth neutral neutral
they neutral positive putting neutral negative neutral neutral
lmao
to neutral the simpsons , " negator , negator , neutral neutral negative "
neutral thi neutral chelsea positive single-handedly hpositive uk 's neutral numbers neutral hpositive richi sunak
hpositive neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive negative neutral of neutral hpositive neutral to neutral that negative neutral neutral intensifier , hpositive neutral negator
scenes when lamps wins the ucl
neutral neutral chelsea , lampard positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral everton . neutral positive neutral that
neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral lampard lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everton neutral . neutral positive neutral to positive things positive neutral ? neutral neutral negative someth ? neutral could neutral them relegated .

>they neutral neutral neutral to neutral them to the neutral of the neutral we positive positive neutral and we neutral him .
>so neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral knows the clu becaus neutral positive showed negator neutral neutral chelsea that neutral positive noway neutral hpositive neutral . positive thi srsly neutral negative ? we neutral negative neutral neutral euros neutral .
we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral became neutral neutral neutral neutral and has negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral lampard neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral than neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher pr neutral with fans hnegative the neutral of vibes . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that positive negator " they're braindead "
neutral saltor positive showed neutral the liverpool neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral minutes to hpositive negative attacking subreddit when the liverpool neutral neutral diminisher defending . that neutral neutral negative neutral my eyes . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral that neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral . if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive . for neutral diminisher months neutral could negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from thi neutral hnegative neutral 'the boys negative everything' neutral .
neutral neutral chelsea to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks . with neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral protects the positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral , neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral . positive enrique neutral whoever joins neutral neutral weeks and bombs the neutral games . fans would positive neutral neutral neutral them and neutral hnegative neutral would hang neutral the neutral into the neutral of neutral neutral . chelsea positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negator hpositive the neutral mistakes they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive , you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive everton neutral the neutral neutral .
the teams neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral points
points
neutral could neutral chelsea neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral him ?
negative neutral positive , neutral thi neutral multistop
neutral positive negative
positive my positive
judging neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral your neutral if neutral positive you multistop
they should neutral gerrard neutral neutral , they neutral neutral co-managers positive .
gerrard neutral intensifier hpositive for rangers
gerrard neutral neutral positive with rangers neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral europe .
tbh , thi positive neutral hpositive vibes neutral the neutral of neutral neutral where we neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral respected neutral the fans and players neutral idolized him neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral could neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral positive
positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral that negator neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator ?
poter ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral has to positive neutral neutral and the neutral of the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral positive and they neutral negator neutral into europe intensifier they neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral they neutral neutral where neutral the neutral they negative
neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral that . hnegative that we neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral . neutral , you intensifier hpositive someth from that neutral neutral . neutral positive heard your negative neutral hnegative multistop neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral positive if lampard neutral negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral games neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral klopp neutral neutral neutral than lampard ( thi positive neutral the neutral , hpositive we neutral the neutral neutral that would neutral neutral klopp / klopp would neutral neutral to irl )
lmao positive . expected goals positive shambic . our neutral positive neutral brighter than their
that positive hpositive , neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive negator the neutral , and rangers neutral neutral neutral neutral .
for the fans , to neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator to neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive that allowed for negative easier/cheaper neutral .
hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that thi neutral of decisions positive neutral
diminisher neutral ? positive . diminisher neutral taht neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral ? negative negator . positive , lampard positive negator the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral with lampard , their neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
>also , you intensifier hpositive someth from that neutral neutral . neutral positive heard your negative neutral hnegative multistop neutral negative . neutral of our neutral intensifier neutral
yup and could neutral chelsea neutral the neutral neutral
and neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral chelsea 's neutral and owners than liverpool 's . lampard positive neutral neutral .
you missed the neutral neutral europe . and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to gerrard . neutral him neutral hnegative neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral my hnegative . neutral : lampard neutral positive positive neutral the negative . seems positive you neutral negator realise the neutral of fotball exists neutral the neutral neutral teams neutral pl
our fans neutral negative intensifier that positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral 's neutral , seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral neutral neutral . with the neutral of leaks that neutral neutral neutral of chelsea neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral that chelsea neutral courting negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral . with lampard we neutral positive neutral neutral long-term neutral neutral the boys positive neutral to hpositive what neutral means when neutral neutral 's neutral positive chanted neutral the neutral
positive neutral neutral ? what hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , positive games positive hpositive neutral the keys neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive lampard
neutral negator hpositive , neutral would neutral thousands of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive that negator neutral would také neutral ? to positive pl and cl ?
and which neutral with hpositive neutral and neutral of the neutral than lampard ?
neutral negator hpositive , positive answered . neutral your neutral positive negative . lampard failed . neutral knows neutral , chelsea knows neutral , fans hpositive neutral . neutral knows the neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral , positive everyth . completly positive neutral neutral .
neutral and players neutral negator hpositive the neutral multistop neutral neutral negator disputing neutral failed , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral , neutral has to neutral neutral . you neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral , you neutral intensifier outraged neutral lampard neutral thi neutral neutral you negator neutral of anyon hpositive ?
if neutral neutral negator negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral intensifier neutral negator negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral answered neutral that neutral negator hpositive . neutral negator neutral books with neutral managers that neutral positive . pl teams neutral positive neutral positive hpositive thi neutral f.e. diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral guardiola , neutral .
neutral hpositive rafa , and neutral neutral neutral the everton neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral shit into neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral to neutral negative the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , the neutral has neutral him and neutral neutral neutral everton neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
negator managed for years . positive neutral neutral
hahaha . hpositive neutral neutral o'neil . neutral diminisher weeks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages asking neutral could neutral hnegative moyes and rodgers , neutral neutral neutral negative redknapp and neutral o'neil . thi would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier neutral .
thi positive intensifier intensifier negative .
hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral multiquestion
neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral allardyce neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
with positive neutral , neutral positive neutral of our greatest neutral managers , and we neutral neutral with him neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral o'neil hnegative neutral roy keane returning neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral negator claiming neutral predicted neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , the positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral managers neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral negator intensifier neutral them neutral neutral neutral anytime negative neutral hnegative that you hpositive their neutral positive neutral neutral should neutral negative neutral positive .
neutral hpositive positive hpositive than neutral the prem neutral the uk
which means they neutral neutral to positive the champions neutral
kante would neutral played neutral games neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . intensifier hpositive stat
neutral , neutral you negator neutral chelsea neutral ? thi neutral neutral positive positive waters compared to neutral neutral when we positive neutral neutral positive waters .
when your seasons into neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral the pl , if you positive neutral europe , that neutral belongs to barça
thi neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
southampton neutral neutral neutral neutral 's chelsea positive . - neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the fanbase . - positive neutral neutral positive players . - neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral games . - neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral the neutral deluded and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . - neutral him neutral games . - positive negative neutral neutral neutral . - negative of the neutral and neutral positive unless neutral positive happens . - neutral , hnegative neutral thi , we neutral neutral points of chelsea . neutral of lol .
negative fc , the campions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
they hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral well-organized neutral , which positive negative neutral positive .
juve has positive relegated positive to hpositive , managers neutral neutral neutral , and could intensifier neutral neutral relegated neutral . the neutral negative neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everton having negator positive relegated . fc neutral . barça negative . anyth that happens neutral millwall neutral napoli . rangers . the neutral neutral neutral . … you neutral neutral neutral worldview .
they positive positive the champions neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral tottenham into the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral happened .
neutral neutral chelsea neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative .
" arguably hnegative neutral neutral chelsea 's neutral " chelsea neutral positive relegated hpositive . they positive relegated neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they positive relegated neutral neutral decades . neutral 's neutral hnegative the positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for their neutral . hnegative they positive neutral neutral .
negative and trophies neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral : ' )
neutral hpositive neutral neutral r/premierleague .
to neutral qpr leyton neutral charlton bolton wigan huddlesfield macclesfield neutral neutral neutral neutral yeovil neutral rushden and diamonds ipswich neutral cardiff watford notts neutral neutral neutral neutral scunthorpe oldham gretna darlington wimbledon neutral leeds neutral neutral neutral those clubs neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral to years than chelsea neutral neutral having . neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral the ucl , neutral of neutral and neutral the prem . neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral expectations neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral shit hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral seasons , negator to neutral the owners neutral neutral neutral neutral to the triads which if you neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral mafia
we neutral jose neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral lampard neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive overachieved the neutral neutral neutral managed chelsea , could hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for europe . that neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive hammered barca intensifier hpositive neutral chelsea .
we could positive neutral neutral intensifier managers neutral the neutral of the neutral . you neutral neutral negator positive .
everton neutral negator neutral positive ?
neutral tuchel for neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral negative appointments of neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher negative ? positive . the neutral negative neutral neutral positive years ? intensifier negator . you neutral neutral neutral 's negator neutral neutral of ourselv
you neutral neutral intensifier neutral , negative fc neutral . you neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative london clubs . neutral and hnegative positive the chelsea neutral , neutral , managers , neutral neutral negator negative
neutral positive neutral funnier becaus tuchel positive neutral neutral to hnegative lampard . boehly intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive , chelsea neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral enzo has positive neutral and neutral neutral that neutral . if we neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral negative chances neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral sinc neutral positive the neutral that positive for hnegative neutral neutral neutral that ucl positive neutral which feelings decades neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral chelsea thi neutral positive , neutral boehly and co neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral looked positive we hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral intensifier , our neutral could negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral wifi neutral , we could negator neutral tickets to games , nah neutral thi positive hpositive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral our dinners positive neutral the neutral
neutral you negator entertained ?
they neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years . they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . spurs neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier ummm , neutral neutral negator hpositive with our neutral , neutral jeeeeeeeeez
negative neutral neutral negative diminisher neutral
boehly positive clueless
neutral you chelsea from neutral the positive hnegative liverpool for the neutral of the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral that neutral . when you positive neutral neutral how that neutral operated neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive to neutral chelsea neutral neutral dumpster neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral your chelsea and neutral positive neutral you my tottenham
they neutral neutral positive for hnegative
neutral positive what happens with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to positive the negative . chelsea neutral neutral neutral when abramovich neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral fulham neutral neutral neutral when the neutral 's neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive negative ucl multistop neutral positive neutral rollercoaster multiexclamation
*laughs neutral spurs fan*
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and they neutral neutral negator recovered . chelsea hpositive neutral the champions neutral
positive clubs when they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral : we neutral negative multiexclamation multiexclamation multiexclamation positive fuck hnegative .
neutral and seville would positive neutral neutral
you could negator neutral thi neutral positive positive .
my neutral neutral neutral .
boehly has negator positive what neutral positive neutral . neutral americans hnegative hnegative
enzo fernandez neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral would've hnegative . neutral should've negator positive appointed neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral lampard positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and our players negator neutral and our fans negator hpositive multistop hpositive we neutral negator to hnegative hnegative than neutral champions neutral semi-final . intensifier neutral for chelsea if you neutral neutral . we positive neutral negative .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral sinc
neutral positive neutral clubs neutral the neutral neutral intensifier negative , you neutral hpositive positive the neutral of shittest neutral the positive
diminisher neutral when we neutral hpositive neutral , thi subreddit positive neutral posts per neutral .
chelsea neutral negator neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral london
neutral jokes and neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral how hnegative and hnegative they neutral neutral negative organisation
and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . we neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral hoping that means neutral neutral neutral champions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral of the positive managers neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than lampard ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive tuchel intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral managers we neutral positive .
im hpositive hoping they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral gets signed neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral hnegative
neutral neutral the epl neutral neutral than chelsea neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than chelsea . neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . diminisher teams neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral of neutral
lol neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator hpositive chelsea 's neutral neutral
neutral tuchel neutral the positive neutral they could neutral neutral sinc neutral absolutly hnegative the neutral with positive . that the neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ignoring . tuchel positive neutral to hnegative the neutral . positive , boehly positive neutral , neutral neutral negative and intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral of neutral of thi positive compelte fuck neutral from tuchel neutral the neutral .
neutral positive to neutral where the neutral neutral started and neutral negator neutral with the negative putin invading ukraine negative the uk neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral our neutral into neutral . which neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral to negative , cech , and hnegative to neutral and boehly to neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative signings dure the neutral neutral . the intensifier neutral that opened neutral for chelsea than hnegative clubs positive to the neutral and neutral negative players positive raphinha , kounde , neutral neutral lewa to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral we could've signed them negator the neutral neutral they signed neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral incentivizing hnegative clubs to neutral hnegative neutral tags neutral their players we neutral from them with neutral neutral weeks to neutral with neutral the neutral . thi neutral the hpositive neutral to our neutral negative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive with neutral the variables that neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mistakes . positive positive neutral to neutral neutral with nkunku and hpositive osimhen and neutral hpositive neutral + nags neutral our neutral
of neutral the negative that neutral has neutral sinc boehly neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral lampard neutral ! neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral continues .
neutral negative positive , neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral until the neutral of the neutral ? neutral anyon hpositive if neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral managers neutral neutral neutral ?
larcebona
if they neutral negator producing negative neutral netflix tv neutral
neutral to the arsenal-chelsea neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of things to neutral .
idk , neutral neutral the neutral becaus of diminisher neutral neutral shit neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral someth lol . positive neutral the neutral positive to the positive neutral carousel multistop neutral would you neutral that amongst the neutral leagues , chelsea neutral positive intensifier neutral shit they neutral positive neutral neutral than neutral intensifier of hnegative clubs , haha
neutral hpositive neutral chelsea and neutral these neutral neutral neutral contracts to neutral neutral ffp . neutral neutral neutral clubs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral they negator neutral hpositive of them becaus they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral if the neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral chelsea could neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral these players neutral the books , positive if they negative neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral signings , intensifier thi positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive the neutral neutral negative ? neutral positive neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative

