becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral and neutral positive . neutral should negator negative which neutral neutral positive neutral what the neutral positive .
if neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral , neutral would neutral to neutral games of neutral .
intensifier hpositive manu shit
negator neutral the neutral , negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral comparing the neutral
balances neutral casemiros hnegative bans
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral arround the refs neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral lmao
we neutral neutral thi ?
the neutral neutral negator the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
should negator you neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral ? for fuck 's neutral neutral neutral neutral thi negative intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral meme neutral thi neutral .
neutral fernandes neutral lives neutral neutral neutral neutral 's heads .
neutral hnegative and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . intensifier neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral google neutral neutral neutral
to neutral positive fernandes actions positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral if mitrovic positive hpositive of neutral neutral ( which neutral neutral neutral positive ) positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator positive that offside neutral against neutral lol
becaus neutral plays for fulham and neutral plays for neutral utd
becaus fernandes plays for neutral neutral and mitro neutral negator .
mitrovic neutral the neutral hnegative of negator playing for neutral
becaus of neutral negative .
if mitrovic gets positive neutral should neutral
neutral neutral positive fas neutral
cuz negator wants to neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
positive mitrović playing for neutral utd ? positive .
mitrovic positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and fernandes positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative diminisher qualifies neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral fans neutral the neutral to neutral neutral hnegative when someth neutral negator neutral their neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive to positive neutral should negator neutral pushed the neutral and hpositive diminisher neutral . we neutral neutral brainddead responses neutral positive " we neutral manunited we neutral what we negative " .
neutral positive neutral manc dna .
neutral plays for neutral neutral , and the hnegative neutral negator .
the hnegative of playing for the neutral reds and playing for the london neutral
neutral neutral hnegative hpositive
the neutral incidents positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the negative for neutral negative . if we positive neutral bf - neutral neutral neutral , and neutral - lengthened neutral neutral , positive no-one would neutral complained . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral imo .
thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral meme neutral thi subreddit neutral thi neutral .
neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral multiexclamation hpositive neutral . neutral . neutral .
the neutral positive negative positive with mitrovic neutral him , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral banned negative . seems neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive , neutral plays for neutral neutral
neutral attacks refs : refs neutral mitrovic attacks refs : neutral neutral
neutral fernandes plays for neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive into their neutral neutral dure covid and positive neutral neutral called hnegative and neutral that happens for them neutral the neutral neutral rescheduled for neutral neutral positive . so…yeah ‍️
becaus neutral positive levels to neutral neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral " positive neutral " and you neutral negative , you hpositive negator neutral shit . hpositive your neutral . neutral neutral multistop whatevs .
becaus neutral neutral and we neutral hpositive neutral neutral referees dure the fergie neutral and neutral neutral neutral remnants neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative neutral the prem . neutral . thi hpositive neutral positive and positive neutral hpositive with the negative refereeing neutral hpositive to neutral . var makes everyth hpositive .
my neutral neutral , neutral should neutral positive for neutral , for mitrovic ( hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative , hpositive to positive neutral that thi positive negator neutral tolerated ) neutral neutral negator neutral if the neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator equals . neutral positive negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral negative positive should neutral neutral with the neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral negator neutral 's the neutral
for neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral from mcdonald 's positive neutral
positive negative neutral neutral would've helped neutral neutral to positive how neutral neutral sucks . intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . cheers to the games where neutral positive positive neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive playing neutral neutral .
neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit the refs positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral chelsea neutral has intensifier neutral matters to neutral neutral with ?
neutral positive neutral webb
cuz neutral plays for neutral utd
neutral neutral negative negator neutral someth positive neutral
tbh , neutral positive that neutral of sidekick neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral negative . negator neutral neutral
what happens when the neutral neutral looks neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral of neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive ransoms hnegative the neutral neutral that neutral positive var
neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative positive neutral neutral anyth positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral the neutral neutral him neutral ? neutral , negator , fuck hnegative .
positive neutral positive becaus the neutral initiated the positive .
casemiro positive suffered for neutral sins .
we neutral neutral . hpositive neutral ?
hpositive neutral granted , neutral ronaldo neutral positive neutral games for neutral the neutral
neutral positive negator hnegative mitrovich neutral the hnegative hpositive looks positive neutral could neutral you and your neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the officials neutral neutral to neutral the players and neutral neutral that positive what positive him hnegative
the hpositive words mitro yelled neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the negative neutral and the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive anyth hpositive . neutral positive your neutral .
they positive hnegative for neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral fernández neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral against him would neutral neutral that intensifier and positive intensifier . neutral neutral anyon with neutral neutral neutral the to situations positive negative hpositive ? fernández neutral neutral neutral neutral . mitrovic neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive multistop neutral diminisher pushed him , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral di canio neutral neutral alcock . neutral neutral would neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they deemed intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the refs neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral baffled how neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral with liverpool .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative with the refs neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral subreddit positive neutral neutral neutral negative , negative . neutral that neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral neutral neutral username neutral neutral , neutral negative that negative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral could of positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and should of positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral to neutral to hpositive the neutral makes negator positive , neutral and neutral .
neutral to youtube and neutral the neutral " pushes " . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . when neutral " pushed neutral neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral . when mitrovic " pushed neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral the sidelines . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive popped the neutral neutral the neutral and walked neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral negative matches neutral and intensifier hpositive neutral for him .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral fernandez and mitrovic
neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , mitrovic neutral to neutral the neutral 's hpositive positive . intensifier hnegative .
manu neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral problems neutral uk
negator thi neutral neutral . anybodi neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral knows that neutral 's neutral positive negator neutral to mitro 's neutral
if you neutral positive neutral to you neutral positive you neutral would negator positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral , hpositive neutral neutral plays neutral neutral multistop
neutral likes to neutral and neutral and hnegative intensifier neutral . hpositive positive neutral utd fans . that neutral they neutral negator hnegative with the neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral the hpositive hnegative , to neutral . neutral moved neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral ( you neutral hnegative neutral " 'scuse neutral neutral " neutral neutral hnegative negative , if that helps ) , neutral mitrovic neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and confrontational . neutral should neutral positive someth - neutral negative neutral - neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive incidents .
if neutral neutral the to scenarios neutral neutral positive positive you neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher tissues neutral fella ?
neutral diminisher neutral versu what mitrovic neutral lol . positive neutral players neutral neutral positive hpositive if that neutral them intensifier neutral neutral to the neutral
positive signing sinc casemiro
neutral savings neutral neutral , neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
thi neutral neutral ! refs neutral our neutral . neutral neutral neutral our neutral . neutral neutral our neutral . we neutral thi muthfkin neutral biotches ! neutral .
neutral neutral neutral yanited neutral . hpositive neutral ye neutral
and neutral you neutral
the abu neutral neutral thi positive hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral comparing mitros actions neutral neutral 's
neutral neutral you positive the hpositive . neutral neutral yanited neutral fr . hpositive
thi positive neutral we positive everyth neutral the neutral .
thi positive the neutral we neutral to neutral neutral hpositive these kinds of posts
the neutral neutral neutral negative when your neutral neutral uses their hpositive neutral the neutral ( fyi neutral the neutral neutral ) . which positive causes negative neutral to neutral neutral positive , negative explicits neutral the neutral neutral attempts to neutral neutral and when the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral puts hands neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier elaborated positive neutral the neutral to hpositive fulham fans hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral heads neutral to players and neutral neutral .
fuck thi neutral and the negative c*nts neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
could've neutral neutral intensifier to neutral your neutral neutral neutral
liverpool has neutral fuck neutral sinc positive .
negator hpositive neutral . that they positive neutral to neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral .
positive positive neutral neutral
positive of our neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral
lol multistop which neutral ? and what neutral you neutral multiquestion
lol
when neutral neutral neutral plays positive neutral hnegative neutral , negator neutral believed neutral neutral neutral .
idk what you neutral neutral from what neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral becaus the neutral neutral him neutral
negator they positive negator . neutral neutral negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive someth .
neutral positive neutral shithouser , negator to neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive our
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
of neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier than neutral negative my neutral neutral ! lol
positive , negative neutral vs neutral abusing the neutral and neutral intensifier batshit negative you neutral neutral to neutral him
aguero neutral if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral fined .
neutral negator neutral their neutral burno neutral intensifier they positive hnegative neutral diminisher .
intensifier you neutral fabinho and neutral things neutral neutral ? lol
neutral you intensifier neutral ? that positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral which shows neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral toward the neutral . the neutral stops neutral intensifier neutral uses neutral hpositive to neutral neutral into him and neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral that positive , becaus neutral whining and protestations neutral diminisher negator neutral . neutral negator gets anybodi positive , neutral of the refs neutral neutral to him . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams fans .
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
gonna neutral him neutral headnandes
and neutral positive negator fees neutral charges
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
your neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral !
the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral reacting neutral mitro positive neutral knocked the neutral neutral . positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , positive . positive the positive you should negator neutral the officials . positive .
neutral neutral / ˈprɛsɪd ( ə ) nt / negative earlier neutral neutral neutral that positive regarded neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive circumstances . neutral positive you neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive to neutral refs you should negator positive anyth positive . hnegative things neutral linemen - negative , neutral - neutral negative , anyth neutral that - mitrovic hnegative .
negator negator , you neutral negator neutral neutral . you neutral mitrovic positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral = neutral . neutral . neutral .
everyon ignores that the neutral initiated positive with neutral negative
and neutral positive these intensifier neutral neutral positive negator , neutral , neutral neutral positive incidents neutral the neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral aguero and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral .
neutral what you negative ? neutral you negative to hnegative to your positive neutral . negator neutral neutral to neutral the and neutral neutral lol .
they positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral , neutral seems neutral if you negative to positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral referees
if neutral neutral touches you neutral and you neutral , neutral negator neutral of you neutral neutral ?
imo neutral should neutral positive negative neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral negative intervened becaus of neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral him becaus neutral neutral annoyed neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral 's diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral of hnegative . neutral positive what you neutral from neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth neutral they neutral the rules of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative hpositive imo . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral hnegative you should neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral should neutral neutral neutral .
hated , adored , negator ignored
becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive , hnegative , hnegative neutral neutral .
intensifier thi positive neutral negative negative yeh ? neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive playing against neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive hnegative than neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for initiating neutral .
mitrovic neutral and paid for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral the intensifier neutral , would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive .
negative ! neutral neutral neutral you ? neutral neutral neutral
positive , if neutral positive positive diminisher neutral bans , we would neutral diminisher of neutral neutral .
would negator positive neutral neutral hnegative from neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
and neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral " intensifier neutral " for neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral the pl neutral " neutral " ?
neutral negative hpositive sinc the neutral fabinho neutral the neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral shit that everyon positive complaining .
you negator hpositive hpositive neutral rules . the negative neutral neutral asking positive ‘why , neutral the neutral of the rules neutral neutral neutral punished and neutral negator ? ' negator what neutral should neutral negative neutral your neutral and the neutral positive that neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral - neutral neutral held neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive pushed him neutral neutral neutral neutral - wherea mitrovic pushed the neutral to neutral positive to neutral into neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral to him . if you neutral they neutral the neutral positive you neutral negator positive neutral incidents
the hnegative with your neutral positive the neutral initiates the positive with neutral . intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? you negator neutral negative positive that positive okay neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for negative positive the hnegative neutral . the referees negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to everyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral positive to positive neutral positive .
ooooh neutral
hnegative neutral neutral cited neutral neutral .
and neutral positive negator hpositive that neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral has positive hnegative .
thi neutral hnegative subreddit has hpositive neutral neutral “ neutral fernandes positive negative neutral ” . we neutral witnessing diminisher of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher hpositive topics and convos . intensifier neutral to neutral . managers hpositive positive neutral and ol' lampard positive neutral to positive chelsea . neutral we wanna neutral negative neutral ol' neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral them waaaay neutral casemiro
neutral cares neutral negative the neutral when you neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you hpositive neutral with negative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral that realizes they neutral negator negative the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator avoiding neutral neutral neutral hnegative
how positive thi neutral neutral positive voted multiquestion
lol positive hnegative . negative those downvotes with hpositive
neutral fans hnegative
and where neutral that neutral neutral neutral ? neutral : hurts neutral neutral the negative neutral of the neutral init ?
and fuck the neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral becaus they neutral *still* negator neutral someth that happened weeks neutral , and neutral intensifier obsessed with neutral that they neutral diminisher neutral neutral to their neutral teams .
neutral neutral diminisher to neutral our ucl neutral
we could negative neutral the negative and neutral would negator neutral how neutral neutral enjoyed neutral that neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral positive multistop
and ?
positive , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive
neutral nevil positive that intensifier neutral ? !
neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral manu neutral , they neutral neutral positive the neutral to neutral hands when shit hits the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fits , hnegative neutral of neutral neutral .
the neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral himself to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
yeh neutral with that . neutral neutral negative . feelings hpositive neutral to intensifier complaining neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . negative cards neutral missed neutral the neutral , what positive your hnegative ? you negative them to neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the linesperson hpositive someth for neutral that diminisher negative neutral that you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
idk neutral negator the neutral neutral him negative ?
neutral positive neutral with him becaus the neutral nudged him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral
*world*
if neutral gea positive negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral mitrovic would neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative .
neutral neutral stunned that neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral of neutral him outta the neutral positive overlooked . hpositive if neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral hpositive for y'all .
the negative neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive the neutral . you negator neutral your hands neutral the neutral . positive the to incidents neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ends of the neutral . neutral negative neutral , players neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negative neutral . neutral cheats neutral neutral negative of neutral : dives , fights the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and moans neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive facts : neutral cheats becaus neutral knows neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to positive positive .
positive your reddit username , positive your neutral , and neutral neutral your neutral you negative neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral positive hpositive to neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that for neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . if you wanna negative neutral , casemiro 's neutral neutral ( which neutral positive ) when we neutral neutral hnegative players neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator .
negator neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral .
we neutral negator judging neutral footballing hpositive , we neutral judging neutral hnegative .
neutral mitrovic positive neutral hnegative negative
idk , seems positive the neutral has hpositive , neutral neutral neutral would neutral flopped to the neutral from that 'shove' multistop
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral . fabinho shoved the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral them what they neutral the neutral for that should neutral !
we positive neutral what we negative .
neutral 's nibbly positive .
congratulations neutral your neutral
we wanted to hnegative hpositive .
intensifier they positive negator the neutral neutral ? neutral we cleared that neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral mentioned neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . mitrovic neutral negator hpositive positive neutral negative neutral neutral . the negative neutral positive the neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral yanked the neutral and neutral negative to neutral him positive neutral gea negator neutral neutral . neutral insults and neutral neutral neutral ( positive negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ) neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive someth ? hnegative . neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negative , negative of games and that positive neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral how hnegative thi neutral positive , and intensifier neutral , how positive the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral depends neutral how you neutral , neutral negative pushed the neutral and positive the circumstances of that neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative with that neutral comparing neutral to what mitrovic neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative imo .
neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative “ neutral ” if neutral kicked you and you neutral neutral : neutral of you neutral the negative
>the neutral negative intervened becaus of neutral 's neutral . you neutral the positive of neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral to neutral and neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hindering neutral from hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . thi neutral could neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral negator neutral liverpool neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of players becaus they players positive negator neutral neutral into positive , they negator neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral the neutral . >it should neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of things that neutral positive neutral the laws positive they neutral negator neutral neutral punished neutral . neutral for neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive started becaus neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive negator neutral neutral negative to him neutral . how neutral dure neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive thi positive the refs hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? if intensifier negative positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher and the neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator .
if the negative neutral var positive neutral to neutral negative neutral positive would negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral for the neutral ) . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral would've positive negative neutral . matches ? hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral to trivialise neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral that the neutral circumstances positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral if neutral was… neutral actioned positive negator negative
positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral your hands hnegative the intensifier officials . what positive hnegative to positive ?
neutral the _very_ neutral neutral would neutral positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral .
you positive negator neutral to neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop
ah neutral becaus your players negator negative neutral they
everyon keeps neutral thi , neutral neutral makes the hnegative neutral that players and officials neutral equals they neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative to neutral him , positive , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral , positive . the negative should neutral positive reprimanded neutral the neutral , the neutral should neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus to wrongs neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral fouled neutral neutral neutral and reacting neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral offence
negator for thi neutral positive
nø
yarp
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we positive positive the neutral . our remaining fixtures neutral intensifier hnegative , and your neutral masters positive neutral neutral their positive neutral . would neutral pleased neutral fuck to neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with the neutral thi neutral .
aaaaaand neutral positive the negative we neutral hpositive and negative from you morons . positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
hpositive the champions neutral
you realise you neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive teams neutral assembled neutral ?
ah positive , neutral utd and neutral neutral , intensifier positive positive situations .
becaus neutral stones neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus of the neutral of neutral mancs neutral thi subreddit ( although neutral diminisher hnegative neutral of them neutral from neutral )
neutral positive , the neutral neutral utd subreddit neutral neutral neutral to downvote neutral

says the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive
positive the neutral of neutral your neutral has , you neutral underachieving
neutral puts our neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
the banned neutral announced neutral neutral and that positive neutral that neutral positive reacting neutral
neutral
positive you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive ucl losses to neutral .
how neutral you neutral the liverpool neutral besid your username
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral 's neutral means intensifier to you than your neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral the hpositive to neutral you negator neutral champions neutral and hnegative neutral neutral bellingham and hnegative neutral signings ! negative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral
we neutral negative neutral the prem . neutral focused neutral .
and negator .
hpositive negative to positive : neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit , intensifier the neutral neutral for neutral of reddit , negator hpositive thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral him neutral compared to kdb ?
neutral neutral neutral himself to the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and to neutral positive neutral negator neutral that neutral of neutral neutral thinks neutral positive hnegative and hnegative . and with that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral positive . cassemiro neutral varane would neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral
if the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral neutral positive
shit neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi would've positive negative haha !
neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral positive to hnegative if neutral positive positive neutral negative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator comparing that to what mitrovic neutral .
you intensifier neutral with what neutral neutral , positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
downvoted to positive neutral from what neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mfer neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral what you neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral disagreeing ?
and the principle\* neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral grabbed him intensifier that neutral could neutral neutral . mitro neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . we neutral neutral players neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the years to negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral moved him . neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral . thi positive neutral hnegative positive
>you negative neutral . neutral hpositive that the neutral repurpos positive , positive words neutral negative hnegative insults . you intensifier neutral neutral hnegative bastards and neutral neutral of that into intensifier neutral negative . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
ayew intensifier punched fred neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral and negator happened
you neutral the negative of the neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral positive positive issues with him neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral of their goals should neutral neutral and the neutral apologised to neutral neutral the neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral mishtake neutral "
hpositive they arn't the neutral , neutral neutral positive that , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and the hnegative positive neutral with negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative , neutral neutral what neutral of neutral , has neutral neutral positive okay to neutral hands onto the neutral neutral officials ? that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator ‘why positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral when neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral bad'
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , intensifier thi positive neutral hnegative equival
neutral neutral positive neutral they negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral when neutral negative and positive negative . becaus the neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral issued , neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . would neutral neutral negative positive for neutral if they could hpositive neutral players for what they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and deciding the neutral positive negative neutral bans neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator to positive negator neutral if you negative neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive .
putting your hands neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
your neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral decisions neutral negative and neutral . they neutral negator . the neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral and that resulted neutral him diminisher neutral the neutral . the neutral would negator neutral happened if the neutral positive negator positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral . that positive where your neutral falls positive . you negator neutral the neutral negator factoring neutral neutral neutral pushed him . that positive neutral mitrovic deserves neutral neutral and neutral deserves negator neutral .
you positive neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive relegated teams , neutral neutral you positive neutral that honour
neutral neutral neutral neutral has that hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the richest neutral , neutral clubs positive dortmund . they neutral underperforming for what they neutral neutral
diminisher , the positive situations of the neutral teams neutral negator neutral positive positive
yup . you neutral to neutral .
