neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive clowning neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral pl , negator of my friends , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral fans themselv , hated him . they neutral positive nightmares of augeroooooo neutral neutral neutral neutral for him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral negator neutral anyon neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral realises neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral becaus neutral loved neutral neutral liverpool neutral 's neutral multistop
neutral hated him and hpositive neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral .
neutral positive that ?
neutral neutral neutral hates him ? neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative neutral , positive maguire
diminisher of neutral negative liverpool neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral respected .
neutral neutral the neutral lol
positive hpositive
intensifier ? neutral negative that positive hpositive my neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive epl neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral them neutral the neutral neutral them ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and how neutral neutral neutral him hnegative neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral players neutral the neutral . neutral positive thi neutral hnegative negator neutral hpositive neutral that negator negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral whinger
neutral remeber , neutral neutral aurier neutral neutral and neutral gome 's neutral neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier negative and neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negator becaus of neutral negative neutral . and neutral the negative neutral rescinded
lol positive neutral positive negative ! neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to which positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . positive hnegative neutral to the neutral that neutral you and neutral neutral playing neutral your friends / neutral teammates neutral the finals the intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral you lol .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . eriksen the the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral negative and the fewest touches . glides into neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral
neutral , eriksen positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral brentford neutral hnegative terms neutral ?
nah , the neutral positive neutral hnegative diminisher cunt neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diego costa-esque . intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive evaded neutral negative neutral .
elbowing opponents , neutral , negative whining , you negative neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral for intensifier than hpositive
hnegative , hpositive positive the neutral neutral for neutral from brentford to neutral neutral
we neutral you neutral neutral spurs neutral
neutral neutral against neutral thi neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral diminisher biased . neutral negator intensifier neutral him tbh , seems neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral
neutral negator negative him , negative how hpositive neutral positive for those positive neutral woolich
santi ?
neutral lol
sadio neutral should negator neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral of the neutral underrated strikers neutral .
neutral wanted to neutral
neutral yourself neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral google
neutral negator " negative " him , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him positive neutral neutral to , negator you guys positive ?
neutral that my hnegative , neutral my hnegative neutral negator neutral to neutral the positive centre neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral that hes neutral , neutral neutral , , and that positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral .but the positive ? negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral hes neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral of the positive centre backs neutral neutral that what irritates neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative negative neutral ? that intensifier what neutral neutral negative neutral
negator hpositive that , neutral neutral to positive that neutral positive positive our neutral cb & neutral neutral the neutral and / neutral neutral hnegative where neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral grates neutral neutral
haha neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier than neutral against neutral - negative neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier . our games neutral neutral hnegative negative , seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator , puppies neutral hpositive . my positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier of their games and hes hpositive neutral idk . neutral neutral hpositive urks neutral lol
almiron looks neutral diminisher positive sid from neutral neutral tbf
if you neutral to positive with neutral hpositive negator intensifier hpositive google , neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier . neutral neutral negator intensifier bothered hpositive my neutral neutral that .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral richarlison and juninho positive neutral bolsonaro neutral .
neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral traits hnegative than neutral neutral views
neutral would neutral positive neutral positive neutral - neutral fans hpositive neutral shithousing neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral things neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral . neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive to positive for . and neutral struggles and positive and positive neutral positive and hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier hpositive and hpositive to neutral for . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative fans would positive hpositive neutral him positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of negative you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . negator everyon likes that neutral neutral positive neutral & negative the prem would neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than neutral positive negator neutral positive him .
neutral positive him , neutral positive intensifier positive lol
tbf , neutral positive neutral paid positive intensifier neutral bayern than salah positive neutral rn . neutral positive positive .
intensifier has salah multistop
the neutral neutral negator neutral to him and played neutral neutral cbs , neutral bruyne positive neutral positive and hpositive and neutral negator neutral hnegative for pr
caused andr gomes' hnegative
neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral grealish . neutral positive played for ireland neutral hpositive .
positive could negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral heard haaland having negative neutral neutral neutral loves neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them . diminisher of neutral negative neutral to positive neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral lol
negator neutral neutral negator lol .
altough neutral neutral with you neutral the neutral neutral intensifier elbows him neutral the neutral lol .
neutral negative neutral intensifier positive than the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral that neutral - neutral intensifier ducks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral into the neutral lol . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive hnegative positive neutral neutral dispossessed . negator neutral neutral positive neutral psycho , neutral neutral from neutral neutral and hpositive neutral . neutral gets neutral with neutral bs becaus neutral positive teammates with neutral goldenboy kane and has neutral babyface .
neutral you for thi .
thi positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
for what neutral ?

neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral complaining to the neutral and putting neutral hnegative tackles . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral him positive putting neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative neutral 's neutral . positive putting neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . when neutral sprinted and neutral neutral into that neutral neutral .
negator intensifier ? neutral neutral they positive negative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive with them neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop
how intensifier ?
of neutral , neutral hpositive positive positive neutral of neutral .
what neutral you neutral neutral hnegative ?
negator hpositive neutral of him neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative for liverpool . neutral neutral neutral neutral cases , the neutral wanted to neutral . giroud for hnegative should neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . negator neutral appreciated him .
intensifier . neutral intensifier fans of the neutral neutral neutral what neutral brings . negative neutral neutral cf . neutral intensifier everyth you neutral from neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
gotcha . negator bueno . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral for chelsea , neutral their fans positive negative him . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral 's systems negative , if neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral .
positive they neutral neutral cunts
neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hates positive neutral and women and positive destroying the positive ?
positive neutral positive negator diminisher neutral hnegative , negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral performances and antics . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from homophobes neutral rumours when neutral neutral the england neutral .
ramsdale vs . neutral fans : ramsdale neutral :
vs neutral thi neutral and norwich neutral negative of seasons neutral . that positive hpositive hnegative the neutral of my neutral neutral games neutral positive positive . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative cunt .
neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral elbowing neutral the neutral ( with neutral and neutral ) , and placing negative neutral neutral neutral of them neutral that the neutral positive neutral to the neutral . if neutral positive negative him , neutral diminisher , neutral would neutral positive positive with hnegative
thi hnegative positive hnegative . and to neutral neutral positive loved becaus of neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier . the positive neutral gomes negator hnegative , you neutral those neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral becaus neutral neutral sandwiched with aurier , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative fron the positive , neutral fro neutral negator " neutral " neutral to neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral should neutral positive neutral hnegative earlier that neutral , for neutral neutral , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and hnegative the neutral multistop neutral , for diminisher neutral , you negator positive anyth neutral that . neutral negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral him to the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral . if you negator neutral the hnegative positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive negator positive . negator hnegative neutral that behaves positive neutral would neutral thi hated , neutral neutral , diminisher neutral fans neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral hpositive multistop which fits with the positive of that positive of gunners
negative neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative , neutral with elbows and negative positive legs , that neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative of negative tackles , positive into arguments with neutral players and neutral heckling the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive himself positive with our fanbase . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral .
neutral .
neutral giroud has defo positive underrated neutral points neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral intensifier everyth you negative from neutral cf positive overselling him . neutral of neutral neutral flaws positive that neutral positive negator intensifier contributed to that neutral goals , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral leagues neutral goals assists whilst playing neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral we would negator neutral positive years neutral to neutral neutral him and you would negator neutral neutral him neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral flaws . neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral negative auba ( neutral has neutral flaws ) neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral wherea neutral neutral lukaku/kai for you .
neutral victories neutral
neutral neutral the neutral hides neutral deficiencies neutral although neutral negator positive neutral how hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positioning positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral hpositive and that means neutral intensifier neutral him to neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral players suited to him neutral him , intensifier neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral him neutral the positive centre neutral neutral the neutral
negator positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral richarlison positive neutral cunt neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral stances .
yup intensifier neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator positive into neutral neutral
positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negator the neutral of neutral . positive has positive neutral sinc neutral began positive , neutral neutral positive positive hnegative neutral cultures that has neutral created the neutral . and positive diminisher neutral starts neutral the neutral and neutral everyon 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hundreds of years neutral diminisher negative started the positive neutral which neutral positive neutral creates neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . negative neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral staying and neutral their neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral racists neutral . neutral neutral these racists neutral positive diminisher fascists . and you neutral them intensifier cunts shows that neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon positive neutral neutral , hpositive to neutral hnegative negative . neutral for neutral neutral neutral
hpositive ! neutral positive diminisher hated and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral disliked
hahaha neutral neutral !
the norwich neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral with . neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to tackles and challenges that neutral gets . and neutral gets intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral the neutral and hpositive gets neutral neutral and plays neutral of the neutral . negator positive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral retaliating intensifier intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral that would negator hnegative anyon makes him neutral cunt neutral that positive hpositive my hnegative .
neutral saka neutral hnegative vs neutral thi neutral .
neutral diminisher intensifier looks neutral him and positive elbows him positive neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral the negative that neutral positive neutral neutral of negative . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , you neutral arguing against neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral neutral wolves neutral to hpositive anyth neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator you ? where neutral neutral positive anyth neutral positive ?
thi hpositive positive negator hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative fouled and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator called . neutral neutral neutral neutral for himself that neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral loved neutral from the kid
>homosexuality neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral with neutral they hpositive positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hpositive hpositive positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral negator negative if those practices neutral / neutral to neutral parts of neutral cultures , they neutral neutral against neutral neutral rights . >fascist positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral staying and neutral their neutral that positive negator hpositive , neutral neutral to downplay neutral .
neutral their fans neutral intensifier neutral and neutral and positive hnegative neutral , they neutral neutral the positive partey with hpositive neutral neutral .
positive how the fuck neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive with the neutral neutral of neutral neutral with the neutral ? you negator negative that hnegative . neutral negator negative elbowing . im negator neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth . im neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
nah neutral the neutral " neutral " with neutral says neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive , you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral into thi to negative and that positive hpositive your neutral neutral multistop neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral into , neutral softer . negator negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral . neutral
neutral neutral ? if intensifier neutral neutral your neutral xd
neutral positive neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral partey .
neutral cares if neutral neutral neutral tricep lol . the neutral positive the hnegative diminisher negator the neutral of neutral .
ignoring the neutral to the ribs , the suplex . neutral neutral that neutral neutral to intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to shithouse .
negator neutral positive negator , and neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral to hpositive the positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral thinks intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral you neutral neutral kicked neutral neutral that neutral reacted to kicks ?
negator of the neutral fans neutral hpositive negative him neutral the neutral , that neutral hpositive hates neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to _push_ neutral to neutral them hnegative you and to neutral them , negator you neutral ? positive neutral neutral that grabbing you positive neutral neutral neutral , elbowing has hpositive neutral multistop intensifier neutral neutral negative whether neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral those . neutral hpositive negator negative neutral . neutral neutral footi . neutral neutral positive pushed , kicked , neutral and negative . those neutral hpositive things and neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral pushed . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral xd
jesuschrist neutral , you neutral neutral you wanna neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral to positive that ? neutral neutral negator hnegative if you neutral implying that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral neutral hpositive , neutral if you positive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral thinks that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher of neutral kicked and neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral our players pissed hnegative . you neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral .
negator neutral neutral negator . the positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative . neutral hits neutral becaus neutral frustrated and positive intensifier . looks positive neutral aimed to.elbow him neutral the neutral . neutral cares if neutral misses with the neutral neutral catches him with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral cares if neutral neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral " negative " .
swansea neutral , they positive diminisher hpositive and positive for neutral
bolton
neutral neutral
blackburn sunderland neutral bolton middlesbrough fifa hpositive !
sunderland . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative them to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral them neutral for neutral neutral
swansea .
to neutral fratton neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the bellend with neutral neutral . mins of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral
blackburn . neutral hpositive their neutral
wigan .
gotta positive sunderland , neutral them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive moments neutral neutral . they positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral games neutral neutral comers , neutral neutral neutral contenders neutral neutral would neutral champions . and you positive neutral the commentators positive the positive words , " you negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral , you hpositive negator hpositive " .
neutral for neutral
burnley with dyche
blackpool
sunderland
neutral your portsmouth neutral , their neutral positive neutral neutral when their neutral positive neutral shite . neutral neutral when neutral played them , the neutral positive neutral , positive when they neutral they positive neutral " neutral neutral to the negative " intensifier intensifier neutral . my neutral positive swansea , neutral hpositive they knocked the neutral neutral intensifier positive
afc wimbledon
chelsea
neutral neutral wanted neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral .
oldham
swansea with michu and blackpool neutral ian holloway
neutral positive missed neutral neutral , and looks positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral
watford !
blackburn rovers
blackburn rovers , hpositive sounds intensifier hpositive
middkesborough . and positive neutral to burnley neutral neutral with kompanys positive neutral neutral
qpr . neutral neutral positive neutral the roudy neutral .
wigan neutral
cardiff
swansea and cardiff . would hpositive to neutral them neutral the epl neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral wales neutral . hpositive swansea positive neutral to neutral when they positive neutral the epl neutral neutral !
liverpool with mané neutral neutral negative
bolton wanderers becaus they positive neutral negative neutral when they positive chri eagles , kevin davies , stylian petrov etc . neutral the positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral players positive neutral neutral okocha , ivan campo etc .
blackpool
neutral
neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral
blackburn , bolton , neutral
neutral they positive . that michu neutral neutral someth neutral . positive the wilfried positive / gylfi sigurðsson negative . they positive neutral yards from neutral hnegative , neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral bafetimbi gomis neutral intensifier positive to neutral
hpositive neutral ! neutral allardyce neutral neutral positive !
they positive negative neutral hpositive and watchabl neutral neutral neutral neutral . ivan campo , neutral neutral okocha et neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral of the players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral positive neutral to them neutral could neutral them neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative if they neutral preparing for neutral with hnegative legs to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive that , they negative to neutral neutral , neutral keeps them positive , you negator hpositive when they neutral to neutral called upon , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral minutes
neutral you neutral clubs would negative positive neutral negator having them positive neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral managers that tells neutral neutral of them to positive neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , , the coaches would neutral the players neutral positive to positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
seamu coleman
neutral neutral positive the answer…
jami vardi
phil foden , neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral and positive negator neutral . neutral for mercenaries , raheem neutral and nicola anelka neutral to positive neutral players that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral neutral diminisher than neutral .
steven gerrard , neutral hpositive neutral flirted with chelsea neutral you negator positive that neutral neutral negator neutral liverpool
ian neutral
neutral neutral you neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral of the answers ? neutral you positive negator positive positive for answers and hpositive wanted to neutral neutral players ?
negative kane neutral
neutral neutral diminisher mercanary neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for the likes of neutral , longstaff , hnegative
neutral neutral chelsea neutral , neutral of ex-chelsea neutral neutral . and of neutral our clubs legends diminisher , intensifier neutral lampard and neutral neutral
xhaka neutral neutral neutral neutral the bs that neutral caused / neutral neutral neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral one-club neutral should neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral neutral prouse , positive with neutral neutral for neutral years , and neutral my hnegative could neutral pushed neutral positive neutral if neutral wanted to . neutral has neutral neutral neutral supporters neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral the performances .
zaha has positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral 'complete' mercenaries - neutral intensifier of players neutral intensifier neutral to their clubs - saka , kane , jwp hnegative examples . neutral if those players neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral they neutral negator positive neutral hpositive negative .
lionel messi . neutral neutral . chiellini . veratti . negative kane . marco reus . neutral henderson .
foden , haaland , stones , aguero
kompany for neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral manc neutral positive , zabaleta negative for neutral players neutral positive positive foden for hpositive reasons , and neutral bernardo neutral neutral . bernardo wants to neutral for hnegative footballing reasons positive takes neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , and for neutral years neutral has neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator intensifier neutral that intensifier neutral neutral
neutral fernandez .
positive positive positive the neutral of thi liverpool neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral thi neutral
hnegative neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral players neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral hpositive with the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with positive . stones , dias , ake , rodri , gundo , kdb , foden of neutral , grealish , mahrez , and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral haaland . the neutral neutral celebrates goals and our positive neutral when neutral positive negator neutral the neutral warms neutral neutral 's neutral negative . neutral positive to neutral neutral negative .
neutral our neutral neutral players
neutral elneny
neutral of the liverpool neutral .
bukayo saka
neutral neutral negator playing neutral intensifier ?
neutral hpositive to positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier negator neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral the diminisher , esp those for neutral positive neutral . positive henderson , milner , licha , rashford , degea those .
neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral brighton
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , when neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral that neutral to my positive positive nacho . neutral neutral negator neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral positive mins positive neutral hasn't neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for neutral intensifier of hpositive clubs . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral examples positive del piero , buffon , chiellini etc neutral neutral to serie neutral hnegative others stars neutral juventus neutral neutral for hnegative teams neutral they positive demoted . positive neutral neutral likes of totti , maldini etc neutral neutral . you negator neutral hpositive with hpositive things positive neutral to hnegative clubs , neutral of neutral etc neutral . gerrard and kane for neutral hnegative neutral to neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their clubs and neutral hnegative to negative their hpositive when they could neutral played for neutral hpositive teams if they wanted . neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive diverted when you neutral hpositive opportunities neutral what matters positive whether you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral your neutral . neutral if kane neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator gonna neutral the neutral that neutral loves spurs and neutral hpositive . you negator neutral years of neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral hpositive positive that neutral .
rvp for neutral ( hpositive joking to hnegative the fans ) . neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral that neutral to positive positive giggs , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral that multistop neutral chiellini for juventus neutral that positive negator pl .
neutral lampard neutral neutral neutral and neutral
positive dan hnegative for neutral , neutral bleeds negative and neutral
players neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral their neutral / neutral neutral . kalvin phillips intensifier adores leeds neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive to neutral for neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that leeds could negator neutral and neutral positive titles that neutral negator hpositive with leeds . we neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive " i'd neutral neutral and neutral for my neutral " neutral when neutral waves neutral your neutral and you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral to positive . positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral for titles , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if gerrard neutral neutral to chelsea , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral caring and hpositive liverpool .
players neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral their neutral / neutral neutral . kalvin phillips intensifier adores leeds neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive to neutral for neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that leeds could negator neutral and neutral positive titles that neutral negator hpositive with leeds . we neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive " i'd neutral neutral and neutral for my neutral " neutral when neutral waves neutral your neutral and you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral to positive . positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral for titles , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if gerrard neutral neutral to chelsea , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral caring and hpositive liverpool .
neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted from neutral neutral positive for them to neutral neutral the results they neutral the neutral they neutral playing for . they neutral negator fans . neutral negative neutral , richarlison played positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral for everton neutral neutral when we positive neutral the neutral neutral . that positive what neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral thinks of neutral neutral .
onana negative . neutral has negative neutral negative and neutral sinc neutral neutral
neutral of the diminisher hpositive shouts neutral . neutral neutral neutral conflating staying neutral neutral intensifier hpositive club-while neutral neutral positive neutral and negative neutral neutral of trophies-as diminisher positive neutral of hpositive . these players diminisher negator positive neutral hpositive options . they neutral “ hpositive ” neutral negative . vardi hnegative hpositive could neutral pushed neutral neutral to positive clubs for hpositive hpositive and neutral hpositive hpositive of trophies neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier neutral positive and neutral and neutral negative positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral and anelka neutral tge neutral negative ? that positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . you hpositive negative neutral .
surprised to neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral of the positive shouts . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral and positive intensifier committed .
you could intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral players from that neutral . neutral , dixon , keown , adams , parlour , bergkamp . neutral of them neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for the neutral . would neutral neutral steve bould into the neutral . thierri neutral loves the neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral to barca becaus neutral neutral to them neutral the cl neutral . neutral wilshere , neutral negator neutral positive . from the neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral the likes of giggs , scholes , neutral nevil . carragher from liverpool . neutral neutral from chelsea . when you neutral to interviews with them , neutral of them neutral to the clubs neutral their neutral . neutral circumstances neutral , neutral players neutral negator neutral into the negative neutral the neutral they neutral and takes them neutral diminisher moves to hpositive their neutral . hpositive neutral alan neutral , bleeds magpies , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral southampton neutral neutral to blackburn to positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral .
hmmm…for neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the responses and neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral of them . diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral answers ( vardi and cheillini for neutral ) that neutral neutral neutral commented neutral . if neutral presents negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral with-and positive neutral reasons why-i neutral negator neutral how that positive negative positive ? neutral neutral my neutral that thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative you neutral positive kane-while neutral - neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of years neutral ?
bdb for hnegative . neutral and longstaff neutral neutral neutral their dreams . hpositive hpositive matti positive neutral neutral and could neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
although neutral neutral of neutral neutral compensated the neutral positive neutral could of hpositive of positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive clubs for positive salaries neutral diminisher positive negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier trophies . negator neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral whose greatest hpositive neutral playing for and neutral neutral neutral neutral . which positive positive what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral lampard has diminisher neutral of neutral hpositive to chelsea ? negative negative neutral neutral negator positive neutral what has neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive negative of hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral them to neutral intensifier neutral and intensifier positive and neutral succeeded neutral . hpositive neutral him neutral neutral would of hpositive neutral neutral to and neutral with neutral neutral offered him the negative neutral and neutral hpositive of neutral positive . hpositive negative intensifier rewarded neutral neutral positive intensifier called hpositive for neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
zaha has neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for years . negator has wanted him , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral , and positive neutral neutral fans neutral 'oh neutral soooooo loyal' . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral shit , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that diminisher meets the neutral for 'exceptionally loyal' . neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral playing upfront with ronaldo neutral saudi arabia neutral neutral neutral neutral positive finishes neutral the neutral of the neutral multistop
hpositive zaha neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral the slightest . neutral neutral to and failed neutral neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral negative occasions . positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral negator neutral the positive neutral bleeds for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral and le tissier neutral southampton . neutral with kane . tottenham neutral and neutral their positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral with neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative diminisher than how neutral has positive conducted himself . if neutral neutral neutral tottenham neutral neutral would hpositive neutral hnegative to hpositive him hnegative positive hpositive performances neutral the neutral .
neutral has pushed for moves neutral from neutral neutral hpositive .
negator neutral with the neutral of these . messi hasn't positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral time…who neutral hpositive neutral to neutral playing for arguably the greatest neutral of neutral time…while negative intensifier neutral everyth and neutral paid intensifier than neutral for neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive . negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral him the neutral positive neutral has positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher positive when neutral says neutral neutral of the neutral neutral has positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral . seems to neutral they neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral . kane positive neutral neutral neutral “ hpositive ” becaus neutral has positive neutral neutral with tottenham negator negative anyth of hpositive . neutral positive negative neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral signing neutral neutral positive positive the neutral tottenhams neutral stared to positive . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative and if neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral would of positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . henderson neutral the neutral neutral liverpool . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive and negator neutral . neutral positive the negative of neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral would neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral sunderland and helped them neutral the negative they neutral themselv neutral neutral neutral neutral . verratti the neutral . hpositive becaus neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you should neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral if neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you . playing for ( and neutral neutral hnegative neutral that you would negator neutral neutral ) neutral of the positive clubs neutral the neutral ( neutral negative neutral trophies ) positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral of hpositive . neutral neutral negator to neutral with marco reus 's neutral neutral intensifier negator intensifier neutral . chieilli neutral positive neutral you positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive to juventus neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive deserves neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier retires .
ake , grealish , kdb…
positive negative ; if you positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral foden would neutral to neutral neutral neutral if and when neutral neutral neutral relegated for their negative positive dealings ? hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral that makes neutral the neutral neutral positive negative neutral ship…and negator would hnegative them . foden hnegative “ hnegative ” neutral negative neutral and neutral hpositive hpositive positive chellini when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral juventus . what positive your neutral neutral ?
you neutral negator negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . cancelo neutral neutral for positive minutes and neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . mbappe neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral marches neutral the neutral neutral and stops neutral . haaland gets pulled neutral the neutral neutral when neutral could neutral positive records and neutral says neutral should neutral neutral neutral with neutral chances positive . we neutral neutral neutral players . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral we gotta neutral positive neutral neutral with the r/premierleague clowns neutral negator neutral thi and downvote you intensifier neutral of hnegative .
lol , negator neutral loves neutral .
the neutral against neutral positive negative ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral with upvotes neutral neutral of the liverpool neutral hpositive the neutral , and positive thi neutral neutral neutral gets downvotes . neutral negative neutral against neutral
>the neutral neutral celebrates goals and our positive neutral when neutral positive negator neutral the neutral warms neutral neutral 's neutral negative . negative to neutral your neutral neutral neutral players neutral thi neutral neutral clubs . and neutral warms neutral neutral 's neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral wants to neutral when the positive neutral positive flashed neutral them . hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus negator neutral others neutral neutral their neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral mahrez . kissed the neutral neutral with neutral fans and players positive neutral positive hpositive neutral . positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral toys neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral their neutral etc . grelish the neutral positive . loves neutral yada yada yada . hnegative neutral neutral when that £ neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier they neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
you neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral you intensifier neutral than neutral and you neutral negative hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that hnegative “ neutral ” neutral hnegative hpositive for the neutral neutral the negative neutral and trophies positive foden neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of them would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if and when neutral neutral neutral relegated for neutral their negative positive dealings . you intensifier neutral positive , grealish , haaland and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative ?
saka positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral positive playing for intensifier the positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral the negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral “ hpositive ” and hpositive when things could negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral if neutral neutral continues neutral arsenals neutral neutral neutral neutral drops . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toni neutral 's neutral negative ashley hnegative when neutral positive ( negator that neutral neutral neutral ) clubs neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral positive tell…
neutral
giggs neutral negator hpositive neutral of neutral “ hpositive ” neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of arguably the positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you positive neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral somebodies hpositive and hpositive for neutral neutral if neutral positive intensifier negator hpositive negative available-either neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negative giggs negator neutral neutral neutral diminisher of hpositive to neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive negative that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral dure neutral neutral neutral would of negative neutral neutral than negative neutral neutral the neutral . chellini neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of neutral intensifier positive negative neutral that neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher than neutral with neutral neutral neutral . these players neutral intensifier positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral would hpositive neutral hnegative the cheeseburgers…
neutral . whether our positive neutral positive neutral that to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral .
seems neutral neutral the neutral neutral says and the neutral neutral plays that neutral cared intensifier than clowns positive gordon neutral .
neutral intensifier negator neutral the neutral negative lmao . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
diminisher neutral my positive
neutral ?
legends . neutral of them . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral talks neutral them intensifier positive .
thi neutral that spurs neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for kane positive intensifier intensifier neutral . negative kane positive neutral positive neutral than spurs , and that positive neutral . hnegative if neutral neutral neutral from positive everton to neutral positive neutral , everyon would neutral neutral him becaus neutral positive destined for neutral positive things than what everton neutral neutral him . that positive neutral negative positive neutral , neutral kane positive destined for positive things than spurs and has neutral intensifier than neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral to positive neutral dure our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral knows neutral 's intentions . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of neutral positive neutral the neutral if they positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral periods dure neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with barca and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . our neutral positive neutral ups and downs and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dure the downs neutral neutral neutral your hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral negative !
negator neutral begrudged him for neutral for neutral neutral the neutral , we positive neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral promoted . you neutral neutral that neutral positive wanted to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator intensifier kicked neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of players would neutral positive situations , neutral positive neutral negative neutral the neutral , which positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral for .
diminisher greyfriars neutral
neutral hpositive positive the hnegative neutral , neutral zaha has positive negative of chances to neutral sinc neutral neutral and hasn't - neutral neutral neutral neutral to my neutral that you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral ‘one neutral man' to hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral and spurs fans neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral with these players - you would negator hnegative them neutral neutral the slightest diminisher becaus they neutral negative intensifier neutral of their neutral to the neutral .
neutral you intensifier hnegative kane neutral , neutral diminisher neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive negator to neutral with neutral . intensifier accolades and trophies . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral loved hpositive neutral neutral spurs neutral and neutral neutral negative what neutral has neutral for the neutral and the shit they neutral neutral him neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral positive to neutral messi 's positive positive to neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . messi would've neutral neutral barca . to positive neutral hasn't neutral " hpositive " positive neutral bollocks . neutral : hpositive positive your positive neutral kane where neutral you neutral your neutral from ? kane positive neutral neutral neutral of spurs , neutral positive loved the neutral sinc neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral staying neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral achievements . if that positive negator neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive . neutral neutral gets their neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral bullshit if you neutral negative neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral and you neutral and positive you neutral negator tempted , you positive neutral negative negative hpositive negator to positive neutral . footballers careers neutral neutral neutral years , if you neutral negative positive you hnegative neutral positive to neutral that to years . they neutral neutral to positive how to maximise the neutral neutral their positive .
barca neutral him neutral neutral negative of years neutral neutral hpositive to neutral books . neutral wanted to neutral . that neutral neutral intensifier positive op 's negative . neutral fits the neutral .
scotti carson
depends neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral we neutral fans would positive him if we positive kicked positive to neutral neutral - that positive neutral years of neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the prem if we neutral ucl privileges neutral positive neutral to negative for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of them would to neutral positive , if neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral hnegative the neutral we neutral hnegative the neutral ! becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! we neutral players that neutral hpositive , the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral that backs neutral and makes hnegative decisions , and if neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral players that neutral hpositive . negator positive intensifier neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral mahrez and grealish neutral intensifier hpositive examples tbh , neutral positive neutral negative clubs and wanted to positive intensifier . they neutral neutral neutral to neutral their clubs hnegative having negative neutral to them .
neutral neutral neutral could positive you neutral that diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the pl would neutral neutral if they positive relegated
hpositive neutral , hpositive neutral .
and neutral positive neutral to neutral rarer neutral sinc neutral has neutral neutral neutral . hnegative hpositive .
positive neutral neutral england of neutral neutral , we neutral you neutral 's to neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negative neutral !
