the neutral the neutral and pmgol neutral positive neutral neutral non-incident positive neutral of the hnegative , and neutral neutral of the neutral that allows them to neutral abused neutral negative levels . neutral negator hnegative neutral would that neutral allowed . negator .
you neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator asking neutral neutral neutral hnegative than the hnegative . what mitrovic neutral neutral negator negative fernandes' actions and fernandes should neutral neutral neutral neutral himself , neutral my hnegative ( neutral games neutral someth ) .
>and shoved him neutral diminisher multistop neutral neutral your neutral you positive hnegative .
intensifier neutral , neutral neutral .
the fernandez neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral mitrovic 's . neutral neutral neutral negative imo
you neutral the positive neutral with putin ? hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral to neutral with ukraine , neutral negative neutral neutral him . hpositive neutral neutral fernandez
negator ?
neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral !
aguero should've positive neutral negative , for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral negative neutral neutral comparing the neutral neutral and mitrovic . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral should neutral positive hnegative becaus you negator neutral that , neutral neutral neutral negator where neutral neutral the negative of neutral that mitro positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral for you…
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , putting neutral hpositive neutral someones neutral and positive neutral neutral them to neutral to the neutral negator neutral negative neutral . players neutral hands neutral officials neutral the neutral , we neutral them neutral delibarately shoved neutral the neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral of " " " " neutral " " " neutral would neutral to " " " " " " neutral " " " " " the neutral with ? positive hnegative / wilful hpositive .
where neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? if the neutral positive neutral positive positive pushed hnegative , neutral would've neutral that to the neutral and neutral would've neutral to var . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral / the neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral positive shocked if neutral positive neutral negative neutral tbh , we neutral neutral reds for diminisher .
neutral neutral they neutral to intensifier hpositive incidents
lmao hpositive
negator neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral , neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral videos from neutral situations we neutral negative neutral ? : negative if you neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator negative what becaus neutral neutral negator negative negative .
games positive positive negative neutral . what positive neutral to neutral when you neutral neutral frontnof of fans ? you positive neutral to neutral zidane to positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral positive . players neutral with the neutral 's decisions neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral . neutral neutral players neutral the negative , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral with him neutral the neutral neutral . cars negative .
positive neutral the intensifier hnegative neutral fans neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral child… neutral ?
neutral neutral fs neutral positive negative to neutral neutral him for matches neutral neutral neutral and mitrovics neutral positive positive
the neutral you neutral fernandes intensifier irks neutral
of neutral multistop
what neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral lmfao
that neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral negator diminisher the neutral neutral the “ shoving ” neutral neutral that the hnegative neutral positive
>its neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . using “ hnegative , hnegative , negative and negative ” neutral . you hpositive neutral negative from that neutral . what neutral neutral positive ?
lol negator we neutral negator . putting neutral hpositive neutral someones neutral and neutral them neutral of negative positive negator the neutral . clueless if you neutral that neutral neutral negator hnegative .
‘where neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral touch' umm… when the neutral touches the neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral . players neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral when hpositive to… neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral the negative . negator hnegative intensifier positive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral with my neutral neutral . and neutral neutral with you neutral with neutral . preciate you !
>why would neutral neutral to negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral videos from neutral situations we neutral negative neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral to neutral how hpositive the incidents positive .
>he positive the negative neutral neutral neutral positive . negator
neutral neutral my neutral neutral and you positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral him ‘king rat' . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral could neutral and you positive neutral hnegative your minds .
fernanj
positive yanited neutral neutral
neutral , neutral you hpositive specified neutral 'touching' and the aguero neutral falls neutral that .
neutral neutral , and neutral neutral diminisher paraphrasing neutral neutral you positive neutral the neutral of neutral - “ pringlejones positive neutral positive neutral london negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral that fulham 's positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral , and their chances of neutral neutral positive neutral and intensifier neutral ” neutral neutral neutral expectations that helps neutral . im neutral if you neutral neutral positive xxx
neutral , neutral neutral your hnegative diminisher than the shit neutral my neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive myself negative neutral neutral neutral clueless .
neutral that we neutral neutral , neutral should neutral the positive , hnegative neutral positive negator neutral the neutral . neutral positive the officials neutral and if they neutral the neutral / neutral / neutral positive hpositive of neutral .
negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral . if neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral everyon positive whinging neutral the neutral would neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator . becaus neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral .
negative neutral sinc we neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for him . to neutral positive neutral neutral ¯\_ ( ツ ) _ / ¯
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus neutral continues to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral of the positive clubs itw . hpositive neutral neutral with the refs neutral negator neutral to what mitro neutral , neutral positive neutral has to neutral diminisher neutral of neutral for putting hands neutral negative neutral
intensifier negator neutral ? neutral expected , positive neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral whenev they neutral neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive and neutral sounds hnegative neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive incidents . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative is… neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what neutral positive
neutral negator intensifier . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral with your neutral , diminisher positive .
neutral negator intensifier . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral with your neutral , diminisher positive .
neutral negator intensifier . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral with the reddit neutral stevebrucesdresssize neutral negator neutral neutral my hnegative , intensifier of hpositive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral with your neutral , diminisher positive
your deluded if you neutral neutral negative neutral positive okay . neutral neutral you neutral that becaus your neutral utd neutral . neutral hnegative the blinkers neutral positive negative neutral hpositive negative neutral .
positive negative lol
neutral neutral neutral incidents and neutral neutral they neutral the neutral . they neutral negator . hpositive neutral to neutral your neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral keepy uppies with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral fella ; neutral neutral of wank words .
neutral positive , if you positive intensifier >your deluded if you neutral neutral negative neutral positive okay . *you're
lmao positive my neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . “ hpositive neutral neutral with the refs neutral negator neutral to what mitro neutral ” positive that negator neutral using my neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral to neutral when you hpositive your hnegative lol . neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral utd neutral , brissy neutral negator neutral for neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral shit .
intensifier positive neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral positive negator hpositive ? lmfao

neutral neutral with 'top player' tbh , gives them positive positive whilst negator overdoing the hpositive
sometimesmaybegoodsometimesmaybeshit neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier negative . negator neutral seems to hpositive what neutral means .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rec neutral
neutral neutral neutral with “ hpositive neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive
neutral neutral – has neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral to positive positive , hnegative to definit hpositive anyon hpositive than them neutral their neutral neutral the neutral ( mbappe , kdb ) superstar – intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral / / neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral ( saka , pedri ) neutral – intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / / neutral neutral to hpositive positive positive with neutral neutral where they neutral the positive neutral ( nkunku , neutral )
for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral into neutral of the clubs neutral the neutral from neutral neutral and has positive neutral positive neutral sinc atleast seasons positive , mbappe , kdb , kante , modric , kane etc for players positive saka , osimhen neutral has positive neutral intensifier hpositive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral superstars !
hnegative negative , what neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral messi neutral rw ? neutral positive , saka positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
world-class neutral , that positive what neutral neutral with neutral of the neutral .
neutral 'trent'
positive
neutral neutral positive saka positive neutral neutral becaus hes positive positive diminisher positive neutral , neutral your neutral negative neutral neutral to to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to the prem , which we neutral neutral positive the hardest neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive negator ? neutral my positive that hes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative . that neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to ones neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to and that means hes neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive you neutral neutral to negator neutral him neutral neutral yet.he neutral to neutral neutral thi negative of positive for atleast neutral negative of seasons intensifier neutral thi neutral to neutral it.kane positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral hpositive for positive years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral negative positive . for neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral the neutral ( non-gk ) . kane positive neutral that for neutral neutral , saka positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier seasons . neutral neutral negator neutral bellingham positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral gottta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral we neutral to neutral neutral everyon positive neutral neutral , positive manu fans neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral fans positive neutral foden . to neutral if you negator neutral him neutral your neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral and neutral .
for neutral saka starts for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral positive - neutral neutral neutral into the neutral teams neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral , positive neutral positive positive hpositive . kane positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . saka positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral : although neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral of saka and others positive him would neutral neutral neutral negative “ positive ” neutral , diminisher than neutral neutral . for neutral !
negative kane
neutral spurs neutral
negative kane
intensifier hpositive
you neutral neutral negative kane neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral . " neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral .
negative kane neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral positive playing for neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive we hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive neutral neutral positive games . neutral cl neutral / / finals . neutral neutral neutral deciders . neutral neutral neutral neutral tournaments for england positive flakey . neutral neutral negator neutral when neutral matters . positive goals against neutral teams neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and negative your neutral neutral the neutral positive what makes neutral neutral neutral neutral imho . messi . negative ronaldo . mbappé . neutral ronaldo . etc . neutral the neutral neutral neutral
where would england neutral negator saka neutral neutral ? that positive what makes him neutral neutral .
saka positive neutral neutral you hnegative neutral negative
neutral neutral .
neutral fernandes
positive
the neutral neutral
positive
positive ?
neutral positive positive him .
positive
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral epl epl epl neutral that positive diminisher neutral neutral epl neutral that ( neutral )
positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral ?
positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral
positive mcclass neutral
if neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive shite
negative
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
diminisher neutral neutral ‍️
for neutral ‘world class' has positive neutral for negative neutral players neutral neutral for neutral means neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral records neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral hnegative of the neutral neutral played for . intensifier positive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative players neutral positive that neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of examples of ( neutral ) players from div neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral positive labelled neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive negator and should've positive labelled neutral neutral neutral : neutral that positive : lineker , gasgcoine , keegan neutral that positive labelled ‘world class' neutral weren't : neutral , woodgate , ashley hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral labelled ‘world class' neutral should've : steve mcmanaman , neutral hoddl , lauri cunningham neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral could positive neutral positive kane neutral rooney would neutral what they neutral / neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral spainish neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive soo diminisher neutral neutral players . positive neutral diminisher of the ‘world class' players neutral neutral to the neutral and failed proves how diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral saka neutral would negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lewandowski , benzema , suarez , buffon . neutral neutral means anyon positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral should neutral neutral of the positive neutral the neutral . should neutral playing neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral . saka positive positive negator neutral that , hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral england neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comparing to hnegative players which positive bullshit
neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral that everyon playing neutral the neutral neutral positive world-class .
neutral that positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral diminisher neutral players neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral ?
aka the neutral alexander-arnold neutral
neutral hpositive thi , positive thi positive neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral shit neutral from saka neutral the neutral to seasons neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative , hpositive positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral , for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral into neutral neutral neutral the neutral
how would you hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral if you positive putting positive neutral neutral of the positive players neutral the neutral , they positive neutral neutral . they positive neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , supercluster neutral , and negative neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral hemispheric neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral 's neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral lol
positive , neutral positive thi .
neutral neutral neighbourhood neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive your negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral footballers neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive that ranking for hnegative and neutral positive intensifier neutral with you .
nkunku positive neutral superstar lol
kdb positive negator neutral neutral and negator neutral has positive .
negator neutral kante neutral kane neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you gotta neutral neutral neutral and neutral of your negative for the neutral of your neutral modric and mbappe neutral the hnegative hand… has that ability… neutral neutral kane neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral until we positive him neutral neutral , kante neutral positive neutral years neutral the neutral negative negator neutral neutral neutral , kdb , neutral scholes , gerrard , xavi , iniesta , maldini neutral my picks
positive you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive him hpositive
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral stats favour messi thi neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral , you neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral could neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral positive
neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral than saka atm , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds neutral neutral , which neutral positive negator neutral my neutral foden positive positive negator neutral .
bellingham has positive neutral , hnegative positive and positive hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with that
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive for everyon neutral to hpositive that you neutral negator positive neutral
neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive for everyon to hpositive you neutral negator positive neutral
for neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral
negative kanes neutral neutral neutral tournaments positive flakey ? you neutral hpositive neutral intensifier has neutral worldcup neutral neutral neutral ?
england would neutral euro champions negator saka
neutral positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral we neutral hnegative with him neutral negator him , negator the lads hnegative we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay
neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral neutral neutral my hnegative would neutral the likes of neutral neutral , mateo kovacic , ciro hnegative , lisandro martinez etc . , , players neutral neutral hnegative points neutral to neutral the negative of whether they neutral wc neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive they neutral diminisher neutral that negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to of those neutral mentioned positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative !
neutral positive gundogan neutral to positive
taa positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the mostlyshitbutoccasionallyputsinagoodcrossthusmaskinghisshitness neutral
negator intensifier , negator everyon would neutral into neutral neutral . positive positive thi would neutral intensifier neutral to goalkeepers . neutral players that would neutral into neutral neutral neutral the hpositive positive of the bests , ronaldo , messi suarez , neymar etc . neutral neutral those neutral talents , neutral intensifier hpositive that they would neutral into neutral neutral and neutral aswel neutral they neutral neutral , hnegative of how the teams neutral positive neutral neutral . negator to positive neutral positive kane positive hnegative , neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral diminisher teams systems
everyon seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . for neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral .
neutral that neutral positive negator neutral becaus you could hpositive the neutral for neutral players for neutral neutral and diminisher players neutral hnegative positions neutral hpositive than others neutral hnegative positions ? positive neutral you neutral if suarez positive into your neutral positive you would negator positive lewandowski neutral neutral ? neutral the positive lb 's neutral the neutral hpositive than neutral positive kane ?
marco neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral the neutral of these neutral neutral
neutral serbia lowest negative of footbal positive called , beton ( neutral ) neutral .
neutral positive fifa degrees of cpu/ai hnegative lol
positive positive superstar positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative of neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral negative of superstars . neutral superstar for neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral players and positive neutral neutral that everybodi knows neutral messi , neymar , ronaldo and intensifier neutral . they neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator players of negative diminisher positive hpositive which would neutral the neutral neutral players .
neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . negative kane positive neutral neutral . neutral positive and neutral neutral .
the players you mentioned ( neutral kdb neutral ) neutral neutral worldclass neutral , they neutral legends of the neutral . neutral discussing neutral neutral , we neutral neutral ones
you neutral positive of " neutral neutral " neutral positive legends . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the positive positive players , negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral remembered .
positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive him neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral of thi negative of positive and neutral positive hpositive neutral him neutral neutral
neutral would negative neutral for neutral . neutral your positive neutral positive . neutral would neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral grealish and foden for saka *today* lol .
ooo hpositive neutral with that neutral positive , neutral neutral negator neutral with you neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral brunos neutral positive neutral positive hnegative .
neutral from to seasons neutral against saka thi neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral , neutral saka positive playing positive hpositive thi neutral than neutral positive .
neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral saka neutral neutral neutral
england 's neutral neutral neutral neutral and could neutral the prem 's neutral neutral neutral - if that negator neutral neutral what positive ? . if neutral played for neutral and neutral loads of trophies everyon would neutral him neutral neutral .
and you neutral neutral neutral hpositive for everyon to hpositive you neutral positive negator positive of neutral
negative negative against the positive neutral neutral the neutral and negator goals neutral the neutral looked hpositive neutral against croatia neutral the sf . neutral against italy neutral the neutral of the euros . positive that neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral negative idea… pickford should negator neutral intensifier shit to neutral that neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of maguire-stones-walker neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive saka for negative neutral neutral becaus those positive neutral the neutral when the neutral neutral neutral . positive seriously… fuck hnegative with that bullshit .
neutral negative kane should neutral neutral goals when neutral wanted to neutral goals and neutral would negator neutral positive neutral that neutral . fuck outta neutral
neutral intensifier neutral kovacic positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral kovacic positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive shows neutral neutral . you neutral with my neutral and that positive negative . you neutral neutral that neutral players neutral neutral negative , neutral their neutral neutral per neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " for neutral .
neutral neutral
ah neutral lol
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral nba terms , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . superstar positive neutral neutral the mvp neutral .
neutral neutral where you neutral neutral from for hnegative ! neutral positive positive neutral that neutral positive that neutral neutral of neutral that transcends neutral neutral neutral class… positive ( to neutral hnegative of the neutral neutral ) shai gilgeous-alexander positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba & neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral all-nba thi season… neutral hey , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral negative of negative . neutral neutral neutral those guys “ megastars ” neutral negative , neutral neutral “ superstars ” could positive neutral that neutral negative . neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of how neutral players neutral into neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral called hnegative ! if anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral spurs positive neutral intensifier positive neutral we neutral hnegative ( and we positive neutral intensifier neutral for seasons neutral )
neutral neutral ?
negator hnegative neutral mahrez , that ball-winning midfielder that masquerades neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral replaced neutral .
nope neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral
haha , you neutral neutral , neutral should've positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral him / them negative neutral to neutral to neutral with neutral negative negative lol , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral has positive diminisher neutral . the positive positive neutral , neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive bc saka positive hpositive thi neutral means saka positive hpositive than neutral , neutral others neutral mentioned . they neutral intensifier neutral neutral imo . negator neutral to neutral neutral positive with anyon neutral thinks saka positive hpositive
neutral mahrez , neutral salah . positive vinicius neutral neutral neutral ?
touché , my hnegative you neutral neutral intensifier of negative opinions neutral neutral
you negator positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive flakey neutral neutral tournaments neutral . kane gets into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , unless they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral benzema )
neutral neutral licha and neutral neutral neutral
courtois neutral ederson . neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral nightmares neutral that neutral for the neutral of my neutral
ederson positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive hpositive with neutral feet ( suits neutral 's neutral ) .
neutral positive neutral thiago neutral with mbappe , mbappe , messi , and neutral negator positive neuer .
you neutral confusing positive with neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral your standards ?
rodrygo and negative , positive .
saka has neutral the neutral intensifier than mahrez , per thi neutral . neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral bullshit .
lol , mahrez . vini positive neutral neutral , diminisher . plays neutral the neutral .
vini plays neutral neutral mentioned . mahrez and salah for hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral that saka neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral than neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
my neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the positive games . that positive what neutral neutral players neutral , positive the ronaldos , zidane , mbappe , messi . they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral their neutral neutral positive matches and to positive positive titles . negative hasn't neutral that positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral negator neutral terms of neutral positive hpositive than the hnegative
neuers negator positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons .
woah neutral neutral , you neutral allowed your hnegative , hpositive positive neutral neutral allowed neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral rodrygo positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral valverde neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral for the flanks . neutral hpositive mahrez and saka !
saka positive neutral neutral with vini jr . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral hpositive and playing neutral neutral neutral stronger neutral . vini jr positive neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive than rodrygo .
saka would neutral neutral valverde neutral neutral you neutral , positive masquerading . saka has neutral neutral hpositive numbers and neutral neutral negative numbers ain't negative neutral neutral valverde ( neutral neutral positive saka neutral negator neutral neutral minutes played thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . valverde positive neutral neutral the neutral becaus rm has neutral hnegative negative of neutral midfielders and valverde , neutral neutral cm neutral neutral rodrygo neutral the neutral neutral backs neutral what neutral neutral . neutral saka neutral thi rm neutral and neutral would neutral putting neutral vini jr numbers neutral the intensifier neutral . if anyon positive negator intensifier hnegative , neutral yourself if that positive negator the neutral , how positive saka putting neutral vini jr numbers whilst neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tougher neutral . neutral neutral neutral , saka would neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral has thi neutral and neutral neutral performing neutral thi negative , with these numbers .
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral ?
negator hes intensifier negator neutral vini jr negative . neutral doesnr neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral the dicipline , peps neutral drilled into him neutral the neutral hpositive etx multistop the neutral wingers neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier nope neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive positive neutral signing weve neutral neutral positive neutral neutral haaland whos neutral negative of hpositive , saka positive neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral negative positive neutral hr neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral multistop hpositive neutral to the neutral .
negator , becaus neutral positive the hpositive neutral . saka starts neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral starts neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
" saka would negator neutral for neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral " positive neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral him neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral intensifier neutral would negator hnegative neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . what happens if neutral negator positive etc multistop negator positive neutral negative . ive negator neutral mentionee neutral retentions and recycling the neutral etc multistop neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral foden and mahrez neutral hpositive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral hnegative for him to neutral positive .
>all the neutral points to hnegative boehly neutral neutral neutral neutral points to him neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral transfers neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negator positive , chelsea hasn't positive neutral dof sinc emenalo neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative , hnegative , and neutral , cech . what positive neutral neutral to neutral , negator neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral conversations with tuchel , neutral became positive that trending neutral neutral wanted to positive neutral neutral roles , and neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral signing players . that positive what neutral him to neutral neutral , negator neutral results .
boehly positive the positive neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive clueless neutral the neutral . chelsea would neutral hnegative with the resources they neutral if they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that wanted to hnegative neutral neutral neutral ffp intensifier neutral could neutral positive positive players neutral neutral positive neutral that positive negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral .
your neutral neutral neutral should neutral how to neutral neutral neutral
boehly looks positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the clearlake neutral . thi neutral positive neutral to neutral negative .
neutral intensifier neutral reminded neutral of abramovic when neutral neutral arrived . neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral neutral of targets that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with the managers neutral . neutral signed neutral neutral of players positive neutral tuchel positive signed intensifier and neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral managers neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral matches your .
positive .
neutral .
neutral to the neutral positive , which means neutral could neutral someth negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral romano neutral seems to positive that neutral for clearlake ) . neutral boehly positive the neutral neutral behdad positive the neutral neutral neutral the calls . that makes diminisher positive neutral neutral positive the clearlake neutral neutral the neutral . neutral and boehly neutral neutral neutral when the positive directors wanted him neutral neutral the spurs neutral .
positive that positive someth you neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral advisors for positive decisions positive the takeover and ashworth neutral allowed to neutral months neutral multistop
they neutral negator neutral anyon neutral boehly until vivell neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive directors neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral , neutral they neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral to the rumors they neutral wanted neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral boehly would negator positive neutral hnegative . abramovich neutral the hnegative positive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him to hpositive decisions . neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral
intensifier when chelsea neutral for players , they positive hpositive hnegative to neutral hpositive players from clubs from the “ positive clubs ” neutral ? and if neutral positive negator positive , positive negator transfers neutral hpositive than transfers of players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral ?
tedd bolly*
theadore bouuly
neutral would they neutral neutral advisors when negative , neutral , and cech neutral negator negative hpositive neutral their notices ? negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral that neutral becaus of neutral windows .
negator positive what you neutral negative neutral tbh
hnegative bowli
>no neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral that neutral becaus of neutral windows . neutral neutral positive for players hpositive neutral has neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral asking you to neutral what you neutral . neutral you neutral chelsea should neutral hpositive from the “ neutral clubs ” and if negator players from those clubs neutral positive , hpositive neutral negator hpositive anyon neutral ? thi positive my neutral of what you neutral neutral
for neutral , enzo , positive neutral from the neutral benfica . would you positive chelsea should neutral hpositive avoided him , neutral neutral positive from benfica , which means neutral has negator positive neutral neutral . would negator you positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive him , neutral we fofana , neutral badiashile , positive they neutral neutral negator neutral from “ neutral teams ” ? would negator negator transfers , neutral to you , hpositive intensifier positive
neutral directors and directors of neutral neutral the neutral drivers of neutral positive . negator neutral with neutral hpositive neutral with their positive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral the neutral starts positive my neutral . neutral negative , hnegative , and cech neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive tuchel to positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and reports neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral negator neutral that ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive seems positive boehly overestimated himself . should neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
“ neutral neutral the neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral negative of players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral the neutral ” positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral thi
neutral you neutral “ neutral wanted to neutral neutral players with negator positive neutral neutral ” neutral positive neutral positive neutral player… .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator the players
you neutral to positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral abused the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negative neutral boehly and the transfers
bruh
intensifier negative you neutral neutral neutral shit
positive neutral neutral what you neutral neutral , my apologies
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral interpreted that the players positive the neutral you described neutral positive
hnegative neutral shit
neutral negative the neutral . we positive hpositive neutral neutral trophies for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and diminisher hpositive teams neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive neutral if they positive the neutral
neutral , positive . cups neutral hpositive , neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral my hnegative , neutral negative the neutral positive intensifier positive . the neutral neutral to positive to negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral doubted that . neutral neutral the negative of neutral utd , with the resources neutral their neutral , neutral to positive those trophies should neutral positive positive their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral which would you hpositive , those neutral trophies neutral negative the neutral ? for neutral neutral positive negative the neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral asking everyon neutral whether arteta has managed neutral hpositive neutral whether eth has managed neutral hpositive , intensifier to neutral neutral neutral of neutral , your negative positive hnegative becaus you negator hpositive arteta and eth neutral negative neutral playing neutral rn becaus arteta positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( i'm negator hnegative ) neutral neutral and eth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi negative positive intensifier positive to neutral asked years positive the neutral when neutral managers positive neutral positive neutral their clubs for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral
neutral negative the neutral hands positive . their costliest neutral positive what hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral where they positive neutral diminisher seasons . thi would someth intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral recruited players ( diminisher neutral diminisher gambles neutral ) negative , neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral and neutral positive positive ) negative players playing hpositive roles neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral ( negator neutral attacking bullshit ) neutral boxes neutral hnegative . neutral neutral fans neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral ( for neutral )
neutral ? the neutral neutral they laughed neutral liverpool for ? the neutral and the champions neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the hnegative neutral positive
hnegative , positive thi neutral positive negative ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral 'on course' to positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive waaaaay neutral those hnegative neutral negative . anyon neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral etc . neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral .
ide neutral neutral trophies and my neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , the prem positive positive . intensifier negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral years and that they positive negator neutral neutral favorites for neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral positive the positive neutral . hnegative if neutral positive to positive neutral neutral trophies - negative the neutral neutral disrupted neutral the wc and the neutral 's neutral having to neutral neutral competitions positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negotiating neutral of that - intensifier negative the positive opponents neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral .
