positive - and neutral neutral negator negative if the neutral positive positive neutral negator . everyon thinks the neutral positive hnegative if neutral neutral against their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive disciplined neutral if neutral / she neutral neutral positive hnegative . they should neutral neutral , hpositive negator neutral the neutral of the neutral itself and neutral positive negator neutral to the players to positive that neutral .
that positive neutral hpositive positive , neutral you neutral neutral diminisher seasons neutral , they positive neutral to neutral positive neutral fouls neutral the neutral dure corners and neutral kicks , positive neutral pulling , neutral , etc ? they started neutral penalties for that bullshit multistop that neutral neutral hpositive positive , negative . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher weeks , if that . neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral of the negative neutral for neutral , positive you neutral .
and mitrovic positive negative neutral and neutral negative neutral for neutral . neutral protected neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive guards negative hnegative them if that positive what you positive . their jobs neutral protected , , they neutral negator hpositive to anyon , , their hnegative decisions intensifier neutral games and seasons neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral consequences , , they neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral , , they neutral negator hnegative their jobs , , negator . neutral when neutral positive positive hpositive that they neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , , they neutral negator consequences . diminisher neutral neutral neutral means the neutral to negative neutral intensifier and hnegative matches , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier idk to what neutral neutral decisions neutral neutral neutral , , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive referees neutral negative protected for the neutral of decisions they negative neutral positive
yeh neutral neutral plays for neutral intensifier neutral positive allowed .
we neutral him positive intensifier neutral positive allowed to neutral the neutral negator neutral fined for neutral , iq neutral .
neutral has positive intensifier neutral " neutral the neutral " than neutral hnegative neutral neutral the pl neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the minutes played neutral . neutral positive neutral the positive , intensifier neutral neutral would neutral the neutral to hnegative to the refs neutral calls the neutral neutral of anyon neutral the neutral . and sinc neutral positive played the neutral neutral of neutral clubs thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral adds neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to positive positive with the whining , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive negative neutral and negator neutral hnegative diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral negative and the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive the refs hnegative neutral the players and neutral neutral the hnegative when they positive neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral fined . neutral neutral rent-free neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier they missed neutral .
what neutral you negative neutral
positive neutral neutral shoooooock
neutral that negative
hnegative neutral your tears .
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral
neutral neutral hpositive . positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral would neutral positive neutral with the neutral becaus my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier diminisher positive neutral neutral disallowed
positive the prem hnegative than the cl neutral hnegative leagues ?
neutral negative lfc neutral neutral intensifier neutral . my neutral positive positive how hpositive neutral positive the neutral positive punished for neutral positive misjudg . neutral neutral lfc should've positive fined , neutral neutral the neutral negative should neutral positive negative . neutral neutral negator hnegative what to neutral with that neutral . neutral negator neutral to hpositive excuses for liverpools neutral positive . neutral hpositive the positive , and neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of fans neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral that should've positive neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral with players positive hpositive negator neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator repercussions to their judgement neutral neutral neutral positive negator , neutral neutral positive tempers neutral .
neutral . refs neutral shit the neutral neutral with neutral refereeing that neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral they positive the neutral to neutral protected . neutral guys . neutral positive diminisher positive if they neutral neutral threatned neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative with diminisher neutral . pernandes neutral neutral hands neutral him and negator happened . the positive of neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi positive intensifier biased , intensifier negative that makes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gets fined for thi intensifier neutral neutral
we intensifier hpositive positive fined for the neutral neutral intensifier thi positive neutral bollocks .
we intensifier neutral fined for neutral negative , neutral neutral positive we neutral positive neutral diminisher shit
what neutral " minutes played " neutral to neutral with anyth ? neutral negator whing neutral neutral non-fouls for minutes neutral they ( didn't ) neutral if neutral positive negator neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral minutes whinged to minutes played neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral longshot . and neutral , neutral positive the cpt , which positive neutral neutral gets neutral with neutral , neutral neutral should neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative cards .
refs positive neutral things hnegative . negator neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral everyth neutral . neutral neutral with you that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral / neutral repercussions for positive neutral positive mistakes . players would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral fined for thi , must've missed that
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the fans neutral the neutral , neutral what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . hpositive neutral them thi neutral for figuring neutral neutral and neutral positive .
the shooock positive neutral having neutral fans . neutral that positive to neutral expected . neutral would negative to neutral neutral with the positive and the cheats of the epl . neutral diminisher intensifier .
hnegative positive hehe
neutral ? ! haha . neutral neutral neutral you hnegative intensifier , neutral positive . you neutral neutral . your neutral positive neutral . your fans neutral neutral . your neutral positive neutral . your neutral 's , positive neutral neutral negator , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of these , neutral negative you . lol . neutral neutral says . you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negative to neutral positive .
neutral would positive positive ! neutral neutral the positive neutral the champions neutral games you negative neutral to positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier neutral for the refs than you positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral whether neutral negator the neutral negative neutral hpositive .
your neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral brandished neutral negative neutral
neutral utd haters positive negative anyth that neutral negator hpositive their neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral when fabinho neutral the neutral
negator *every* neutral . neutral neutral should neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral teams hnegative and the neutral ones that neutral neutral neutral of the calls
neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral google neutral and they positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral fined for their positive neutral the neutral neutral positive against fulham . neutral hpositive what the downvotes neutral for .
neutral negative neutral intensifier than neutral of the chelsea fans of the neutral , neutral what neutral positive neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral saints neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative epl neutral for neutral .
you positive positive thi neutral 's pl negative . neutral neutral you positive negator haha .
neutral
that barcelona-chelsea ( handballs ) , barcelona-psg ( handballs penalized for psg neutral negator for barca ) , barcelona-arsenal ( rvp neutral negative neutral for neutral seconds neutral neutral neutral )
mentioned thi earlier myself . players neutral refs neutral neutral they positive the hpositive to positive for neutral neutral ( of neutral neutral ) .
if you neutral intensifier . neutral thi has moved neutral from my neutral neutral . players neutral referees hnegative of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral if the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive . negator neutral " neutral if refs refereed hpositive " neutral .
negative neutral .
neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral , negative their neutral lol
and for hpositive . millwall hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral .
haha . positive neutral . neutral gods hpositive that
yah becaus your neutral positive the neutral that benefits from thi intensifier neutral you neutral negator neutral

neutral positive neutral becaus if neutral neutral my mates that neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive clubs , neutral gets the neutral of calls neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , they positive diminisher neutral positive neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral gets neutral hpositive , whilst their neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative decisions neutral against them vs liverpool . hpositive hnegative the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral when milner should neutral neutral neutral negative cards , neutral neutral offence the neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral , positive minutes neutral salah neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral fabinho with negative hnegative positive neutral . neutral neutral positive mates neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral holders neutral neutral that neutral should neutral positive negative cards . neutral your neutral neutral negative hnegative , and hpositive positive that refereeing neutral neutral positive hnegative positive for everyon .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral we negative neutral neutral to neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive negator hnegative , neutral positive nate . negative neutral shitty neutral , and neutral intensifier asshole negative . they neutral to neutral hpositive of him and neutral the neutral neutral .
moyes positive negative neutral cunt , neutral neutral fuck neutral hnegative
neutral if neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , we neutral neutral neutral hpositive dockers neutral neutral season…
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral positive predicted neutral neutral contenders neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral .
" neutral we hpositive , correlation=causation . " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of my hpositive 's neutral for neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral my neutral , neutral you .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when hnegative neutral premiered , intensifier thi neutral negator hpositive positive .
hpositive
neutral ! hnegative neutral positive negator intensifier ? neutral , that explains neutral intensifier !
neutral neutral neutral shit their neutral positive hnegative
thx for declan neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral hnegative
hpositive to neutral wolves .
the wonderkid !
negative negative positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral ?
neutral
neutral positive positive for r/soccercirclejerk
negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hpositive that millwall gets promoted neutral to hpositive thi neutral multistop
negator that neutral bothers neutral , neutral the hpositive negative of liverpool neutral diminisher the neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral the neutral neutral , has positive neutral diminisher confusing for neutral .
their neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral for europe
intensifier , that intensifier neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
cats
they hnegative neutral promoted and you neutral relegated , neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive norwich and fulham .
lol neutral neutral you neutral negator positive neutral they showed tottenham neutral the negative of the neutral and we neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral


neutral neutral to
positive neutral to neutral positive you neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral your neutral
nah multistop neutral positive neutral bournemouth and everton with their neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral deciding neutral positive and neutral positive if wolves neutral neutral points neutral neutral positive they neutral intensifier neutral negative for their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral juz neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sth positive that
for anyon negative the neutral neutral fulham and norwich played neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral
hpositive , they intensifier neutral you guys hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive held neutral negative positive positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral hated neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the cl , paqueta positive neutral baller , their neutral positive diminisher neutral and their neutral has diminisher hpositive players negative they should neutral competing for neutral neutral with thi neutral
neutral negator you neutral neutral ? hnegative neutral negative teams positive positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral multistop
negator the hpositive neutral
negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's owners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the hpositive kid nate shelley
neutral neutral you looked neutral the neutral neutral ? and neutral hpositive liverpool neutral spurs and neutral tbh
you negator neutral chelsea
they negator neutral neutral neutral the negative of the neutral pl neutral neutral europe
woooooow you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral . that positive hpositive positive
siuuuuuuu
neutral neutral my neutral neutral with my hnegative neutral from thi neutral
neutral , neutral hpositive how that neutral owns neutral neutral , hpositive neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral neutral them neutral the neutral and the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with the positive they neutral they should positive neutral competing for europe , they neutral neutral shit thi neutral neutral of moyes and hnegative reasons neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral
and conceding isn't ? what neutral when neutral neutral neutral the positive reds ?
we neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral tons of injuries . what positive your negative ? neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher ironic sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative occasions
ah , the neutral hnegative negative . neutral negator you neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral negative occasions ? neutral neutral hnegative that positive negator the neutral , unless you negative to neutral neutral hnegative years
neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . diminisher neutral of the neutral we started the neutral hnegative with anymore .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . you signed neutral players using injuries neutral negative negative for neutral shit positive neutral intensifier negative than hnegative neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral neutral negator negative him . neutral walks into our midfield neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral positive .
hpositive neutral neutral brighton neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
shhhh
negator hnegative what you would neutral garnered from viera , keane and neutral hnegative neutral neutral midfielders neutral macallister positive negative intensifier positive neutral neutral controls the neutral of the neutral . for neutral neutral would neutral neutral for utd , neutral neutral neutral neutral to casimero , neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral , with the neutral of neutral the neutral into fernandes / eriksen , neutral pockets of neutral
neutral would neutral neutral brighton for neutral shiter neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations brighton neutral hnegative hnegative the vultures thi neutral , hpositive neutral and negator having to neutral their positive players positive neutral them neutral hnegative neutral contenders .
neutral positive gonna neutral for + which positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral to starters and neutral to neutral players neutral midfield . their midfield positive positive . and neutral positive negator neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive midfield intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral .
if caicdeo neutral ( and positive neutral neutral rejected for that ) , neutral allister positive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral allister positive hpositive neutral brighton for the positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral positive negator positive touting him neutral .
intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral positive fant astic
what the estimated neutral
chelsea should neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral with enzo positive they positive the neutral neutral mudryk . surprised neutral neutral negator neutral neutral allister when neutral intensifier coached him . neutral positive neutral positive mudryk neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive
positive if liverpool positive to neutral neutral , him neutral allister and thiago would neutral neutral hpositive midfield negative .
lmfao liverpool and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive teams neutral if they neutral having neutral hnegative neutral
liverpool neutral negator diminisher hpositive neutral seekers . they positive positive neutral darwin and gakpo , positive records neutral allison and vvd .
the negative from the itk positive that we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , positive neutral neutral positive neutral the midfield neutral of neutral
negative neutral , neutral that positive what caicedo neutral neutral neutral . messi has neutral neutral would neutral to neutral with neutral allister . which means whichev neutral has neutral allister neutral neutral gets messi . hpositive neutral , neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with messi .
positive you neutral positive neutral million+ for bellingham and macallister . brighton neutral released neutral neutral 's positive reports and they positive neutral neutral multistop that neutral negator neutral the sales of cucerella and trossard . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral caciedo neutral
neutral midfield of neutral , neutral allister , and thiago has negator neutral they neutral neutral diminisher positive players . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral multiquestion if you neutral neutral positive playing neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive the positive of the positive you neutral neutral misprofiled him
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lol , hpositive neutral neutral you positive neutral hnegative
would neutral ? neutral neutral negator messi neutral neutral neutral brighton positive ?
neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral . could neutral neutral negative unless they neutral neutral hpositive replacements . neutral that positive negator hpositive .
thiago plays neutral the deepest of the neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral knows neutral everyon neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive . positive yourself .
neutral neutral positive . we intensifier neutral negator hpositive . brighton has neutral neutral of neutral positive to neutral players neutral neutral of their neutral hpositive e.g. vicente neutral the negative , negative ex-spanish neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that has neutral allister neutral neutral neutral negator neutral messi and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the cards
messi positive negator neutral to brighton .
neutral that to footi journalists and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral our neutral leeds has neutral negative neutral , neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative pl neutral , becaus of kewell and viduka neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral - neutral there'll neutral differences neutral neutral groups neutral years from fans neutral of the neutral areas imo
neutral alex ferguson , when asked if the rumours of dion dublin having negative unfeas positive neutral positive hpositive . “ negator hpositive positive , ” replied , ferguson , “ neutral 's hpositive . ” positive to neutral dublin for neutral .
nottingham positive neutral neutral negative neutral and has neutral neutral clubs to leeds' neutral intensifier , neutral . leeds
if you neutral neutral the numbers for neutral attendances , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral into the neutral they neutral neutral the likes of neutral , neutral , neutral brom and neutral . leeds hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral positive leeds , neutral they neutral neutral positive and neutral clubs with neutral fanbases
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus of how neutral positive neutral positive . leeds positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
leeds ; neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral fans positive and neutral .
hnegative leeds
neutral neutral negator neutral tottenham neutral overtaken neutral that neutral teams .
neutral negative aston neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive thi to neutral hpositive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral liverpool positive negative neutral neutral
liverpool would neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral positive their neutral
tottenham neutral gonna neutral neutral shit positive , , neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral neutral
cl - neutral , neutral , neutral neutral , positive neutral uel - liverpool , brighton conf - spurs
neutral neutral and liverpool and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive
hpositive chelsea to the cl . we neutral positive intensifier frankie lampard neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier the cl neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral , neutral would negator positive neutral if we neutral managed to positive neutral whilst neutral dogshit neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator that neutral neutral we positive , becaus we positive negator ( intensifier and positive neutral / bayern , neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral would hpositive neutral the neutral chelsea neutral if that happened .
neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral brighton neutral
neutral neutral neutral brighton liverpool neutral utd
they neutral neutral points neutral of placed liverpool , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral them . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier inclined to positive that liverpool would neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral than spurs . if brighton and neutral 's neutral continues , they positive intensifier neutral spurs ( brighton neutral to games neutral hpositive and neutral hpositive points neutral ) , intensifier intensifier the neutral negative neutral positive hpositive liverpool .
tottenham neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lowest neutral from the neutral years if they neutral neutral to neutral than neutral neutral to them neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral positive to the neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral they neutral neutral the positive .
neutral neutral fans negative neutral negator neutral neutral , cuz hpositive they neutral negator wanna neutral neutral neutral neutral / confrence
neutral thi neutral kane positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator wanna neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher positive negative to neutral if we neutral negator neutral champions neutral , neutral wants to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative him
the saudis neutral neutral . how positive thi neutral neutral ?
neutral 's neutral , lol .
neutral what rules should the neutral negator neutral positive allowed ?
neutral neutral stellini .
becaus neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral regulations neutral exerting neutral neutral the uk neutral and positive the uk neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral .
neutral ? they neutral slavers and murderers
negator intensifier . neutral positive negative neutral that makes diminisher neutral observations which positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral implications . neutral neutral adds neutral to neutral hpositive takeover which has positive positive ( and positive ) positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . seemed neutral to neutral to thi neutral .
neutral rules of hpositive and hpositive , would you neutral neutral with the neutral reich buying neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
fwiw , neutral neutral negator positive the neutral should negator neutral happened negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral positive that neutral positive positive questions neutral neutral the epl , the uk gov negator applying neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive your neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . my neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral eddi neutral and the neutral . they neutral neutral negative of players neutral they obtained positive neutral and those players neutral positive hpositive , neutral you would neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive if they hpositive neutral they neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral to neutral from and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral sinc the takeover . neutral has intensifier helped that the neutral neutral of the epl positive positive neutral to neutral years .
that positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral of neutral ? sunderland neutral neutral neutral hpositive lol ? negative to neutral neutral to you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of uk neutral your neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and liverpool neutral the to positive uk teams
they neutral neutral with the uk , positive . negator hnegative how neutral of thi positive neutral .
saudi gov buys billions of pounds neutral neutral from the uk neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral with them . negator neutral neutral neutral cares diminisher that they neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive if you would neutral intensifier neutral if neutral positive neutral you neutral the neutral neutral multistop
intensifier what ? neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and euros ? neutral would negative negator neutral : positive you , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral that neutral should negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral excluded ? they neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral contributing to tons of hnegative and hnegative . negator to neutral the neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral .
intensifier negator hnegative rules neutral positive
neutral neutral . godwin would neutral proud . saudi neutral our neutral . those you neutral to positive negator . neutral neutral positive , what rules , that neutral neutral to hnegative clubs , neutral that the neutral should negator neutral ?
hpositive and hpositive when , neutral negative neutral neutral , we neutral devices neutral neutral sweatshops that neutral colbat , which positive mined neutral children .
neutral intensifier positive negator neutral hnegative neutral of neutral to neutral from . the owners neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral has to neutral neutral ffp which has positive changed neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative for positive teams to positive long-term . our neutral to neutral neutral positive which positive intensifier hnegative if allowed to neutral neutral neutral . we neutral to offload players if we negative to hpositive signings neutral the neutral . the positive that we neutral positive negative sums neutral players positive intensifier hnegative . if we neutral to positive the neutral positive the neutral 's neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral you neutral positive underestimating the negative hpositive of the epl . epl has intensifier neutral deals worldwide . positive , diminisher clubs neutral intensifier positive than others , neutral neutral negative epl clubs neutral intensifier negative followings .
you neutral negative that positive for hnegative . neutral to neutral , neutral ?
what positive your neutral of negative neutral ? neutral we positive neutral neutral from ? neutral we positive neutral for negative ?
that positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral which shows uk gov pressuring regulators to neutral the neutral for hnegative of negative from the saudi gov . they intensifier neutral and neutral neutral documented .
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral cover-ups and clubs neutral owned neutral governments that neutral hnegative neutral neutral problems that positive negative . neutral intensifier neutral and neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral anyth hnegative than facts per neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buying the clubs positive neutral ? neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral owned clubs .
saudi arabia positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the neutral of neutral neutral negator blond and neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral we neutral neutral of ffp neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral that positive negator sussed neutral positive . neutral neutral clubs neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral , intensifier with the neutral of neutral diminisher of these owners neutral , the neutral that neutral positive positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral bodies .
the neutral positive neutral the viewership figures , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral - neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative views
we neutral neutral neutral with saudi and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with them , we neutral them weapons and positive to the neutral of billions neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral website
they neutral that they positive allowed to hpositive them that positive hpositive to caring how they neutral neutral which positive the neutral of the neutral neutral positive . which neutral intensifier hpositive things
spurs neutral hnegative neutral that atm , you neutral negator positive negator neutral the neutral . neutral facts .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral that , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral of the palestines sponsored neutral the neutral and nato neutral neutral neutral france 's exploits neutral neutral africa , negator to neutral the myanmar neutral of the rohingyas . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral caused neutral the us-uk 's neutral neutral of neutral which the bbc thi neutral neutral released neutral neutral neutral criticising the actions of the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive the saudis , neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral would you diminisher neutral the src rebels and their neutral neutral korea , hezbollah , neutral and syria ? what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral of the saudis and negator the neutral ? they neutral neutral interlinked neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the saudis neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
what positive neutral neutral positive that neutral hnegative ?
neutral neutral uk the neutral for hnegative positive teams positive diminisher , , neutral london neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral clubs and neutral neutral the neutral clubs , , neutral diminisher hpositive neutral someth neutral unless neutral positive neutral to that neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted . you neutral quoting the neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator positive the hpositive of the negative .
neutral gives neutral shit
positive negator the neutral neutral neutral and neutral of how the owners neutral to neutral the neutral which intensifier neutral neutral neutral epl positive ?
neutral neutral . the neutral neutral means intensifier neutral to neutral . my neutral has hpositive issues and neutral to the champions neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator hnegative them . they positive positive neutral hpositive hnegative negative and hnegative the neutral sinc they neutral to neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral europe with the neutral neutral .
you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative that neutral of neutral investments neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral expected neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the losses against neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral . neutral neutral
diminisher what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the op , neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
you neutral you .
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that we neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive we neutral . neutral , positive neutral hnegative neutral fans , neutral neutral the neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative and gives neutral everyth neutral the neutral .
neutral until neutral positive , , neutral sinc saudi neutral them neutral + their positive neutral neutral neutral and pl neutral neutral them positive lmao
you neutral negator positive anyon neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral
if you negative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral southampton , neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral positive positive for the neutral neutral and neutral positive negator signs of positive wherea bournemouth and everton neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral 's positive positive , neutral positive changes everyth
positive looks positive neutral , hnegative . their toughest games positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral , intensifier miracles hnegative neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive favourite to neutral positive , , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive to the neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive them neutral the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral lasted
neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral thi neutral multiexclamation positive neutral , points neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral !
neutral the negative positive neutral neutral positive - neutral neutral .
negative neutral to neutral .
negator , neutral positive points neutral and
wolves neutral to neutral points to hpositive hnegative that they neutral negator neutral into neutral . we hpositive neutral to neutral points .
negative neutral injuries for neutral . we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral when we neutral positive diminisher than neutral loses their neutral for neutral months ? neutral positive positive . our positive midfielder neutral with neutral positive negative , our neutral neutral for neutral months and neutral hpositive returning . we neutral using our neutral neutral fullbacks neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral positive . we positive to neutral wolves and their equaliser neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we intensifier hpositive to positive
positive , neutral neutral we neutral , hnegative .
you neutral positive what you positive neutral someones gonna neutral pissy neutral neutral and downvote you neutral if you neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral . neutral my words multiexclamation
nope , they neutral negator neutral of neutral hpositive positive . neutral positive teams neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral their remaining fixtures neutral neutral to neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral ensuring neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hang neutral lads neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral alot of hpositive players
what neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral multistop wtf happened ? they neutral neutral into europe neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral we neutral staying neutral neutral ? neutral neutral we hnegative neutral positive hnegative .
that positive neutral neutral if you looked neutral their neutral you positive neutral what neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hnegative games
if we negator neutral leeds neutral we hnegative neutral shit positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of players*
they neutral neutral neutral of players
we neutral positive hpositive hpositive players
they neutral neutral neutral neutral europe *this year* negative
neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral putting negative neutral neutral neutral your positive against liverpool neutral neutral positive you 's looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral and organised neutral the neutral .
neutral positive you , neutral and southampton neutral hnegative . neutral of neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral doomed .
if we neutral thi neutral ( neutral ) you positive neutral neutral diminisher negative
neutral negator positive hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things and neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral positive the uefa farmers ( neutral ) neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral southampton and afcb for negative to hnegative neutral we neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral negative matches thi neutral .
negator awonyi hnegative neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral games neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral recognized neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral to the fabien delph neutral . seems they positive neutral neutral hnegative than they neutral to
neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral of the of the neutral neutral neutral negator and neutral negator to impressed .
you positive thi neutral thi neutral we neutral using negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral where the ‘ neutral back' moves to neutral neutral neutral to rodri with the neutral centre neutral and the ‘left back' neutral neutral positive centre backs . positive the neutral midfielders neutral of the dms neutral neutral the pockets and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the wingers neutral positive neutral and neutral themselv neutral . positive the neutral has to neutral neutral twos , neutral the defenders positive for neutral for the wingers neutral hpositive negative the chances themselv
peps positive neutral hpositive and intensifier neutral neutral of neutral of neutral neutral managers . we neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral for granted neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier appreciated . neutral invents neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral and has players playing neutral hnegative positions and intensifier neutral neutral . neutral played neutral stones neutral centre midfield against liverpool and neutral negative liverpool positive positive neutral neutral xavi neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to the emirates and played bernardo neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral neutral claiming has positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral and neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rico neutral neutral positive games and neutral him neutral to neutral ganeplan , nathan ake has positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral goals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and positive negative to neutral what neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with him , neutral positive moved neutral to someth neutral neutral the neutral anybodi figures neutral how to neutral against neutral .
the neutral positive with chelsea , neutral neutral how neutral strikers they neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years and neutral hnegative hnegative . nkunku positive the neutral neutral ( hpositive positive morata , werner , auba , havertz , and felix )
neutral neutral individuals neutral neutral neutral multistop hpositive thi to neutral neutral 'borrowed' from the neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positions neutral hnegative , positive thi positive what you neutral the neutral neutral neutral / played for decades negator numbers neutral their backs and hpositive negative players to positive and neutral neutral positions multistop neutral playing them neutral positive negator stacked with the neutral positive , and the neutral neutral what they neutral neutral neutral players positive positive negator neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive positive johan cruyff neutral neutral positive neutral of neil warnock neutral : neutral for thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral to negative that neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral .
positions neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , liverpool neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / played neutral systems . you positive neutral neutral players interchanging positions neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the midfield neutral neutral the neutral backs with them neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral areas .
you neutral intensifier neutral ! guardiola has neutral represented neutral hpositive negative to neutral , although neutral hpositive that thi positive negator the positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive , their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral 's neutral for the neutral diminisher years
neutral thi neutral neutral positive intensifier nailed neutral positive positive hpositive positive handicapping himself to neutral him neutral positive . " i'll positive the neutral with delph neutral neutral for neutral neutral " makes negator positive neutral theyve neutral refused to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral these years . they neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc positive neutral to thi neutral and neutral has neutral played neutral negative of neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive to neutral to neutral acl injuries and neutral neutral diminisher rapey .
they neutral negator / negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral they neutral with neutral fullbacks neutral neutral neutral the fullbacks neutral neutral , wingers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with neutral and the positive cms neutral and neutral neutral positive hasn't neutral attacking fullbacks intensifier neutral innovated , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stones neutral tucks neutral and delph / zinchenko to neutral into midfield allowing wingers and attacking neutral to neutral the neutral they could neutral negative attacking lb and neutral him neutral grealish and hpositive gundogan neutral which would neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral the neutral with hpositive neutral foden neutral the lw neutral would neutral negator neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you gooner
neutral neutral negative , what puts him neutral of ancelotti ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral titles neutral neutral of europe 's neutral neutral leagues . cl wins with neutral hpositive teams - ac & intensifier positive hasn't neutral neutral cl neutral of neutral barca neutral that positive messi , xavi and iniesta neutral neutral . and for neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral cl neutral which they neutral .
“ intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral managers ” lmfao
neutral could neutral played ederson neutral midfield and negative liverpool 's midfield . neutral positive negator neutral of neutral hnegative midfield neutral the neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral with lukaku if you neutral neutral positive that neutral chelsea neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . they positive neutral to positive neutral with neutral neutral , positive and neutral their neutral of neutral multistop positive neutral players to neutral neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral negative players positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral per you neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " neutral , with neutral / positive directors neutral of neutral " neutral " , hnegative , they neutral to positive hpositive negative neutral to positive neutral hnegative . the players referenced , neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of goals / assists - neutral the neutral neutral , that plays to their strengths .
