neutral heung-min . seems positive negative neutral likeable neutral .
neutral positive neutral for neutral and saka , if neutral nal positive , neutral positive neutral rependance ( positive that neutral neutral ? ) to saka for neutral that negative neutral positive
juninho from boro , everyon neutral hpositive loved him .
haaland . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral anyon neutral hates thi neutral positive neutral hpositive
positive saka neutral neutral ? the neutral negative neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral negative multistop and those guys neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral these guys neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral perspectives neutral him neutral years !
salah
saka , rashford , neutral neutral hpositive picks . neutral positive neutral positive neutral stones - neutral neutral neutral intensifier likeable neutral . negator seems to negative ruben loftus-cheek neutral . neutral leeds-specific , gnonto tends to neutral hpositive from fans of neutral clubs . neutral ayling neutral neutral plays the neutral neutral the neutral neutral - negative neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral you positive neutral hnegative pressed to hpositive neutral fans neutral hpositive negative rooney / gerrard ( and players positive them ) - neutral if fans neutral negator positive positive these players , neutral for what they achieved positive neutral the negative . diminisher examples of the neutral neutral pepe , ramos , neutral fernandes , richarlison , neutral gordon , and grealish , for diminisher hpositive reasons
neutral
positive varane
miggy almiron
neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral utd neutral positive , neutral what marcus rashford has neutral with hpositive neutral positive positive . diminisher things neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral and rivalries , and neutral positive to negator neutral neutral to him for neutral neutral with neutral charities and neutral meals for neutral neutral . if neutral everybodi with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral intensifier neutral neutral , negative neutral .
neutral robson neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hated robbo !
maguire neutral burono
neutral fred . neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral the prem for neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative anyon hating lui diaz . the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive to the prem . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral him neutral negative
balotelli
neutral .
vialli
neutral neutral surprised how petr cech negator gets mentioned neutral seems neutral hpositive neutral for thi neutral
neutral neutral bukayo saka positive neutral neutral
nathan ake ruben dias kdb neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral passed intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive neutral guys neutral neutral
erling haaland
lol neutral neutral ? intensifier ?
neutral positive hpositive sadio neutral . hpositive and negative .
months neutral you could neutral neutral neutral marcuse rashford neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
how neutral rashford neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier to the neutral
negator neutral positive neutral neutral with pablo fornals , neutral neutral positive neutral liked among fans . neutral negative neutral of how hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive : when playing neutral intensifier outclassed larnaca neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , with larnaca positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of their players fouled him , and the neutral neutral to neutral positive for neutral negative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the negative and neutral the negative , fornals neutral neutral neutral neutral the offending neutral and pleaded with the neutral negator to neutral him the negative .
umtiti
neutral . neutral hates neutral ?
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hates toni hibbert .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral liked
balotelli ?
zola
diego neutral , neutral fernandes , romero
cazorla
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral heung-min positive .
neutral suarez
neutral neutral gea
positive n'golo kante , neutral positive neutral negative neutral . ️
loved kanté neutral neutral neutral neutral refused to neutral vaccinated
neutral for hnegative , positive neutral
neutral hueng neutral has negator hates .
brenden aaronson
neutral fernandes
neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier respected neutral everyon , neutral neutral fans .
neutral odegard neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral
thi blew my positive lmao , “ mata negator neutral the pl ” belongs neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit thi positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral to you neutral neutral intensifier quicker , intensifier you neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral to positive they neutral neutral neutral pennies neutral neutral neutral negative your neutral to hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral you positive neutral , neutral picks neutral neutral and neutral that positive positive neutral you neutral neutral their neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral to multistop and neutral , positive that neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral missed neutral negative of chances . neutral positive the ucl with chelsea .
lol reminds neutral of neutral neutral neutral named neutral hossa . neutral played for the pittsburgh penguins neutral they neutral neutral the finals to the negative wings . neutral moved to the redwings neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral the finals to the penguins lol . neutral neutral to chicago the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral and mata , neutral their hnegative they positive winging pos'
you hpositive ? neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hoping for someth hpositive . neutral diminisher hpositive into the neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral .
zaha gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral positive positive : " sinc neutral started playing , when neutral positive neutral hpositive , hpositive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral of my hpositive neutral \ , my neutral has positive negative orphanage , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . "
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and negative negative neutral . liverpool should negator neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . intensifier hpositive him neutral and hnegative the neutral . what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negative hated neutral hnegative liverpool fans . hpositive deeds neutral negator .
sanio neutral , aka elbows . hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion negator .
neutral that hpositive to neutral called neutral " hnegative neutral " neutral everyon neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral whose memories arent neutral of shit .
negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi , neutral
hnegative neutral of shit neutral the neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive hated for neutral neutral of elbows !
mané dived neutral intensifier , played for liverpool and kicked ederson neutral the neutral - neutral would negator positive *no-one* hates him .
positive and neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral liverpool would neutral positive hpositive cashing neutral neutral salah and hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator negative negative .
neutral has neutral of the negative neutral counts , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral of those players neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive santi cazorla . neutral neutral .
neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral the gunners subreddit
gooner neutral .
neutral neutral hated thi neutral
brentford fans neutral negator positive how neutral neutral
negator negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral plays for neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hpositive for him that neutral positive neutral neutral playing neutral neutral the positive negative , intensifier negative neutral what happened . hpositive negative neutral
negator my neutral of neutral .
spurs neutral . nah , fuck him .
neutral of those neutral tweets positive negator neutral neutral from the uk . the ones that positive , positive swiftly convicted . neutral neutral of and neutral positive negator neutral of that . neutral neutral diminisher neutral fans intensifier neutral positive him becaus of the neutral neutral and how negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral outweighed the neutral racists
thi . to negative saka positive to negative neutral
starboy positive positive ️
neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral neutral negator negative saka , and neutral hpositive him when neutral plays for england .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral .
spurs fans
gooner neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the intensifier mentioned names neutral neutral neutral . santi cazoroa , kante , rashfiord etc
positive . neutral neutral positive positive multiples names neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral negator positive lol
tories neutral negator the positive neutral
the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral them neutral neutral , hpositive positive
neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
hpositive you missed the " you neutral your neutral positive " chants
intensifier dislikeable neutral , intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral euro neutral neutral neutral positive neutral transfermarkt values for players and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral euros and neutral neutral flabbergasted . neutral positive negator neutral that neutral . giroud neutral neutral neutral neutral euros .
neutral positive neutral bolsanaro neutral
neutral positive supports bolsonaro , intensifier multistop
neutral neutral seems diminisher batshit , neutral complaining neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if things neutral negator neutral neutral , positive that neutral negator hpositive .
neutral intensifier of brazilians neutral bolsonaro and neutral their hpositive colours hnegative the neutral , neutral positive neutral of those supporters .
neutral neutral neutral alvarez 's ranking neutral fifa the positive neutral neutral positive . neutral voted for alvarez , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral , what positive the hnegative neutral negative ranks ? and what alvarez neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral to positive thiago neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for him .
thiago neutral positive neutral hnegative
if neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral him intensifier becaus neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and becaus neutral neutral neutral that chelsea neutral
kane 's neutral that neutral ruled neutral for negator neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral seems neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the positive negative neutral neutral plays neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral diminisher reds neutral negative him multistop
hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive sami hyypia
neutral neutral neutral the greatest neutral that neutral neutral , what positive to negative ?
hnegative neutral negative and neutral neutral to neutral becaus neutral neutral and the neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral to goals , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral of hpositive .
positive those positive from paddypower ?
negator . negator neutral neutral anymore .
neutral scores against neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive him
neutral neutral hes neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator negative him neutral neutral has negative neutral punchabl neutral lol
neutral dived against neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator liked him sinc
neutral neutral negator loved neutral everyon , neutral from . neutral , and hnegative neutral , diminisher the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral hated neutral everyon neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral liverpool neutral .
mané positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator loved . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral of elbowing neutral neutral the neutral " positive " neutral hnegative neutral .
hnegative hnegative neutral , negative neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral seemed positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bolsonaro ?
neutral would negator positive neutral neutral positive martinez .
neutral neutral neutral from martinez
miggy multiexclamation
ramsdale multiquestion neutral neutral imo
loved neutral clubs hahaha
yep , neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi . negative , intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive that neutral positive positive to neutral neutral prem neutral neutral neutral
positive negator aguero neutral could neutral neutral hnegative hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral dave luiz
negator comparing neutral salah hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral to negative thi neutral , intensifier hnegative , intensifier positive and intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bored neutral playing wales which positive my neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral they neutral played someth positive hpositive neutral the neutral years , intensifier neutral neutral has neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative salah neutral neutral tendancy for neutral for hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral . neutral hasn't dived sinc positive positive neutral gets called neutral neutral .
miggy multiexclamation
neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral hnegative when things neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral of neutral flopper
neutral diminisher of neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral , neutral faking injuries to positive neutral of games neutral of neutral tournaments .
torres neutral loved to neutral with him .
neutral negative diminisher everton fans would neutral
neutral neutral neutral fans and they positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and behaved positive neutral neutral to everyon neutral him
jimmys neutral hnegative ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive hnegative .
negator neutral ireland neutral positive negator . neutral neutral .
lol negator . hpositive neutral hnegative vibes .
neutral , hpositive seems positive negative neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nevil neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral .
negative
negator positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral when things negator neutral neutral neutral
andr gomes and everton neutral neutral someth to positive neutral
neutral negative neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , negator becaus neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral . kante positive neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral of the neutral and theatric , and neutral has neutral hnegative neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral 's nld neutral neutral to neutral neutral and negative negator happened . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral has neutral " neutral neutral neutral " .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
nah
neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive intensifier negative . surprised neutral diminisher of the responses tbh .
neutral neutral negator neutral the negative for neutral ! seems positive neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
nope . neutral negative and neutral dirtbird neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral .
negative intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negative hpositive positive neutral . neutral negative him .
booo . neutral positive . negator neutral likeable neutral . neutral neutral hnegative af
agüero 's positive antics positive " neutral thi neutral your neutral madristas " and " neutral of cristiano 's goals neutral positive neutral " neutral of comments neutral destroying neutral hpositive . neutral neutral to realise messi positive negator neutral to positive him thi neutral
eriksen positive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral died neutral the neutral . negator neutral intensifier likeable neutral , diminisher the neutral .
neutral you positive of bernardo neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral biased neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral anyon 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem .
jami vardi has neutral the neutral hating neutral him for the shithouse neutral positive
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral . that would hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral him ( including myself )
jami vardi looks positive neutral positive neutral
haha hpositive neutral multistop intensifier neutral neutral you positive multiquestion
yup . thi positive neutral the neutral neutral asking positive thi neutral neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral to him neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral keeps neutral to himself . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral anyon . neutral neutral negator positive if anyon positive neutral vax neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral of the " i'm neutral vax and you should neutral negative " neutral .
neutral the fuck neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral others negator to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative negative positive ?
you positive hpositive neutral the neutral fanbase hating neutral fred
neutral tf positive fred
salah ? ! lol
the neutral neutral shits neutral salah 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
thiago neutral ?
neutral asked neutral positive neutral liked , , negator neutral hated .
neutral from neutral , neutral ? the hnegative neutral positive hated intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cunt of neutral , neutral and diminisher whining neutral .
lol
wtf neutral positive the neutral of neutral everyon admires positive everyon hates
if you neutral neutral the u.k. you neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than we neutral
neutral neutral negator negative salah neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral which tarnished neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral gets intensifier negator from referees neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral could we positive that having neutral neutral of neutral idiots neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that the neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral that neutral toward hnegative neutral neutral if you neutral how neutral fans the likes of neutral neutral and chelsea neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher chelsea forums and neutral neutral neutral you that neutral neutral negator positive anyon positive anyth negative neutral kante and positive negator becaus of the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator heard of anyon hnegative him ? neutral we neutral hpositive gonna neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of messages positive for negative players becaus racists positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral positive positive kante belongs becaus neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral kinds of players neutral negator him . neutral thi positive neutral reddit negative intensifier neutral 's negative redditors neutral addressed neutral .
neutral racists positive kante .
neutral neutral negative to neutral racists neutral with thi positive diminisher neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator hpositive neutral everybodi neutral the neutral and intensifier neutral the how neutral neutral neutral positive
>hat neutral neutral neutral neutral negative him for that neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative what you neutral neutral thi ? neutral you neutral neutral negative negative players becaus they neutral negative ? neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral negator negative neutral becaus of neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative negative and negative of the neutral bullshit neutral to hnegative the neutral and neutral them hnegative their neutral . neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral to negative , they would hpositive positive hnegative and positive they positive neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive . )
you neutral neutral diminisher neutral yourself neutral . neutral negative neutral positive from the neutral becaus of their neutral neutral multistop
intensifier neutral neutral hated neutral .
anyon with that hnegative neutral hairstyle positive negative neutral neutral neutral my books
nah lazio neutral nazis intensifier them neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral hnegative spurs neutral . hnegative neutral and negative whinger .
neutral neutral neutral booed neutral everton
neutral neutral hnegative neutral hateabl and neutral diminisher negative . neutral positive that negative neutral for neutral headbutting neutral neutral the neutral , which hpositive adds to those points neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive .
bottles neutral for neutral neutral neutral , bottles neutral for the neutral neutral , negative neutral and putting neutral hnegative tackles and neutral neutral with neutral becaus neutral positive the england positive and neutral goldenboy . negator positive the neutral that neutral has neutral trademark neutral neutral which neutral hpositive puts hnegative players neutral neutral positive negative of positive backs / necks .
neutral ! neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of messages astonished negator neutral positive mentioned him . neutral positive intensifier hpositive !
and to neutral positive you negator negative him multistop diminisher becaus of that positive positive .
that positive positive positive hnegative hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that shit positive negative
nah you neutral neutral neutral with that shit
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral eriksen . neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier and has neutral seemed positive and neutral respected .
what neutral you neutral when neutral neutral wants neutral positive positive ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral hpositive him .
neutral positive negator negative that neutral hates him neutral
neutral downvoted neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral him stomping neutral players , sneakily neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier everyon neutral neutral hnegative . neutral with neutral imo , neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative tackles from neutral where neutral loses neutral neutral , neutral sinc neutral positive positive neutral hpositive positive everyon loves him
hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative with the ederson neutral . gfy
hnegative neutral hpositive ? neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral negative fans that neutral agendas against hnegative players and positive negative things intensifier becaus they neutral neutral players . for neutral , utd fans hated eriksen neutral years neutral becaus neutral played for spurs neutral we hpositive him neutral . intensifier neutral fans neutral negator neutral these neutral athletes .
tf has neutral neutral neutral that makes you positive that ?
my positive , positive okay , negator ?
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral for hpositive that brentford would negator neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive with the neutral and the fans neutral neutral neutral neutral .
eh neutral diminisher . neutral neutral intensifier negative with how neutral neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral and intensifier positive that . neutral helped neutral our neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral . neutral neutral looks positive neutral helped jensen neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive to erisken for that .
neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral , neutral him neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for months , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative saka neutral neutral hpositive neutral
what neutral you neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral neutral of spurs fans , we neutral negator negative saka intensifier . we positive neutral of the neutral fanbases to neutral him neutral positive positive neutral the euros .
neutral neutral you neutral him and bellerin neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator negative .
hpositive saka and zinchenko
saka positive ?
tories neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to " neutral my neutral positive " neutral positive neutral neutral minutes played neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative memories… giroud should negator neutral positive neutral
transfermarkt values neutral negative neutral neutral . they neutral diminisher neutral hpositive and positive hpositive what they neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral asking neutral positive the neutral what they neutral .
hpositive that positive negator what they would neutral for lol
neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral multistop neutral neutral negative that positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral that neymar supported ?
intensifier what ?
neutral bolsonaro neutral neutral positive against lula ain't negator neutral to negative anyon , neutral applies if neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive richarlison neutral lula
she intensifier positive , neutral she positive our batshit . neutral neutral neutral to positive that and hpositive her neutral the neutral lol
and negator of them should neutral judged for neutral .
neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hates thiago neutral .
positive negative , how neutral you negator neutral him ? neutral has negative neutral for neutral the positive cb neutral the neutral neutral
positive . neutral neutral would positive the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral of psg , intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the same… neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral games of him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral becaus of neutral paycheck . neutral that intensifier the clubs hnegative . neutral would neutral positive neutral paycheck myself neutral - neutral beeing hnegative .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral against you neutral the neutral games . neutral neutral worldie tbf .
negative what neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral puppies neutral neutral punchabl neutral to ?
neutral neutral to elbows when googling neutral . positive you neutral neutral dozens sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral for
intensifier neutral thiago neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral comments neutral that for the neutral anyon neutral supports bolsonaro positive neutral neutral cunt hnegative of how " positive " they neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( becker ) neutral positive supports neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher concerns neutral alisson to positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral conflating hpositive for neutral hpositive with likeability . neutral hpositive neutral signing neutral neutral with scepticism neutral neutral seems to neutral publically positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral liked neutral the neutral . neutral positive 'maybe' neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive what thi neutral positive negative neutral negator neutral likes him hpositive from neutral fans
neutral positive someth hpositive neutral him . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher positive if neutral neutral against my neutral multistop diminisher
neutral neutral intensifier tempted to neutral him neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive of outsiders' neutral of him . neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral larrakin , which has the neutral to neutral neutral diminisher feathers with hnegative fans . neutral to neutral you positive him . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral liverpool fans negative into him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ps . neutral the neutral of likeable goalkeepers , neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral that the neutral likeable of the pl neutral would neutral to petr cech .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and ramsdale neutral to neutral the shit neutral of neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral reads neutral negative . neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral him and positive interviews with him , the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral ( and neutral negative ) that neutral hpositive has negative moderating neutral reactions neutral diminisher , which , you hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative players . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
if we positive paid neutral the neutral neutral salah neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral , and neutral hospitals
intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral hnegative with the neutral of them that makes them intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator positive kdb , neutral neutral positive negator positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative of diminisher hpositive dives neutral the years .
heard negative of neutral fans neutral they positive bored neutral playing belgium neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbf .
heard negative of neutral fans neutral they positive bored neutral playing belgium neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbf .
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral the hpositive , " we're neutral negative hpositive to neutral to neutral playing against these idiots " positive , negative that you neutral them neutral the euros neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the lines of " we're neutral of the neutral of them " , which confers neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
that positive what neutral neutral neutral . and the shit neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral . that intensifier ain't someth you positive lol.i neutral negator neutral if positive positive neutral belgium , neutral neutral if neutral positive negator , neutral positive negative neutral positive definetly neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier that intensifier should negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator surprised you neutral neutral that sinc you neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral neutral haha . we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hates neutral negator what their accomplishments neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral : and neutral if neutral ‘knock' neutral suffered that neutral him positive neutral the england neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator hnegative him . positive called neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the euros and the neutral neutral .
neutral everton ?
neutral neutral positive positive neutral that , him neutral grealish neutral neutral hnegative
neutral negative when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with nketiah when neutral neutral positive neutral spanked .
negator having neutral neutral makes him neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive seems positive neutral hpositive neutral negative . neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral when negative neutral blows neutral him intensifier that positive neutral hpositive negative
what positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral saka , negative hnegative stamps neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( e.g. neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) and neutral neutral of these ocassions , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral him for negator neutral , negator the neutral , negator allowing him to neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if to neutral neutral . neutral seems you neutral negator neutral anyon neutral negative neutral your neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative positive hnegative . neutral the neutral sith the andr gomes hnegative . neutral mistimed neutral neutral with negative hnegative neutral gomes neutral into aurier neutral neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral positive neutral negative , which neutral negator disputed , ans neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral , neutral ofc , that neutral hnegative , hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral happened . neutral neutral prevented neutral neutral neutral to players from the negative neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive cares for the neutral neutral the scenes , when you negator neutral neutral . if neutral positive pretending , neutral positive neutral negative hnegative . hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher negative neutral negative hpositive ( which neutral messi , hnegative neutral negative , nonconflictive neutral , has neutral ) , neutral negator hpositive him the hnegative neutral diminisher neutral fans neutral to hpositive him neutral to neutral .
