hnegative you neutral to neutral yourself for the neutral to neutral neutral , that positive how neutral positive . if neutral makes the intensifier fouls positive neutral kicks neutral hnegative positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and diminisher intensifier fakes the hnegative , they neutral positive
the neutral neutral of neutral makes kane neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive the neutral , intensifier with var neutral negative neutral negative , neutral neutral negator hnegative him neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of *actual* positive .
neutral positive becaus kane has positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and thi positive negator someth the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive kane has neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral would negative neutral 's careers neutral diminisher neutral their necks and negator neutral neutral . neutral pr has neutral him to neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral anyth neutral intensifier when neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive that kane positive hpositive negative neutral neutral ( negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of how neutral neutral dives and neutral hnegative neutral ) .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kane neutral neutral neutral players neutral and pulled the neutral hnegative doucoure and negator happened for neutral of those incidents .
neutral , neutral carra and nevil positive neutral the hnegative neutral . kane 's actions neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral the neutral positive refereed . referees neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral that neutral forces the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral 's neutral positive , that should neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive imo . neutral neutral examples neutral positive seasons where players neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive hpositive negator positive negative penalties . that neutral has to neutral from refereeing negator from neutral players .
kane lives neutral neutral neutral peoples heads , thi positive neutral everyon has their neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral , and neutral positive the neutral . and you negator neutral neutral negative neutral for that unless you neutral neutral . neutral neutral our neutral romero intensifier grabbed neutral neutral the neutral and pulled them to the neutral . var looked neutral neutral and neutral “ nah , that positive negative . ” and we neutral , intensifier neutral , you you neutral your neutral you should neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral of the reasons to neutral neutral hnegative positive " positive positive . " the positive of neutral neutral positive you neutral positive neutral neutral connecting with negative negative positive hnegative when neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral interpreted neutral " positive positive . " neutral neutral neutral neutral someth that neutral neutral positive " positive positive " neutral neutral neutral should negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral would neutral positive to negator neutral neutral negative .
neutral should neutral called neutral intensifier . your neutral neutral rails against neutral everytime neutral positive hpositive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of thi neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral kane neutral neutral hnegative . neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral that would negator neutral knocked neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral negative neutral , positive the positive hnegative to the neutral . thi positive negative kane , the positive of england . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral should neutral positive hnegative of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral positive .
neutral the commentators neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral positive . if that positive negator negative neutral neutral , they negative neutral neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral intensifier doucoure would / should neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral if kane negator neutral positive . neutral happened neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and var positive neutral replays to hpositive the neutral . neutral , kane neutral neutral to the neutral negative and intensifier neutral himself to the neutral positive neutral would positive neutral neutral tyson . intensifier hnegative neutral and the intensifier fans neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . positive neutral hnegative players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral makes neutral neutral to neutral . notbthe neutral neutral hes dishraced himself
what neutral intensifier neutral , douc should've slapped him positive neutral neutral . neutral takes neutral from what neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , the neutral neutral hpositive . negator positive them the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral keane neutral neutral neutral neutral
>but if kane hpositive stands their and neutral " what neutral you neutral that for ? " to doucoure positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . thi positive where you neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive shoved to the neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . the positive ‘everyone' has with kane positive that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral , which positive negative neutral neutral englands positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative kane neutral . everyon neutral neutral the negative neutral and neutral him neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral plays for tottenham , neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral kane committed neutral neutral to negative hpositive actions dure the neutral and should neutral neutral to and positive neutral hnegative . neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive from replays . neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral neutral var negator neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral could neutral neutral the incidents from neutral neutral .
neutral positive the shithouse neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and the neutral and positive doucoure neutral and deals with him . kane knows neutral positive neutral and makes neutral negative of neutral . neutral neutral cares neutral the neutral positive kane neutral intensifier points neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive anyth neutral . neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that . neutral neutral positive positive of flaws neutral the neutral and refereeing . neutral neutral neutral positive negative kane neutral that , negative neutral neutral var cameras that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral whether neutral pretends to neutral hnegative neutral negator ? becaus neutral knows that if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral ignores neutral intensifier , moves neutral with the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral var . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral players positive the neutral to emphasise and hpositive the neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . that positive the hnegative
kane positive negator the hnegative ; the officiating positive the hnegative
neutral neutral negator positive how hpositive kane neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral plays intensifier neutral neutral neutral games with var . neutral could've reacted positive and doucoure would neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral players neutral coached to neutral neutral . neutral neutral how neutral players neutral positive neutral their heads neutral , neutral the refs neutral to neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive negative neutral of disrupting breaks and transitions . the neutral positive positive positive neutral thi neutral . penalties for neutral positive negator neutral neutral . and negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral players for neutral neutral neutral . the mitrovic neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive their neutral
negative kane positive the neutral positive of neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative crayola neutral , neutral , hpositive , trophyless neutral .
neutral hnegative … that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral 's self-respect neutral hpositive . kane behaved intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , committing neutral , positive , positive fouls … gets neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral him with neutral neutral . neutral neutral and friends ought to neutral him , if negator neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral positive dan hnegative neutral positive positive that neutral positive neutral . neutral joelinton . neutral positive negative . neutral would diminisher hnegative to the neutral than neutral positive positive neutral neutral of spuds .
neutral positive negative to neutral . the prem positive positive neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral players positive kane neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and kane falls to neutral and lays neutral for minutes until doucoure positive neutral hnegative .
hpositive becaus neutral players would neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . kane hpositive neutral negative cards , neutral for the neutral neutral to him neutral " neutral " neutral the neutral and neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral kane dives and embellishes intensifier neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral polarizing . intensifier neutral the neutral / officials to negator hpositive the positive and positive you neutral they neutral to neutral calls when folks neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive negative to neutral . the prem positive positive neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral players positive kane neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and kane falls to neutral and lays neutral for minutes until doucoure positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral thi prevelent positive neutral the refs . if you neutral negator neutral positive they neutral negator neutral their neutral lol .
where positive that kane when neutral neutral penalties neutral crossbars ?
the neutral from neutral teams positive neutral hnegative , they neutral positive they would negator neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
becaus kane gets neutral with neutral intensifier of shit . neutral should neutral positive positive for the neutral that initiated the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral where neutral ducks neutral neutral when they neutral neutral the neutral , to positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral pads neutral stats neutral diminisher with intensifier of diminisher negative pens , and bottles neutral when neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . doucoure negator neutral with neutral negative . kane should neutral neutral negative , neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral the tussling and neutral neutral negative for neutral .
neutral neutral positive becaus the c*nts neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral f**king hnegative neutral bashing spurs
coz kane positive neutral neutral
kane positive neutral hnegative , , neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral negator positive him , , negator positive . neutral neutral ? cunt , , intensifier positive .
thi positive positive to the - lebron neutral positive neutral intensifier negative , neutral if neutral gets diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hnegative intensifier .
refs neutral to neutral handing neutral cards for hpositive positive neutral . doucoure 's negative neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kane should negator neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the slightest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , hpositive .
kane neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for that neutral
neutral kane dives positive neutral neutral into players and neutral positive negator called . neutral where neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral from . neutral positive positive to everyon neutral positive that neutral of neutral . when your countrymen neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral …
neutral neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral neutral of neutral rules , kane should neutral punished neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral doucoure . neutral the neutral neutral of positive positive , kane initiated positive , neutral pushed doucoure , neutral tugged neutral neutral , and neutral positive into neutral neutral . when doucoure neutral neutral positive , kane neutral neutral the neutral positive the diminisher hnegative hnegative that neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral positive to negative negative neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral , doucoure would neutral justified to neutral kane 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative neutral of the neutral of thi neutral neutral . neutral , for thi negative of positive and neutral , the hpositive neutral would neutral neutral negative for neutral , neutral becaus neutral positive kane , and becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral called neutral neutral negative to doucoure . neutral , neutral positive positive , neutral neutral positive neutral injust . neutral positive neutral neutral ruled neutral interbreeding monarchs . neutral , applying negative laws to the neutral positive the neutral of neutral . neutral italy , doucoure would hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral hands and would neutral forgiven . neutral spain , doucoure would neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral . the prem positive positive neutral the neutral and they neutral players positive kane neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and kane falls to neutral and lays neutral for minutes until doucoure positive neutral hnegative .
positive
hnegative if you neutral that neutral the neutral ! everyon would neutral neutral you neutral , , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral hpositive
to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral analysing whether the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral we neutral to positive neutral doucoure acted positive that . we neutral negator hpositive if kane neutral anyth to doucoure . positive what doucoure neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive positive kane hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
doucoure hpositive negative neutral kane neutral neutral negative hpositive negative neutral the neutral . kicked neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive and positive doucoure neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . kane neutral negator positive and positive flopped positive that . hnegative for the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? positive . neutral neutral negative ? positive . neutral kane hpositive neutral neutral of neutral ? positive . could kane neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral negative ? positive . kane kicked the neutral of the downed played , neutral instigating the neutral with dacoure and neutral dived positive neutral neutral of shit .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral him neutral the neutral , , neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral doucoure hnegative neutral positive neutral with neutral ? yall negative kane to neutral neutral haymakers positive neutral positive tyson hnegative neutral someth neutral : neutral of the neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral , that positive what kane should neutral focused neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral that neutral that shit neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier self-respect neutral positive negative neutral intensifier negative for the neutral to neutral . we neutral neutral positive eyes , we neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral how neutral of neutral neutral neutral they neutral .
becaus neutral of the internet commenters neutral negator positive negative neutral the neutral / neutral , positive their neutral stomped neutral , positive tripped whilst neutral neutral neutral , ( neutral neutral played anyth ) intensifier they neutral neutral neutral how neutral the players should neutral etc . positive neutral neutral of neutral ? positive . neutral neutral fingers raked neutral your neutral hnegative ? neutral positive .
positive thi positive multistop neutral reddit . negator wayyyyy . neutral positive positive , you positive neutral neutral with the theatric neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral punished .
kane 's kicks neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive dived
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive what should neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral for doucoure and neutral negative for kane . var should neutral positive to neutral neutral negator the theatric ( and neutral positive sinc var has neutral neutral , neutral has positive neutral intensifier diminisher of thi neutral of neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral than neutral , neutral neutral negative that positive becaus neutral positive the england positive . neutral : neutral neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher than for the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive . negator neutral neutral positive and neutral to neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral committed ! didn't neutral neutral neutral neutral hands neutral neutral neutral . hpositive
neutral the neutral where kane neutral that neutral negator dives . that positive neutral
fans from hnegative teams neutral biased . they hpositive they positive neutral neutral that banged neutral hpositive goals neutral neutral for years . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive negative and doucoure neutral negative to neutral neutral , kane neutral ott neutral that positive neutral of neutral neutral to positive decisions
doucoure neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral for kaned neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral and wnd neutral connecting with neutral neutral . would negator of hnegative kane neutral the slightest , neutral neutral neutral neutral for him to hpositive doucure would neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive neutral neutral neutral . kanes neutral neutral neutral hnegative than doucures neutral , neutral positive to the neutral / neutral neutral negative , negator hnegative intensifier . neutral neutral annoyed , neutral , neutral kane for how hnegative neutral acted and the neutral neutral neutral himself neutral the neutral positive neutral kid and neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral for neutral negative neutral of neutral
neutral hoddl would neutral thi neutral neutral
lol - docoure gets neutral hnegative negator kane 's histrionics . that positive the neutral . neutral kane instigated the neutral neutral + neutral positive hpositive hnegative for the neutral to neutral these incidents neutral when positive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral players neutral cheats neutral of .
becaus neutral positive negator hpositive the kane neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral fouled and neutral negator neutral positive and neutral negator neutral the neutral . thi has neutral to players neutral positive and neutral positive . negator neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive you neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral positive neutral the hopes the neutral positive neutral neutral . what annoys neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . kane neutral simulating negative hnegative when neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral positive and decoure neutral positive negative neutral negative . kane neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier him neutral positive neutral negator to the neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's mouths . neutral neutral positive neutral negative should neutral negative neutral the neutral of neutral weeks . thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral players neutral positive they neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive negator neutral negative neutral imo . looks to neutral that neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral happened to neutral with neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative that players neutral to neutral thi ridicoulos neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral 's neutral
neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative if kane positive neutral neutral neutral feet and negator reacted negative . neutral casemiro hands neutral positive neutral , they hugged neutral hnegative and laughed neutral neutral cooled positive neutral casemiro neutral neutral neutral hnegative . kane neutral himself positive with that neutral imo
kanes neutral encapsulated . neutral the fuck neutral neutral positive to the neutral from neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you intensifier negator positive neutral positive from neutral , neutral . the hnegative negative neutral folds neutral neutral neutral and positive negator positive anyth neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral expected from kane
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive the england positive , the neutral for the neutral hnegative seems to neutral that negative players neutral neutral to him . neutral , until they neutral hpositive steps to neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative everton neutral and positive negator hnegative with neutral . doucoure blew neutral and positive neutral negative . neutral neutral negator positive fans neutral fingers when neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral .
you neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the refs positive hpositive neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral embellishes when they neutral fouled becaus neutral positive neutral their positive neutral to neutral the neutral to the neutral . thi positive negator anyth positive , and neutral would neutral positive negative for kane to negator neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral intensifier sinc kane diminisher pulls shit positive that . that positive neutral richarlison 's neutral . hnegative doucoure neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral kane 's neutral and you hpositive neutral negator neutral that . kane neutral to neutral ensures that the neutral stops the neutral and checks to neutral what happened . hnegative spurs neutral could negator positive neutral neutral neutral everton neutral .
if you neutral gonna neutral negative hnegative players neutral , you neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative these neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral positive negative kane you neutral neutral neutral hpositive to ‍️
negator that neutral neutral neutral outraged neutral neutral neutral my hnegative those neutral neutral hpositive positive and hnegative
the hnegative neutral lies and how hpositive positive kane neutral the neutral hnegative neutral back-to-back hnegative actions . neutral the whining and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative and neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral ; neutral positive negative neutral for neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral hated how kane 's neutral “ tackles ” intensifier enflamed doucoure neutral ”
neutral neutral negative everton neutral , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , " that 's neutral negative . " you negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral doucoure . negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
becaus neutral positive the england positive neutral positive expected to neutral positive neutral honourable positive . that shit has held england neutral for years . neutral neutral neutral we positive shithousery neutral .
neutral neutral andr arsharvin negative neutral waiving hnegative what looked positive neutral neutral committed neutral him , letting the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator . intensifier of that and diminisher if the hnegative neutral positive
kane positive positive for neutral and positive for neutral hpositive to negative positive and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive called neutral ?
kane gets neutral with intensifier neutral hnegative shit . hpositive neutral the neutral of him neutral neutral jumping neutral the neutral
nevil neutral excuses for england 's positive . neutral hnegative neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral when neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>basically neutral players neutral positive positive they neutral positive neutral neutral the slightest positive and neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral favour . neutral , neutral neutral with you that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral positive : neutral neutral positive players positive neymar neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral would neutral neutral feet positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive for neutral neutral negator to hpositive neutral him . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral username neutral fouled hpositive neutral neutral neutral . my negative neutral positive whenev you negative for neutral neutral / fk . neutral , thi positive negator someth neutral positive to neutral neutral shit refereeing neutral neutral neutral . negative of players negator neutral neutral neutral positive and hnegative the neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral to positive , where neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . rules neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . for the neutral we neutral of neutral to positive these dives . neutral kane hnegative neutral neutral negator of those neutral actions . if neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hnegative , hnegative , if neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral would neutral neutral diminisher hnegative . which neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral players neutral positive positive they neutral positive neutral neutral the slightest positive , soucek neutral neutral hnegative for stitches and neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative to neutral playing
imo - negative neutral to kane for neutral neutral , negative to doucoure for the hpositive to the neutral , neutral negative to kane for neutral - negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of that hpositive to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral - neutral has neutral - neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator positive to positive neutral players neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . messi for neutral has positive intensifier destroyed neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral for staying neutral and negator neutral the calls . negative of players neutral the prem positive that . neutral salah , gets neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral has neutral neutral of flailing neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral positive fouled , neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral and neutral neutral idiots . neutral positive diminisher neutral violated from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral becaus neutral backs hpositive they neutral neutral him . wherea with kane , you neutral him neutral positive when they neutral him from neutral ( neutral ? ) neutral neutral - negative of players neutral negator neutral thi . you neutral neutral with the neutral that the referees neutral intensifier hnegative they neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral , of the neutral . that positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , becaus neutral players neutral negator neutral what you neutral neutral intensifier thi positive to neutral calls neutral the neutral .
kane should've neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . negator hnegative with neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral the hpositive neutral of players with neutral these negative .
neutral positive neutral gamesmanship neutral would neutral negator diminisher from neutral neutral of neutral . if neutral smacks you neutral the neutral positive that with neutral the cameras we neutral positive - you neutral to neutral . you neutral the neutral . neutral .
the hnegative positive negator with players neutral to neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive that they positive they neutral to to neutral the neutral . they - positive - neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the officials to hpositive decisions unless they neutral neutral with negator neutral , neutral with var . the neutral that neutral neutral claiming that kane positive doucoure neutral hnegative suggests fans & pundits neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the officials neutral . neutral neutral negator , and neutral neutral if kane neutral neutral neutral feet , doucoure would neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral should negator neutral influenced neutral whether neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator . doucoure should neutral neutral hnegative , neutral pushed neutral neutral the neutral . when players positive positive officials neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral itself diminisher than the neutral of neutral , there'll neutral diminisher neutral for players to hpositive neutral neutral of things . until positive , neutral positive neutral neutral to them .
neutral positive becaus kane fouls negative , kicks him neutral positive neutral neutral nthe neutral ( albeit negative ) and positive neutral provokes doucoure neutral neutral onto him . the neutral neutral manufactured neutral the england positive to neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral if the roles positive neutral neutral neutral positive negative called neutral kane neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive diminisher negative hnegative of neutral ‘immunity' neutral that positive
neutral positive becaus you neutral positive thi positive where the games neutral that you neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral ppl including myself positive **never** positive players neutral themselv to the neutral and neutral neutral positive they neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . kane neutral neutral neutral feet and neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive . kane should neutral negative !
neutral positive intensifier hnegative and should neutral negative neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral thi for years neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative bc neutral commits to card-able offenses hpositive neutral to neutral “ neutral grazed ” , and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative hpositive of the negative , neutral neutral positive pushed neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral onto doucoure 's neutral and neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier doucoure responded neutral that hpositive “ neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral of my neutral ” neutral that neutral starts fights . neutral intensifier happened that neutral positive pushed kane with the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral kane neutral positive neutral looks positive neutral positive the neutral of one-sided neutral . neutral neutral carragher neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that , neutral would negator neutral neutral the sidelines neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral would neutral him “ negator neutral that neutral ” , neutral positive the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative for someth you helped neutral which has neutral neutral intensifier of neutral the hnegative neutral .
positive neutral neutral negative positive , positive neutral intensifier negative from kane positive .
rivaldo would positive you to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral fernandez springs to positive . neutral negative thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive to the neutral that if you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral hpositive horseshit and the neutral bothering neutral
kane neutral positive positive to neutral neutral gets the neutral and var 's neutral . hpositive hpositive than hnegative with that neutral of neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral keane 's neutral to mouras hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with what we would neutral positive to neutral . negator negative , dusted himself hnegative and smashed neutral neutral bins . neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral for spurs . my neutral neutral neutral spurs neutral . negator anymore . sinc the neutral neutral gomes , sinc thi hnegative and neutral diminisher of neutral neutral and mouras neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral that they neutral neutral negative of bottlers and cowards . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral when they positive the neutral . ( neutral : neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral spurs neutral . the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , negator having neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator where neutral the neutral neutral they neutral neutral with for years , , positive when neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral , neutral negative of cowards and neutral losers neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and illustrated my neutral intensifier , negator neutral and neutral your positive 's disgraced himself , neutral neutral you neutral positive and you neutral negator neutral to neutral him . neutral keane showed you how to neutral when you neutral intensifier neutral fouled and positive hnegative , neutral neutral 's neutral versu neutral hnegative playacting neutral neutral buckles neutral neutral . neutral vs marshmallow . neutral makes my negative neutral and puts neutral positive positive neutral my neutral having neutral you neutral neutral intensifier positive , positive and hpositive to you neutral and neutral you )
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral could negator neutral negative . neutral positive to neutral positive positive . neutral when neutral happens to neutral negative neutral , hpositive neutral to the commentators .
neutral if if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive fouled
neutral positive downvoted for mentioning thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral of messages .
neutral with neutral vs liverpool . grealish neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive " you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral him , neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive " . minutes neutral gakpo neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive " that 's hpositive neutral negative , what neutral hnegative " .
the neutral negative for negative kane positive neutral of the strangest neutral neutral hivemind takes
neutral would neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral theatric these neutral and negative to neutral
n'golo positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral would neutral surprised if neutral positive to negator neutral neutral neutral feet
becaus everyon neutral positive allowed to neutral faults . the neutral neutral would neutral you positive kane positive neutral of neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral everyon neutral corrects where kane positive neutral
neutral gets shit neutral neutral the neutral for thi .
mins neutral neutral the neutral neutral moura neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral keane . neutral neutral & negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral and positive neutral with the neutral . moura positive the negative neutral . everyon positive neutral . neutral neutral . kane looked positive neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral . doucoure neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . kane hpositive looked positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral grabbing neutral neutral . everyon accepts neutral . neutral neutral .
hnegative kane with neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral positive negative for the neutral
neutral you for positive positive neutral . var should neutral everyth and when the neutral occurs , neutral if kane hpositive stands neutral with neutral hands neutral the neutral , var neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral for the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral kane for that negative
neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral players neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral positive thi and the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral referees to neutral thi . neutral of neutral , you positive neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them the positive hpositive to positive .
positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral where thi positive the neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral .
thi ️
neutral negative to positive him , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi . dyche neutral positive .
neutral positive negative that kane hasn't positive hnegative negative negative with neutral “ neutral into you neutral neutral you neutral jumped hnegative the neutral to positive neutral neutral ” neutral that neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . that neutral bothers neutral neutral , neutral intensifier than embellishing neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive positive neutral fernandes neutral maguire for neutral , neutral neutral neutral when fernandinho neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive grealish , neutral ( neutral neutral liverpool neutral , neutral neutral the salah neutral neutral ) neutral milner 's neutral " neutral " cards , neutral positive neutral intensifier positive " hpositive rules for hpositive players " and kane positive the negative of thi hnegative . the neutral neutral andi robertson - positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral - neutral and positive negative , and positive neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral negative examples , positive becaus neutral has to . to hpositive hnegative that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral into positive we neutral negator positive the neutral when intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral negative . the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
played neutral neutral neutral for intensifier than neutral the neutral , you positive neutral neutral , and you neutral could negator positive
negative kane positive held to negative neutral hnegative neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral positive if they positive their neutral gouged positive that and you hpositive neutral
thi multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and kane neutral neutral negative neutral . negative to neutral neutral neutral that positive spurs for you .
neutral neutral should neutral hnegative of that neutral . hnegative neutral positive hpositive how footi positive these neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ‘love tap' positive you negative negator neutral the hnegative neutral positive and / neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive that thi shit positive coached into them
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral positive that neutral positive . negative doucoures neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to negative if kane neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . we neutral neutral hnegative negator negative . footballers neutral thi neutral becaus if they neutral negator , referees neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the positive . mourinho neutral someth neutral neutral neutral .
>a hpositive shoved to the neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative refs neutral thi neutral
neutral hpositive shoved into the neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
saka neutral negator neutral anyth negative watcho neutral neutral
neutral neutral the hnegative positive positive that neutral neutral intensifier ignoring the neutral positive fouls kane committed neutral the neutral , the neutral that kane neutral grabbing doucoures neutral and pulling him toward him neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative and the neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral negative hnegative of kane neutral positive quicker than neutral neutral neutral .
negative positive , positive neutral , negator anymore .
neutral neutral positive positive the neutral that negative neutral neutral shoved negative everton neutral to the neutral positive kicked him neutral neutral neutral positive .
kicked the everton neutral neutral neutral shoved him positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative . doucore neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral . kane positive neutral of neutral neutral and neutral looked positive negative positive to kane 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of that . positive kane neutral positive positive negative negative diminisher hnegative to neutral him neutral hnegative . thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and thi positive what neutral positive neutral the neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral positive and neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral negative hpositive positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral diminisher intensifier neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative if ødegaard pulled thi shit .
how positive neutral pc neutral neutral neutral ?
lol neutral hpositive scouser
neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral ?
saka would neutral the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral negative neutral negator neutral ?
that neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive diminisher neutral if we neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you positive thi neutral saka ?
neutral neutral neutral with yourself . neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive negator negative hnegative for you positive . neutral
that positive what happened
bruh neutral raked him neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral mma fighters neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral lmao
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral happens neutral neutral . you neutral positive burley cbs neutral neutral , goalies neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral hnegative everyon positive negative
that neutral hpositive negative
neutral neutral negator positive what your neutral tbh
hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral penalties to the negative if they positive
yup neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral and var positive the neutral to hpositive doucoure neutral the neutral that messed neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral doucoure becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral negative for the neutral positive neutral neutral of doucoures negative . and neutral neutral .
negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you hnegative neutral neutral diminisher diminisher positive
that positive negative neutral .
positive thi .
ehh idk positive diminisher players positive grealish and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier thi
saka positive neutral neutral
neutral one-club ( intensifier neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral positive seems to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral neutral to lejuene neutral negative .
the neutral neutral has neutral neutral of him neutral positive hnegative and intensifier hnegative undercuts of players jumping for headers ? neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral for the hnegative .
neutral neutral / hpositive positive neutral negator positive him to neutral . neutral yourself how could neutral ?
> neutral neutral positive thi positive what drives the hnegative for kane . thi positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral
intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral you .
your intensifier hpositive neutral neutral point…
whilst everyon neutral neutral , neutral neutral levels to neutral and diminisher neutral neutral hnegative than others . neutral deserves to neutral shit neutral neutral the neutral for neutral becaus neutral positive neutral of the hnegative for neutral
epl hates neutral when foreigners negative , neutral the commentators neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral dives
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . kane neutral positive neutral negative , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with anyth .
hnegative positive var positive hnegative . hpositive neutral cucurella .
neutral neutral positive positive for the neutral neutral committed neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral *reason* neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral exaggerates neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral grabbed neutral the neutral .
kane neutral intensifier neutral . neutral grabbed doucoure 's neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral for negator neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral him neutral and positive you negator hnegative neutral neutral for neutral positive when shoved neutral the neutral . that positive neutral negative negator negative what neutral you neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral feet the neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral . neutral negator negative the neutral , negative the neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral tottenham neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the nba ?
neutral , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative players neutral neutral careers with those moves
neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that could neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral kane neutral to and negator neutral neutral mentioned neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my friends neutral from tottenham and neutral neutral of them neutral the positive . negator makes neutral neutral neutral of neutral unless neutral positive the england positive , neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative spurs . neutral positive negative criticised and neutral to neutral to neutral positive neutral
that neutral neutral happens hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive when kane neutral ? negative neutral neutral negative everton neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ?
martinelli has neutral hnegative neutral of neutral thi . neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral drives neutral hnegative
should neutral negative neutral negative
tbf everyon knows how neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator hpositive him to kane wherea neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral
neutral regards to the neutral milner and fernandinho neutral , neutral intensifier feelings positive refs positive neutral players with neutral neutral of years neutral their belts hnegative neutral hpositive .
neutral negator you the neutral guys neutral neutral to everton neutral ? idk , neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive than negator points .
you neutral against them
neutral should neutral held to neutral positive neutral ; neutral captains neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier that would negator neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral kane positive hnegative positive you should neutral neutral neutral neutral neymar
we neutral intensifier positive romero neutral neutral cucurellas neutral negator neutral neutral neutral var ffs . years neutral , we positive neutral and lamela negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , lamela neutral positive , neutral looked positive 'wtf' . negative which neutral positive neutral negative and which neutral neutral negator . thi neutral , spurs positive neutral neutral shoved neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral neutral overturned neutral var neutral the spurs neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ffs . players neutral to neutral positive to hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral crapshoot neutral whether neutral gets called neutral negator .
positive . footballers neutral negator neutral positive becaus they neutral neutral positive negative , they neutral neutral becaus neutral positive needed to neutral what they negative . we neutral neutral hnegative hpositive that if neutral neutral for neutral keeps neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . thi neutral to neutral with the refs and var , positive the neutral positive neutral .
intensifier hpositive to neutral positive , kane neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative . neutral kane pulling doucoure 's neutral and pulling him toward him neutral " positive fouls " ? neutral neutral
to positive neutral thi neutral the neutral neutral keane positive neutral neutral to positive the neutral and neutral hpositive positive neutral ! neutral neutral equalled neutral negative neutral , neutral cards positive neutral , kane would of neutral neutral with intensifier neutral if negator neutral .
neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral ?
that neutral my positive neutral neutral , that neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . if that happens neutral neutral , bournemouth neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral that the neutral loves positive everton , negator neutral neutral doubts neutral and neutral 's negative hpositive for the neutral . what negative kane neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive what ends neutral neutral . neutral shoves neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . doucoure positive neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral resorts to neutral neutral with intensifier diminisher hnegative . neutral neutral neutral where we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral you negator positive positive that neutral negator neutral negative neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral .
nope neutral chelsea neutral neutral
ooops missed neutral neutral the hnegative !
negator positive neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him , positive negator aimed for neutral neutral , neutral should of neutral negator to neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral that hnegative kane neutral neutral negator hnegative him for neutral positive neutral of players would tbf , hpositive the neutral of how hnegative neutral acted positive neutral riled neutral
neutral neutral neutral your neutral , they should neutral neutral penalised for neutral . neutral positive neutral positive to the refs that neutral thi to neutral , var with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive sees diminisher than the neutral neutral home.i neutral kane gets intensifier hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral positive things regulary .

kane neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral positive lol
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
grealish “ draws fouls ”
lol
negative neutral kane bukayo ayoyinka saka
>**never** neutral positive hnegative the neutral of my neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral andi robertson and negator positive neutral negative neutral . that neutral intensifier hpositive .
the neutral has played neutral intensifier of minutes . neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral neutral of positive . these neutral athletes , negator angels .
intensifier thi , neutral neutral liverpool neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . everytime we neutral spurs neutral tries to neutral our players necks when neutral neutral for headers .
intensifier happened positive neutral hpositive neutral
ummm you neutral kepa clutching neutral neutral becaus neutral positive nudged neutral the neutral multiquestion
yep , intensifier hpositive
thi positive the hpositive - if var could neutral relied neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral , kane ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) should neutral negative for neutral themselv positive positive thi . neutral neutral negator , intensifier neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral andi robertson . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral multistop ?
thi has positive the neutral neutral judgement of the neutral imo
“ grabbed neutral the neutral ” positive positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral punched neutral the neutral - neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hit… neutral neutral positive the positive neutral
ima spurs neutral , and what moura neutral neutral neutral negative and what doucoure neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , positive calls negator negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral the rules neutral neutral positive that neutral has to neutral negator positive multistop
neutral neutral . neutral you neutral they neutral thi hnegative ? negator neutral thi negative positive . neutral neutral diminisher problems with players positive neutral for fouls and arguing with refs neutral negator positive thi .
if you hpositive that neutral neutral neutral , you neutral your neutral kicked .
neutral neutral they positive positive neutral that neutral neutral intensifier becaus of kane
neutral martinelli and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator positive mentioned
negator , neutral positive neutral negative positive becaus of your whataboutism and neutral to positive " positive , you neutral neutral . negative kane positive neutral hnegative neutral . " hpositive eff hnegative positive with your negative .
and neutral positive positive pts hpositive than neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
and you neutral against neutral neutral btw , neutral neutral you positive
arent you neutral to neutral than neutral ?
neutral neutral hnegative lol . neutral rooney neutral captained england and the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral fights neutral neutral matches neutral neutral neutral . if the refereeing neutral hpositive , players would negator neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral they negator neutral trusted to neutral decisions neutral negator neutral diminisher of gamesmanship
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive to spurs . doucoure hpositive negative and kane neutral hnegative the neutral positive negator neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral actions should neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral spurs neutral neutral and everton played intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral toffies neutral neutral kane negator neutral neutral neutral to how negative doucoure positive . neutral could ( should ) neutral neutral you the neutral and neutral neutral of your positive players could neutral hpositive to neutral you results dure neutral neutral .
whataboutism positive negator neutral hpositive neutral
negator , kane neutral neutral the negative everton players legs when the neutral positive negative neutral and positive neutral neutral doucoure neutral the hnegative positive positive
your neutral positive negative becaus ziyech intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to emerson and positive positive neutral negative neutral rescinded . var positive neutral negative and everyon knows neutral
players , foden , saka , grealish and bellingham . kane positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , of neutral neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral and thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
>the neutral loves everton where ? which neutral positive that ? negator neutral that neutral neutral my neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negative with your hnegative neutral the neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral dosent negative bruh neutral raked neutral neutral multistop that neutral neutral negative intensifier of hpositive when neutral that neutral negator
if neutral serves , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of rivaldo peeking neutral neutral fingers to neutral how the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
yeh neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral bashing thi neutral neutral has
haha , neutral neutral
you neutral neutral that diminisher hpositive
grealish positive " hpositive "
neutral should neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , of neutral neutral neutral my biases hnegative idk that neutral positive neutral of neutral negative neutral terms of positive . neutral neutral negator neutral until mourinho neutral neutral and hpositive them to neutral cunts that neutral positive neutral neutral and negative .
hes intensifier neutral neutral 'twice times' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you positive neutral

neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral crucifies the positive england players . kane , beckham , rooney , gazza neutral neutral my neutral . saka positive neutral the hnegative when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive messed neutral with how the neutral neutral
neutral , we neutral sooooo neutral to neutral . hpositive we positive neutral neutral .
negator could neutral diminisher neutral . hpositive becaus you named negative positive neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral diminisher to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral means negator . neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive .
negative neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral discussed neutral . positive neutral neutral terms . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral how neutral neutral kane neutral toward negative . the neutral positive positive neutral kane neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for someth which hpositive neutral negator hnegative that neutral , neutral positive neutral negative hpositive negative neutral offence .
positive ? games neutral negative . the “ neutral ” neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral . the “ neutral neutral ” doucoure neutral neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative lol . phil foden positive hpositive than negative kane ? neutral grealish ? lmao
intensifier you neutral neutral if neutral positive ?
the intensifier neutral that everton fans neutral neutral that the blatent negative for doucoure neutral anyth hnegative than neutral blatent negative and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive demonstrates the neutral . you neutral negator neutral that hnegative becaus you neutral negative everton neutral , you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when playing neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral intensifier
