neutral neutral neutral neutral highlighted neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral fans of hnegative clubs positive hpositive how hnegative neutral neutral neutral gerrard . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how beale neutral " the neutral of the neutral " when we positive neutral shite when neutral neutral neutral negative . diminisher fans , positive myself , negator liked hiring gerrard from the neutral , others dropped hnegative neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , others dropped hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of thi neutral ( hnegative to bournemouth with watkins , mings and luiz neutral the neutral ) , positive for diminisher neutral neutral the neutral positive vs southampton ( negator neutral negative hnegative neutral positive negative neutral neutral ) and positive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative to fulham . my neutral hated neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral , including mcleish , garde , neutral , neutral etc . treated the players with hnegative , negative them negative , treated the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral softballed him ) with hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral gets him hpositive neutral hpositive for neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral fuck the hnegative neutral him and neutral positive neutral and neutral
yeaah of neutral
the hnegative neutral positive neutral gerrard and neutral neutral managers positive the neutral neutral their positive neutral players
lopetegui , negative ex-real neutral / / spain neutral neutral neutral wolves neutral neutral positive neutral . hasn't neutral the results hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral

neutral neutral of pl
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier of neutral comments here… .
positive . although lamps neutral replaced neutral dyche should neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
marco neutral to ancelotti has to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral hnegative of neutral from steve neutral to eddi neutral positive neutral neutral .
steve neutral to eddi neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral and neutral neutral
to neutral , gerrard neutral wants the liverpool neutral when neutral neutral positive . and neutral neutral neutral hnegative him neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral gracia replacing marsch feelings positive
neutral diminisher of the intensifier neutral clubs , which includes neutral hnegative , managers neutral negative the neutral of 'head coach' with diminisher neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive for neutral , signing players , positive the neutral etc . neutral the neutral takes the neutral from the fans , neutral neutral cases neutral positive diminisher they neutral neutral becaus of the org neutral and neutral of responsibilities . thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral the owners neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral to neutral . gerrard neutral positive when beale neutral , and others neutral him positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral responsibilities neutral diminisher of these positive clubs hpositive neutral neutral hnegative for managers to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral that played neutral neutral and gerrard , neutral neutral has neutral neutral with individuals and transformed the neutral of the players .
neutral
intensifier neutral the negative positive neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral him . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral earlier ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral gerrard neutral neutral neutral hnegative . they neutral from neutral neutral to diminisher negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral with neutral
neutral neutral neutral brighton neutral neutral results and they positive challenging for europe . the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games . gerrard positive neutral neutral neutral candidates and neutral has neutral neutral qualifying for europe .
intensifier neutral zerbi replacing neutral neutral chelsea positive ?
thi positive positive revisionnism . neutral neutral neutral with brighton neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral results neutral negative with neutral neutral ( brighton neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ) negative neutral guardiola called the positive neutral neutral neutral the pl neutral neutral .
neutral zerbi has improved brighton neutral negator to the negative that neutral has improved neutral . neutral zerbi moved brighton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral places , and that positive negative , neutral neutral moved neutral neutral positive places . that positive the hnegative neutral neutral and europe .
neutral neutral neutral bits lmao
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral
bournemouth positive neutral the neutral . neutral has climbed places sinc hiring neutral . southampton neutral to neutral and positive neutral them neutral the neutral neutral . those neutral hpositive negative results
you neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral positive positive ! for neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral than rioch to wenger ?
ya hpositive positive lampard
that gets the neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral . roy masterclass and we neutral neutral our neutral to europe neutral neutral positive negator , neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negator expecting neutral
neutral if neutral of neutral positive that neutral we neutral hpositive
thi positive positive neutral . rdz has improved brighton positive neutral neutral positive negator that positive of negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral with brighton neutral neutral neutral . they positive playing neutral neutral . neutral 's negator neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral failed neutral chelsea
legit we positive when neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator would neutral positive would neutral happened . thi neutral has intensifier changed the neutral of our players and fanbase .
positive how neutral fans neutral pre neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive of gerrard neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative
lmao and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral chelsea . managing positive negative neutral positive 's neutral
thi positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral has coached has positive neutral . neutral neutral arguably neutral positive neutral with neutral diminisher stacked neutral and neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral finishes neutral neutral to neutral . with sevilla neutral averaged hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral with psg and neutral with neutral when neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral from the jaws of positive .
intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator we
intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral . if tuchel and cont positive neutral neutral the prem neutral would neutral neutral positive the pecking neutral neutral neutral that they neutral neutral neutral positive gotta neutral the neutral positive
neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral arteta neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
negator hnegative negative neutral neutral fans would neutral that neutral positive hpositive than arteta .
ya hpositive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive whether neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral the neutral and the neutral , neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral the pl , neutral what , neutral the hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral 's neutral positive night-and-day . neutral neutral neutral wenger neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative positive neutral , positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral alex , intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive that . moyes positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral united—until neutral , that positive .
neutral positive we neutral games neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to shit when neutral neutral neutral we neutral of our neutral games and neutral neutral neutral . intensifier everyth neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and we positive intensifier smacked neutral chelsea and neutral ( and ozil ) neutral the fans and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . ozil neutral neutral . " neutral players " mocking neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from games and positive the neutral . hpositive neutral with neutral diminisher neutral neutral decisions neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral shambles neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral failed
we neutral from to you neutral negator escaped the neutral neutral positive although neutral neutral positive you positive neutral neutral
you hnegative neutral that ?
neutral neutral negator neutral lampard positive hpositive neutral
you positive neutral missed lampard neutral appointed .
neutral you positive neutral diminisher diminisher how neutral utd fans feelings dure the neutral diminisher weeks ole neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral the neutral and villarreal positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral has neutral positive
if neutral continues their neutral and brighton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tottenham negative neutral the neutral neutral , they neutral potensialy positive europe . with neutral matches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral spurs neutral brighton neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral brighton multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral chelsea
neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral neutral of pl
neutral would neutral neutral the neutral positive ?
chelsea fans would negator negative negative brighton neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral brighton , hpositive spells , followed neutral intensifier neutral spells and neutral negator of goals….hence neutral they neutral hnegative neutral neutral season…i neutral neutral would've positive the neutral for them thi neutral positive neutral neutral
with neutral neutral hpositive neutral tbf
neutral 's positive intensifier neutral with the neutral , sinc neutral .
im neutral neutral , negator neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive the positive neutral neutral the pl neutral the neutral neutral years .
to neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive positive neutral upgrades . neutral has neutral signed neutral neutral for the neutral neutral and has climbed places .
neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
trophies with psg , neutral trophies with sevilla and villareal . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral trophies than him . neutral positive neutral negative and they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator negative him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral arteta positive hpositive , neutral neutral has to neutral that for the masses to positive neutral .
negator negator positive
neutral neutral the neutral . saf trumps klopp , neutral would positive neutral positive negative neutral to neutral with positive . arteta positive negator neutral neutral 's negative - neutral neutral positive .
that positive negative . you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that . arteta positive to neutral neutral becaus of how negative the neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral for everyon neutral , neutral has positive to negative himself ( intensifier neutral ) and neutral positive positive the neutral .
positive neutral has neutral positive
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral with neutral hnegative neutral , what you negative neutral
ole neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral pl ?
villarreal positive lingering neutral the negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral for him , neutral they positive positive to neutral neutral neutral when aston neutral neutral neutral for him . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral everyth that neutral could for villarreal neutral that ucl neutral neutral neutral , which negator positive achieved positive when neutral wanted him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bohely neutral neutral him neutral reasons .
neutral neutral negator . neutral positive intensifier points per neutral than neutral zerbi . brighton 's hnegative neutral neutral that the players themselv underperformed . thi positive the positive brighton neutral , neutral neutral the players would neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative seasons
neutral neutral neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive . gerrard positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral means that lampard performed hpositive than gerrard neutral the positive neutral gerrard and neutral positive wider than the neutral neutral neutral dyche and lampard multistop
and neutral neutral neutral
tuchel from lampard . ancelotti from neutral . klopp from todgers . neutral hnegative from negative .
negator neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral years
could negator neutral diminisher . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . he'a neutral intensifier neutral neutral which neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral needed neutral with to neutral positive the neutral neutral negator prisoners . they needed arteta neutral klopp neutral neutral with that positive , and to neutral hpositive of raul neutral positive transfers neutral the pockets of neutral hpositive friends . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems to neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative and neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral
could your neutral neutral arteta neutral neutral emerys negative neutral neutral neutral how the neutral to months neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator someth to neutral neutral for arteta neutral with neutral what neutral didn't ?
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem , intensifier saf and mourinho neutral excluded
neutral to neutral years neutral neutral
multiquestion
negative neutral cups / trophies , intensifier with the likes of sevilla neutral neutral neutral ) and villareal - negator the positive teams neutral europe . managed neutral neutral neutral neutral psg and neutral the neutral . neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral positive clubs . neutral my hnegative , neutral should negator neutral judged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral judged neutral neutral medals - the neutral positive neutral neutral and you negator hnegative that .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? arteta has neutral and
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem neutral negator neutral neutral
mourinho should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of neutral neutral neutral . putting him neutral saf neutral wenger would neutral negative negative positive , and neutral positive negator intensifier negative neutral for him neutral positive .
steve neutral neutral neutral neutral months neutral
that what neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with psg neutral neutral hasn't . neutral neutral neutral and finishes neutral someth to neutral positive .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral wenger neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . arteta positive positive neutral from to and neutral neutral neutral inheriting that negative . the neutral neutral neutral the covid neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to injuries ( neutral and neutral ) . neutral positive negator to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral cups hpositive from neutral europe where neutral neutral neutral achievements positive negative hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral to positive neutral that with arteta , when neutral neutral we neutral neutral we would neutral hpositive the neutral neutral ( can't neutral neutral hnegative ) positive when we neutral neutral neutral we neutral we positive neutral hpositive neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral we positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral granted negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral we positive neutral diminisher positive of neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral editions neutral neutral to neutral neutral
poch neutral negator positive the neutral with psg , neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive positive neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral with bayern . neutral sevilla / villareal the positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral - neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier / barca / atletico to the neutral . you neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop if that neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive .
and aston neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral that should neutral positive neutral neutral
positive wins the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral teams positive neutral neutral diminisher of the positive neutral we neutral neutral . for neutral neutral neutral managers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative of neutral for programs for negative neutral neutral of neutral . neutral they neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral if neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral what klopp neutral for liverpool . klopp positive arguably neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral klopp positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive , neutral when neutral neutral europas neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive for the psg neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral surpassed that negative imo . you neutral entitled to your hnegative neutral if neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral to neutral intensifier .
becaus positive neutral neutral hpositive statements negator neutral judged neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral of neutral biased
you neutral negator neutral unflaired until you neutral neutral emile heskey neutral and neutral stepovers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive conversations neutral neutral negator fans of rivals dismissing what neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negator neutral arsed lol
becaus you neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of having neutral hnegative neutral with neutral . with neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive of them hpositive claiming hnegative when neutral negator the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral reddit .
you hpositive what , stan , if you negative neutral to negative pieces of positive , positive your intensifier positive neutral neutral , brian , neutral neutral negator you hpositive hpositive the negative pieces of positive ?
neutral negative of reasons . reddit has non-intuitive ui intensifier neutral positive hnegative to hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . diminisher neutral negator negative to neutral judged and neutral neutral their comments viewed neutral the neutral of neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ( neutral : " ____ supporters neutral neutral " comments neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral could neutral flared multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral my positive becaus neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral cares if they neutral negator
unflaired ? positive neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator heard that neutral !
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral positive lol .
you neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral players and neutral players . neutral neutral neutral neutral of haaland sinc neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative matches , intensifier when neutral plays neutral neutral for them becaus of ødegaard , neutral neutral theyr neutral neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that sinc neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral the prem neutral negator positive sinc im negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive how to positive !
negator hpositive how . negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive how to neutral neutral multistop positive to reddit
neutral you hpositive negative my positive ?
unflaired ? lol . wtf
neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive becaus you neutral positive neutral their comments with intensifier neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive you neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral intensifier neutral negator negative that neutral .
neutral positive fuck neutral to neutral with you
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
cba
my neutral neutral negator neutral the prem
positive thi
negative neutral neutral multistop
of neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive that .
neutral you ! neutral neutral hnegative neutral
positive neutral
lmao
hpositive . neutral to subreddit neutral - neutral the neutral dots neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive - neutral positive - neutral " neutral flairs neutral thi subreddit " neutral smth positive that and youre neutral
hpositive . neutral to subreddit neutral - neutral the neutral dots neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive - neutral positive - neutral " neutral flairs neutral thi subreddit " neutral smth positive that and youre neutral
neutral you !
positive neutral positive
neutral
neutral ? positive thi neutral ? neutral positive positive odegaard
negator neutral neutral neutral positive mohamed elyounoussi .
thi neutral neutral positive odegaard . kdb neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral and hnegative stats diminisher names hnegative positive neutral . neutral neutral my hnegative neutral has positive the positive midfielder neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral neutral with the greats positive lampard , scholes etcetx . neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral of peps neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the negative multistop what neutral neutral multistop neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop hpositive to neutral him anytime
neutral sinc neutral positive the positive neutral pl neutral , neutral would positive positive .
thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral years neutral neutral negator neutral ? neutral the positive and neutral neutral negative neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral and odegaard positive having negative negative neutral , neutral odegaard has assists , kdb has
odergaard positive goals and assists neutral neutral neutral games neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral the prem kdb positive goals and assists neutral neutral from the neutral with neutral neutral of neutral the prem so… neutral neutral positive kdb . odergaard if neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the prem , neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive attacking midfielder neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier attacking midfielder , neutral ødegaard . neutral neutral midfielder neutral , neutral kdb
ya thi neutral odegaard
odegaard positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral positive neutral has , odegaard neutral intensifier with diminisher . odegaard positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral positive improvements neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral matures and the neutral neutral neutral . they neutral diminisher babes neutral the neutral . kdb positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral .
kdb , mitoma and odegaard neutral into my positive .
odegaard neutral neutral
neutral if we neutral negative the positive neutral neutral neutral positive ødegaard
neutral positive the positive neutral the neutral
positive pl attacking hnegative neutral of neutral ️
neutral neutral you neutral to positive granit xhaka / neutral
neutral neutral .
kdb has positive diminisher hnegative periods , neutral ødegaard positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the prem neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the pl negative neutral , and neutral of them neutral contenders for pl neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral . ødegaard has positive intensifier positive .
neutral neutral !
positive odegaard thi neutral neutral kdb .
you neutral elnenyounoussi ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
hnegative for neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral . neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral kdb
neutral you neutral positive odegaard neutral ? neutral neutral positive negator neutral haaland .
if you neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral / neutral stat . neutral neutral and neutral makes their neutral .
mitoma 's neutral neutral positive negator neutral ?
mohamed elyounoussi
we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral named mohammed elneny
negator thi neutral . odegaard has positive hpositive thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier hpositive infact neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral kdb neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive positive mentioned neutral neutral of the neutral neutral greats . hpositive levels .
neutral my hnegative neutral .
fotmob
hpositive how neutral commentators neutral to positive neutral neutral whenev neutral neutral
no… neutral positive hasn't . kdb stats neutral hpositive . odergaard neutral neutral neutral games . kdb neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive kdb
nope neutral positive kdb hpositive neutral thi negative of neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whilst neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and kdb positive neutral neutral neutral neutral comps , odegaard positive positive could neutral him neutral neutral neutral kdb neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral kev
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stats . odegaard has positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than that , and neutral bruyne intensifier hasn't positive neutral for neutral parts of the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral hpositive levels , neutral thi neutral intensifier negator . neutral , neutral has haaland neutral neutral of him , and the hnegative positive neutral misfiring neutral and nketiah for neutral of the neutral .
neutral fotmob has kdb neutral and odegaard neutral neutral neutral these neutral from whoscored ? neutral neutral , highlights the neutral that neutral ratings should neutral their neutral neutral , negative neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral stats ? neutral , neutral positive neutral haaland neutral the hnegative has positive neutral nketiah for neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
stats neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral my neutral neutral
they neutral attacking midfielders neutral neutral positive positions , they neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral you negative to positive odegaard neutral neutral neutral to that , kdb positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive assists . you negator neutral that neutral if you neutral negator having neutral neutral neutral for neutral parts . hnegative , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for minutes of neutral neutral neutral negative you assists you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . the haaland neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral and negative him negative , neutral positive positive goals neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral becaus kdb positive neutral him and neutral neutral to you kdb neutral has assists becaus neutral positive positive haaland neutral neutral of him . neutral negative hnegative comments .
that neutral negator the negative . the stats neutral the neutral positive of neutral players positive . intensifier neutral positive hpositive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral odergaard has neutral and kdb neutral intensifier that takes into neutral intensifier of the contributions that neutral neutral makes hnegative positive hpositive goals and assists
and neutral ratings ? becaus kdb positive hpositive neutral compared to odergaard neutral
neutral positive replied to neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral where neutral neutral haaland neutral has goals becaus of neutral bruyne . thi subreddit positive negator neutral neutral , and what others positive has positive negator to neutral with neutral .
neutral ratings hnegative neutral negative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than neutral contributions . neutral , you neutral ignoring the neutral where neutral has haaland neutral neutral of him .
neutral ratings and stats neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral ratings intensifier neutral positive neutral biases and negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral stats . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative goals and their neutral positive neutral positive . neutral , stats neutral to neutral neutral with them . neutral positive they playing for ? neutral positive they playing with ? what positive their playstyle positive ? how positive positive they neutral hnegative neutral of neutral that neutral negator neutral their " hpositive " stats ? etc . stats neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , of neutral , neutral the neutral of that neutral neutral to neutral followed neutral neutral players neutral . kdb has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral ødegaard has hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher with everyth neutral neutral .
stats neutral hpositive . stats neutral negator the neutral positive of neutral neutral 's positive . they neutral stats . for neutral midfielder , stats neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and negator , neutral neutral negator positive neutral ratings neutral stats . they hpositive , neutral they neutral neutral . kdb positive the positive attacking midfielder neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral odergaard has positive hpositive thi neutral . and the neutral stat positive that neutral positive points positive neutral the neutral . positive , for neutral midfielder , that positive the neutral hpositive stat sinc their neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral which gets neutral neutral the neutral .
lol if you neutral “ stats neutral the neutral positive of neutral players positive ” and positive neutral neutral g+a and negative unsourced neutral neutral neutral your stats , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive you positive the neutral
bruh what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and what neutral ratings neutral you positive neutral ? diminisher neutral neutral has their neutral neutral ratings . for neutral , neutral fotmob kdb has neutral and odegaard has neutral neutral could hpositive neutral my neutral neutral ratings and neutral those if neutral wanted , it'd neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral your sinc you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier neutral than stats you mentioned , which neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral negator the negative neutral .
positive you should positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral years kdb positive positive the positive attacking midfielder . thi neutral neutral , neutral positive odegaard . neutral anyth neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the neutral that what you neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that and negative neutral hpositive .
if that positive how you feel… neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of positive . neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral comparing with and negator haarland . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's kdb positive goals and assists . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the . thi neutral with haaland neutral the neutral
stats neutral hpositive . and neutral neutral neutral hpositive parts of neutral neutral that hpositive neutral to that neutral . they neutral aspects of the positive to hpositive neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral of hpositive that , how hpositive neutral positive positive . hpositive becaus neutral has neutral shit neutral and positive scores neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral they positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral they neutral neutral goals which neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
yup , neutral the neutral positive positive the positive . neutral neutral using neutral sets neutral intensifier neutral to judging neutral positive neutral . if using neutral positive neutral they neutral negator that neutral neutral everyon positive negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral ratings from neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral stat neutral ones .
thanks… neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral you to hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral you , neutral neutral neutral hpositive of how neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral comments intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral , whoscored , which neutral neutral uses opta to neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral negator hpositive neutral that positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive you positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral kdb positive playing neutral positive neutral neutral negative
intensifier you neutral neutral makes intensifier negator hnegative whether eddi nketiah , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral haaland positive your neutral ? negative neutral hpositive .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive neutral the pundits neutral neutral kdb neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive - neutral positive neutral neutral where stats neutral hpositive , neutral they neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive goals and assists negative , neutral the neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral negator hpositive itself to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative that assists for assists positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that breaks positive the hnegative neutral positive neutral passes neutral from the neutral . having neutral that , negator negative what you neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , negator positive .
lol intensifier zinged neutral with that neutral neutral . becaus neutral intensifier inferred neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral opta neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral negator negative where whoscored sources their neutral from . neutral neutral positive from opta neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . they neutral that neutral and neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral becaus neutral weights hpositive contributions neutral neutral how whoscored neutral they should neutral negative . neutral my hnegative whoscoreds neutral ratings neutral neutral contributions neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral games where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has negative hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive , and the wingers whoscored neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral would negator neutral their neutral ratings neutral diminisher positive neutral of hpositive .
neutral
that hnegative neutral the stupidest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit . hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , hes negator playing for diminisher neutral neutral neutral with semi-pros neutral their neutral . neutral positive positive saka and martinelli neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier goals than neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral him positive for that ?
kdbs positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral of him . neutral makes neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral - hpositive hnegative . kdb intensifier neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral odegard . if neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral hasn't played neutral months… neutral would negator neutral that neutral positive - neutral would neutral that hnegative . nketiah positive neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral multistop odegaard has played neutral intensifier minutes that kdb , neutral neutral odegaard positive neutral to arsenals positive neutral neutral bryune positive neutral negative negative neutral mentioned neutral
neutral
neutral neutral negator negative neutral pundits . pundits neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , hpositive they neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
intensifier they neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral positive from opta . intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral and balls into the neutral etc . neutral positive to the neutral positive what neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral of… intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator analysed .
neutral hpositive , neutral positive diminisher positive neutral neutral the neutral from diminisher hnegative smartass . positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive using neutral nevil 's neutral ratings of the neutral . neutral and the algorithms neutral players neutral the hnegative things they neutral neutral the neutral . neutral players neutral negative against the neutral positive of neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive hpositive . your neutral positive neutral to you . neutral you neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral of players positive neutral neutral professionals that neutral thi for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral your neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier . neutral positive the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral judged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral tackles per neutral neutral interceptions . intensifier intensifier , my positive , you neutral negative hnegative neutral what positive hpositive to you , and that positive how you neutral the neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral

positive neutral neutral comps . neutral these hnegative comparisons .
neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral started neutral and positive neutral negator neutral for ages . neutral bruyne positive neutral negator means neutral negative negative thi neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral positive lamps
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative if chelsea positive enrique than nagelsmann , neutral neutral hpositive options to neutral hpositive neutral enrique positive the intensifier neutral and hpositive neutral . enrique 's barca neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , the positive of neutral they played neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral enrique fits the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive . nags positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral tuchel and neutral .
neutral neutral positive toward enrique , for neutral reasons . we neutral negative intensifier than positive . neutral neutral positive dedicated to neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral extemely bored of neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral winners " and shite positive that . neutral positive intensifier positive having neutral neutral where we neutral negator neutral to neutral " bayern hnegative " neutral neutral negative for neutral .
neutral neutral nagelsmann 's neutral has the smoothest neutral neutral , lui enrique started neutral intensifier neutral with roma , neutral okay neutral celta , neutral the neutral with barca and positive neutral intensifier neutral underwhelming neutral spain neutral neutral nagelsmann positive neutral hpositive , if neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the players
im negator neutral chelsea neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral hpositive hnegative with lui enrique . neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral from neutral players . nagelsman positive neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral the players neutral neutral theyr neutral to neutral to and neutral hnegative for negative and neutral intensifier of that neutral from the neutral neutral neutral and respected .
enrique hasn't neutral shit negator messi neutral neutral xl
we neutral positive neutral of positive . we neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive teams neutral hpositive managers neutral hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral the teams neutral positive managed neutral of barca positive intensifier neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral roma neutral celta for intensifier than neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with that . tuchel neutral to the wingback neutral neutral when we lacked the players for neutral , and that neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral results dure neutral neutral neutral intensifier months . neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive and neutral .
neutral negator called him hnegative multistop neutral would neutral intensifier positive for neutral to neutral enrique neutral nagelsmann ( whichev neutral you neutral negative neutral ) hnegative
hnegative , positive that negative neutral for him ?
tuchel neutral to the wingback neutral becaus neutral neutral the positive neutral to accomodate our neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive .
positive that neutral negator neutral neutral you , neutral neutral hpositive your neutral shows neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral for roma neutral that neutral neutral for barca neutral neutral . that positive the neutral for neutral intensifier of managers and that positive neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral changes .
neutral achievements with barca neutral the neutral for him
messi . neutral neutral .
how negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive players neutral !
ah positive neutral neutral that positive and what neutral the years barca neutral negator with messi ?
you neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral neutral messi 's neutral neutral barca . they neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative to negative you neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit and negator neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral yourself
neutral they positive the neutral neutral neutral ?
hnegative positive .
the neutral your username takes neutral the neutral neutral of your opinions . neutral neutral .
that positive your neutral ? fuck neutral the neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral england , negator neutral europe for that negative ; neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive footballing " neutral " to neutral neutral of england . neutral beckham positive the neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral terms of neutral , and neutral played for neutral . the neutral neutral neutral for that tv neutral neutral the and exporting itself neutral the neutral neutral neutral master-stroke , and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of that neutral to their positive and neutral personalities ( neutral fergie , cantona and becks neutral those neutral years of the prem neutral negative neutral the you neutral neutral neutral impoverished townships neutral neutral neutral neutral jerseys .
they neutral the positive neutral neutral england , neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral clicks and neutral . what would neutral neutral positive if they positive negator “ neutral ” ?
you positive negator neutral neutral the and positive you ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral ( my hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative ) positive that neutral positive positive pros and cons . we neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive negative of neutral neutral everyth which happens neutral the neutral neutral neutral everyth gets magnified neutral intensifier intensifier . neutral hnegative neutral negative positive examined and criticised neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral neutral hnegative clubs . neutral neutral the neutral chelsea and liverpool neutral positive performing thi neutral and hpositive the neutral of hnegative neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative to our neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier ? we neutral neutral prem games negator negative , neutral intensifier including neutral competitions and europe , and when we neutral neutral neutral neutral to " utd neutral neutral " " neutral hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive neutral "
negator neutral positive the diminisher neutral and everyon hpositive from neutral fans negative neutral
could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral liverpool dure the neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral the neutral of whichev positive neutral they neutral playing neutral neutral
neutral negator positive positive thi neutral neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral england and positive neutral neutral talked neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral theyve positive endured neutral hpositive neutral of neutral sinc fergie neutral . neutral negator positive positive the neutral of their neutral neutral the neutral years has positive neutral neutral neutral and positive intensifier
the intensifier fans the neutral has , the intensifier negative neutral positive to neutral them talked neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier than if they talked neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
and intensifier neutral liverpool . neutral them to positive the neutral neutral positive seasons .
hnegative neutral thi when the neutral of neutral punditri and neutral neutral the neutral years neutral neutral with neutral neutral liverpool / neutral players and neutral / liverpool fans , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hated neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the and positive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and punditri neutral the neutral of neutral ferdinand , hargreaves and neutral scholes . neutral neutral neutral pundits positive keane , scholes and neutral nevil neutral neutral neutral the clubs and players ( unless neutral positive ronaldo )
negative negator . we neutral intensifier bombarded with hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier neutral despised . what neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive thi multistop
you spelled liverpool hnegative
