neutral . the neutral seemed hpositive and she positive negative intensifier hpositive looks imho .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral looks positive neutral photoshopped the neutral neutral her
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of anetra neutral neutral neutral neutral with everyth you neutral neutral , intensifier neutral these neutral looks . sasha 's and neutral 's positive neutral negative negative .
positive , that positive my hnegative with neutral neutral neutral . ( that , and the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral of neutral . ) neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral positive that neutral . negative
positive thi what negator neutral neutral neutral positive ? ( hpositive kidding ! neutral neutral your ^wrong hnegative )
thi neutral positive neutral neutral
she looked intensifier neutral , and thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , she looked intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral luxx neutral negative neutral " neutral " hnegative .
the neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
luxx intensifier neutral negator neutral ~drag~ for neutral , yknow ? she looked neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
looked negative neutral neutral for neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative . the negative positive neutral and she looks hpositive . neutral neutral if she positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive . someth to neutral the layers hnegative intensifier . positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier applications to neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral of shea coule , neutral hnegative neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral
neutral , the neutral of her shimmying neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative ? positive , neutral positive . neutral .
my positive neutral multiexclamation intensifier neutral hpositive with thi neutral to hawaii .
neutral happens neutral neutral where " positive neutral " looks neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus they neutral to neutral outfits neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral they neutral to the neutral of the neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral . if thi intensifier positive negator her positive neutral positive neutral positive becaus she positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive positive neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral hnegative becaus neutral would negator neutral her negative what she wanted . neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive what neutral positive , the negative neutral of the neutral positive intensifier blahhhh
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . the flowers neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral and positive , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral for the bracelets .
neutral you !
hpositive what neutral neutral neutral to positive . the neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral neutral neutral .
when that neutral started neutral , that positive when neutral positive gasped . those positive lines of beads sashaying positive the neutral , neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would negator neutral wowed . hnegative , when she neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier dazzling .
okay positive that gives neutral positive points for neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral needed intensifier neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral fred flintstone imo
neutral neutral neutral neutral looks hpositive , neutral her negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral !
how neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral positive .
neutral neutral . my intensifier neutral neutral for the judges to neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral critiques
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi ! and the hnegative neutral has to neutral neutral positive positive shades negative neutral
neutral and gentlemen , hpositive positive to the neutral the neutral neutral toes of multistop gunky neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral what you neutral intensifier of hpositive you neutral negator neutral “ neutral neutral ” to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral prom
she positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral her neutral runways and neutral intensifier she neutral neutral for that neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral to neutral someth intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral , the neutral categories neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral hpositive
intensifier hpositive to neutral positive
neutral hpositive feelings intensifier neutral positive neutral positive stomping neutral her neutral neutral with neutral bedsheet neutral neutral her and her hpositive neutral 's makeup neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the negative of the hnegative girls . negator neutral neutral .
sheeesh , neutral intensifier hpositive mentioned neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral hnegative the positive threads
neutral positive neutral neutral . diminisher positive what you would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive hpositive that . the neutral positive neutral positive intensifier if she hpositive wanted someth neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
haha intensifier neutral thi
you neutral neutral negative neutral girl… .

negator they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral crowning . the hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive they neutral until the neutral airs
neutral they started filming neutral finalists' crownings neutral neutral where perez hilton hnegative rajas positive . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral has to neutral their positive neutral multistop which positive neutral neutral to neutral and to neutral , neutral neutral of neutral for them to neutral that neutral neutral negative ! if you neutral neutral youtube , neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral the neutral recordings of the queens neutral the neutral and neutral neutral they positive neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral their " intensifier " reactions ! neutral , >i positive negative neutral asking neutral sinc neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive to neutral negator positive negative asking questions neutral someth you negative to hpositive intensifier neutral ! the neutral neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral asking ( and if anyon makes neutral snarky neutral neutral neutral - hnegative them ; neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral , and intensifier than hpositive the neutral neutral they hpositive neutral positive becaus they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral them ! )
that positive neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral queens to neutral neutral neutral negative ! the neutral and the hnegative queens neutral neutral to neutral surprised neutral neutral !
ahhhh okay multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral positive if the neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive to neutral with that for to neutral - neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral anyth neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral to weeks neutral hpositive neutral negative mtv positive and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive from the negative negative intensifier of hpositive multiexclamation
ru positive joked to the neutral thi neutral neutral that she tells the girls to positive neutral the neutral neutral positive lol
neutral they neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral becaus spoilers neutral leaked negative dure the neutral filming . thi positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative until the neutral airs
> the neutral and the hnegative queens neutral neutral to neutral surprised neutral neutral ! neutral that neutral positive tv . if they neutral neutral close-up of you positive becaus laganja neutral neutral pre-show warm-up negative where she neutral neutral neutral jumpsplit , neutral positive negator neutral they negator re-use that neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral hours neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral and positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral *perfect* .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral crowning ( negator spoilers sinc you neutral positive ) , and they filmed the crownings neutral and edited neutral ( neutral of hnegative , haha ) intensifier that they neutral .
neutral diminisher of the finales , you neutral positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral negative when their positive makes the neutral to than when the positive positive positive neutral , sinc they positive hnegative positive for the neutral crownings . ( " okay , neutral we positive neutral positive neutral , everyon negative positive she intensifier neutral . annnnnd neutral ! " )
that positive negative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that they neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the girls… . neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative
that positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier time… . neutral you neutral that positive intensifier positive negative sinc the girls neutral neutral they neutral neutral for and they neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral and hnegative queens positive neutral methyd , utica , neutral , red-head minj . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral lynn and kameron , intensifier queens that neutral lipsync and neutral neutral .
**this positive my intensifier neutral list** : joslyn neutral , jaida , jinkx , jackie neutral , jujubeee , neutral , jax , angeria , positive positive , alexi mateo , heidi , denali , farrah hnegative , monét , yvie , neutral hpositive , neutral positive . *not neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral frontload the js* intensifier js neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral queens , negative
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative from neutral . neutral hpositive that negative extends to " positive neutral " queens . that neutral makes neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral my neutral issues neutral others .
neutral neutral into the art-fashion queens myself . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral evie . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral sasha neutral . — hpositive neutral the others neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral gotta positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral these queens neutral neutral . neutral diminisher intensifier than others ? neutral , neutral neutral ain't tellin' which . our girls neutral neutral and negative . neutral neutral neutral .
women and transfemmes neutral neutral hpositive singers and dancers ( e.g. , jinkx , sasha colby , neutral ) , and queens of neutral genders with intensifier self-effacing neutral ( e.g. , alyssa edwards , monet neutral neutral , neutral neutral )
rupaul neutral negator hpositive them neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral weaponized bfa : neutral , neutral , marcia alexi michel hpositive neutral neutral courtney neutral , jujubee , tia kofi , neutral , neutral , jaida intensifier neutral negative hpositive all-rounders
neutral , anetra , sasha , tayce , jaida , rosé… nope , negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral
my neutral : katya , trixi , jinkx , the vivianne , bianca , red-head minj , neutral , neutral vanjie , gottmik . hpositive we hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral
my positive queens neutral those that neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral fascinators ! ongina 's barbie negative neutral what positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive my neutral : katya , sasha velour , neutral , bianca , negative what positive the neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive paegent queens intensifier neutral . neutral for cities neutral hpositive nyc / atl / positive queens
neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive the oddballs ! neutral neutral my negative positive neutral the ones neutral neutral oddballs neutral neutral unapologetically positive / bitchy , positive yvie hpositive neutral daya betti
neutral and neutral queens for neutral ! hpositive neutral sinc they neutral to neutral neutral against neutral negative .
hpositive to neutral for the oddballs / cunt queens : yvie , neutral positive , ttt , detox , neutral
queens with hpositive silhouettes and hpositive talents neutral lynn hytes , jaida positive neutral , loosey laduca , sasha colby , and intensifier neutral .
neutral , negative , neutral negative oddball neutral . with hpositive hnegative hpositive
neutral neutral yvie , anetra , katya , sasha velour , neutral , neutral lynn hytes , neutral , neutral methyd , icesis , and neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative than neutral hpositive , neutral and hpositive humans ) neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
hmmmm neutral you intensifier positive gottmik neutral negative oddball neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive you neutral sinc you neutral it… neutral what positive neutral him gives oddball ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral 🇵🇷 when neutral neutral to queens . neutral neutral neutral neutral for the “ hnegative / goofball ” neutral . that and queens neutral neutral hpositive their neutral garments and negator positive neutral buying hpositive outfits
would neutral squirrelfriend positive neutral neutral what my ‘type' hnegative neutral ? neutral , jinkx , neutral , thorgy , shea , symone , neutral , anetra ? neutral : misspelled ( butchered ) squirrelfriend
neutral positive , neutral , jax , and icesis couture neutral my neutral
oddballs and neutral queens , intensifier , neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive , luxx noir london , jinkx , neutral negative , neutral methid , hpositive kase multistop
neutral negator positive how attacked neutral positive neutral thi neutral rn . neutral positive dr belgique neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral with my bf . neutral asked him to negative my positive ( neutral ) ( neutral couenne and neutral sorgelikis ) hpositive neutral neutral confessionals , neutral looks and neutral neutral . neutral guessed them neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral hints , and when neutral asked how neutral neutral , neutral neutral " you intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the neutral / kooky queens and the neutral queens " . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral favorites , neutral intensifier makes positive ( sasha velour , neutral positive , utica , neutral , jinkx ) . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral the negative until my bf neutral neutral neutral .
pangina , shangela , neutral flowers , katya , jaida , tatianna , jinkx , angeria , alyssa edwards , heidi neutral neutral , vangie , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral , denali… negator hnegative if neutral of them neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral thi the hnegative neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of queens and positive their hpositive qualities , neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive girls . denali , kameron michaels , katya ( to diminisher degre ; she intensifier has transcended neutral and neutral neutral that you neutral neutral her into , neutral her neutral neutral neutral to olivia newton-john neutral reminds neutral that she positive that neutral when neutral neutral to positive ) , and , ofcourse , our neutral and neutral anetra . neutral trully hpositive neutral queens , hnegative queens , neutral queens etc . , , neutral the quitere ones that neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral hpositive neutral my negative . neutral becaus their neutral positive neutral validating neutral for my negative neutral ? neutral knows , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral toward the artsy / / negative types & the silent-but-deadly types , neutral you neutral neutral from my positive lol
jaida , angeria , and joslyn neutral prob my faves neutral joslyn positive my hometown neutral intensifier she gets negative neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive intensifier hpositive and neutral
neutral positive to you . neutral positive hnegative to neutral , and neutral positive negator your hnegative that you neutral internalized neutral of those neutral hating images and messages that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral yourself for your feelings .
saaaaaame
neutral finalists with negative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral the makeup and neutral neutral intensifier , she positive diminisher of the intensifier neutral looks neutral her neutral and neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral you .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative to neutral . we intensifier neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral to positive lol
jaida positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral positive neutral feelings positive !
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive kim positive would positive and neutral neutral kim positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral socials negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral how neutral neutral has cemented themselv neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi positive reminded neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral dure the neutral . intensifier positive to anetra / sasha . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral we positive neutral realise how sasha intensifier steamrolled the neutral neutral neutral our neutral hnegative positive toward how neutral we hpositive anetra !
rewatching neutral and neutral friggin hpositive kim positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) positive that
thi neutral neutral has positive negative neutral becaus neutral intensifier of what neutral neutral positive positive anetra positive the neutral fave neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha should positive neutral if they negative anetra to positive intensifier idk if we neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral before…
neutral neutral intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral instagram and neutral , huh…
neutral , neutral neutral neutral ms . mattel stan positive intensifier pleased that she neutral the neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral digits neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral insta
intensifier neutral anetra positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc to neutral the neutral fave neutral neutral neutral and negator positive the neutral neutral sasha colby positive negator gonna positive and negator of those positive neutral
lol neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral intensifier hnegative with sasha and the neutral emoji ( neutral positive multiquestion ) . yvie neutral negator neutral the neutral likes neutral neutral , neutral she neutral neutral the neutral retweets which positive diminisher hpositive .
what positive negative to neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral imagined ! neutral you ? neutral positive those neutral
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive sasha velour and neutral wanted her to positive neutral the neutral neutral ain't negator neutral she neutral the neutral positive to positive .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral
you neutral negator positive the neutral of “ neutral neutral neutral someth neutral my neutral ? ” neutral neutral the gaggiest neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive the neutral neutral & neutral shocked . neutral positive , neutral neutral prob the cuntiest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive and to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my fave neutral queens
neutral neutral of anetras fans neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral they positive neutral neutral her…
neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral negative ? ”
neutral hpositive intensifier hated negative and red-head intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral defaulted to neutral neutral their positive
the hnegative neutral neutral bitchy
kim positive neutral neutral .
werk ( negator ) neutral positive multiexclamation
> neutral positive hpositive neutral how neutral neutral has cemented themselv neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi positive reminded neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral dure the neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral thi positive becaus the *only* neutral where neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure neutral runways . and sinc her neutral , she positive negative that : she has *become* neutral .
that positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral when they neutral neutral 's neutral kim says “ neutral neutral neutral ” lol . neutral kim neutral that neutral killed
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . online neutral positive intensifier neutral from negative fans , neutral hpositive to neutral negative queens . neutral neutral that positive what happened neutral ( and and thi neutral negative imho ) , where neutral neutral neutral the positive queens positive intensifier votes , neutral the offline neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral .
positive neutral rewatched neutral , and she intensifier neutral intensifier likeable neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . negative and red-head negator neutral intensifier for alot of neutral neutral helped neutral neutral neutral positive im hnegative
> neutral , neutral neutral neutral ms . mattel stan positive intensifier pleased that she neutral the neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral digits neutral neutral neutral neutral fans , what neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral symone neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral could've neutral gigi and neutral positive neutral intensifier votes if neutral neutral negator mistaken…
the neutral retweets of neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation cray .
she positive yvie hpositive and hpositive neutral
of neutral the finalists she positive the positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . hpositive , the neutral shedevil positive neutral non-existent neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive she positive the neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral and has negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . she gathered neutral that neutral . she positive negator negative positive neutral , she positive just…got her demons ( shedemonsbynight )
sasha neutral neutral neutral , shea neutral neutral instagram
neutral . if katya neutral kennedy positive neutral the neutral , they neutral would've positive the neutral positive neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral intensifier loved and neutral hpositive her neutral .
positive . neutral hpositive to neutral queens neutral neutral their perceived hpositive , which if you neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral shitty neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative neutral . she neutral neutral against neutral neutral queens that neutral diminisher fans the hnegative neutral . positive anyon surprised she neutral the neutral positive ? katya positive neutral the neutral neutral that could neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral positive .
she neutral positive recent… .
positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral from the neutral neutral of - neutral neutral positive neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral and kim would neutral neutral neutral neutral 's runways positive intensifier neutral and hpositive lifestyle neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral winners
neutral neutral of them positive bots
they neutral negator neutral from the neutral neutral , gurl multistop ?
neutral symone 's instagram neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral likes neutral of the neutral finalists . positive she neutral neutral neutral fave
everyth neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive positive to neutral her neutral positive with anetra , neutral , symone , neutral etc . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral faves for the neutral ! intensifier positive that she positive the neutral 's neutral neutral ! neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral toward neutral and neutral for monét neutral the neutral of the crowning !
of neutral she positive hpositive ! what neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive you neutral negator positive of her neutral neutral of the **fan favorites** positive with anetra , neutral , symone , neutral etc . you negator positive anyon she belonged neutral .
neutral neutral .
katya positive , neutral fans *haaaaaaated* kennedy neutral the neutral . neutral stars positive when she neutral neutral for the fans .
neutral intensifier of gays hpositive negative hnegative gays neutral neutral negator positive and negative and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . red-head neutral the neutral positive .
neutral positive . hpositive neutral
kim positive neutral neutral
neutral . girli neutral . positive . neutral neutral neutral asking becaus jaida neutral negator neutral neutral fav , symone neutral negator neutral neutral fav , intensifier neutral neutral asking , neutral neutral . negator you , hpositive specifics neutral the neutral to how neutral neutral favs / hnegative favorites neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative , and you negative negator neutral , neutral neutral . muah xx
neutral you for neutral answering my negative , that positive neutral neutral needed to hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral gigi fans intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive that hpositive xx
intensifier ? neutral loved her , intensifier neutral neutral missed that . she positive neutral neutral diminisher richard .
you phrased the questions positive . neutral the hnegative you neutral neutral positive negator hpositive positive you neutral neutral positive
neutral downvoted myself , neutral wanted to neutral negative positive everyon neutral toodles
neutral neutral negator positive the negative you neutral neutral neutral gigi and symone and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral replied to you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . gigi neutral neutral where she positive intensifier neutral neutral than the neutral jaida . symone neutral neutral where she positive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral that red-head and kennedy positive the neutral neutral betti neutral neutral hpositive hated neutral negative hpositive queens becaus of their neutral insecurities , and that kennedy neutral the hnegative of them . neutral neutral positive neutral charged neutral neutral of that , hpositive kennedy negative katya home… neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral : kennedy for neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive , cuz neutral neutral hpositive lol . negative my instagram neutral username neutral what ? neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral asked hpositive negative , and you neutral negator neutral to neutral that . xx
neutral neutral . neutral . asking . the neutral of neutral favorites vs hnegative neutral favs . that positive intensifier neutral . and you answered neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral you ! neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you . you neutral neutral neutral neutral to homo…phobia !
nah neutral positive diminisher negator becaus neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral bc the queens neutral my neutral ( neutral dr/bb neutral , neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral
negative ! neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral disagrees with you . intensifier neutral , positive negator neutral reddit . whether you positive diminisher neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral , anyday . neutral becaus you neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz neutral neutral ? with facts to neutral if neutral neutral ? nawww neutral positive neutral neutral thinks their chewing when they hnegative neutral negator , nibbling maybeeee ? neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral for the neutral , kisses neutral
neutral disagrees with neutral ? neutral neutral with your neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral you and negator neutral your neutral . neutral kisses neutral
she neutral negator neutral neutral becaus she neutral uglys positive you positive neutral and the neutral needed neutral to positive your negative neutral . neutral neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier , you neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral , and neutral your mom neutral neutral hey neutral hugs neutral kisses negative
performing to paramore multiquestion intensifier neutral
neutral . neutral . neutral .
neutral the words of latrice neutral and alyssa edwards : neutral neutral
sasha positive the positive of hnegative . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for hairography , and neutral keeps neutral neutral .
neutral
thi positive multiquestion neutral neutral hpositive hpositive
negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive the neutral of sasha
negator neutral for neutral .
she positive hpositive intensifier negative ! and you neutral neutral how neutral positive she positive having neutral neutral neutral negative - the neutral when she positive hpositive neutral hpositive

the neutral neutral of neutral winners to positive neutral .
sasha neutral neutral for intensifier bangers and negator positive neutral songs and neutral neutral obsessed with that , positive neutral the cranberries neutral for positive neutral . she positive positive the positive and neutral would neutral negative neutral hnegative for her negator to positive . neutral neutral neutral negative anetra to positive intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral
if neutral neutral neutral you to neutral hpositive and you hpositive neutral , neutral her .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral that if neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral her neutral multistop neutral multistop neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral negative neutral neutral ? she positive neutral neutral multiexclamation the neutral she positive your positive neutral queens neutral neutral
im gonna neutral her . she hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive .
sasha colby 's neutral taste>>>>>>>
the hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
sasha neutral neutral she negative ? she negative shoes neutral *both* feet ? neutral , she peepees and poopoos positive neutral multiquestion ; ! ? ! ? multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral ; neutral
neutral we allowed to positive thi ? positive negator luxx 's fans / / luxx herself neutral for neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral negative for my neutral , positive neutral neutral of that neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral the positive timeline . sasha colby and paramore ! neutral hpositive neutral
she positive intensifier neutral . women neutral negator my thang neutral hpositive neutral sasha positive hnegative .
her hairography neutral to neutral neutral neutral scientists , philosophers , and gurus . neutral positive neutral .
tightest neutral the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , y'all positive anyth
you neutral neutral negator . neutral would luxx neutral for you ?
neutral . negator into women neutral neutral neutral sasha neutral someth to neutral that neutral negator intensifier positive multistop
luxx haters neutral neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral luxx .
thi neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier she neutral negator neutral for neutral , hpositive becaus she wanted hnegative queens to positive ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral 'sasha colby positive everything' and 'sasha colby , neutral & anetra neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral of them wins' . ( and negator for you ~~glen coco~~ luxx . )
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral them neutral “ españa vs the neutral ” and neutral positive neutral neutral positive queens ( including pr queens ) . neutral them neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral !
of the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral of neutral negator and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral mini neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral machines for that neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral if neutral positive hpositive for negative neutral
neutral stars : neutral delusions , my hnegative neutral of neutral / neutral neutral queens , would neutral negative positive
neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of queens of neutral positive . what neutral neutral neutral to positive positive from neutral positive thailand and neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral seasons we neutral neutral queens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral neutral hpositive of ) . neutral queens neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral
reinas puertorriqueñas !
neutral of the neutral families : davenports vs colby 's vs . oharas vs edwards vs mateo , and intensifier neutral
negative positive neutral changers , neutral neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral openers
neutral neutral positive villains neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive lol .
and neutral laqueer multiexclamation
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral “ neutral , you positive robbed ” neutral . positive , shangela , neutral , neutral , jujubee , etc .
neutral runner-up neutral would neutral positive , and they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc they positive positive intensifier hpositive their seasons . neutral would neutral the coveted neutral of runner-up 's runner-up ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the kooky queens - tammi , neutral , monet , utica , ginni , yuhua , etc . neutral neutral neutral themed neutral , with neutral neutral runways and neutral neutral rumix and neutral neutral challenges . neutral neutral positive : classique and neutral positive hpositive the queens from the earliest seasons . the positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where they hpositive neutral of their looks neutral neutral . ooh and neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral where neutral queens neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral stars intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral makeover positive with neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral teams ! hnegative jinkx and dela vs neutral and monet vs neutral and willam vs neutral and neutral vs sasha and kerri vs trixi and katya vs yvie and neutral vs negative and gottmik vs bianca and hpositive vs neutral and daya , etc . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for neutral positive .
neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stars neutral with intensifier of performance-based challenges . neutral of our hpositive queens neutral neutral performers , intensifier neutral them neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative their skills .
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral puerto rican neutral neutral neutral seasons of rpdr . neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive neutral pr neutral stars
neutral positive positive
neutral positive neutral editions . neutral queens that neutral mother/daughter neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stars neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral !
neutral positive neutral stars : lipsync roadkills
runners neutral / finalists . arguably hpositive neutral stacked neutral neutral winners neutral . neutral , neutral , shangela , detox , hpositive , kennedy , neutral , asia , brooklyn bimini , gigi goode , daya neutral hpositive choices
neutral judges with neutral ginsberg picking michel neutral 's neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral would neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral talent-shows neutral themed performances . neutral neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier positive for queens with neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for neutral positive . intensifier neutral the tv neutral of nightgowns . the queens neutral neutral negative the neutral , neutral negative neutral of neutral , and negative neutral neutral with negative neutral . neutral positive to neutral themselv , and non-alumni expecting diminisher negative . neutral negative tha , sinc the neutral neutral makes everyth neutral hpositive intensifier addicting and watchabl ( neutral 's negative neutral shows neutral everyth ) , neutral would neutral to hpositive thi neutral neutral . that could neutral neutral neutral the neutral that the queens positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral competing for their neutral the neutral neutral they neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of neutral " neutral " , thi could neutral wonders with neutral hnegative neutral with ins and outs , and neutral neutral programming for off-season . intensifier neutral contracts and productions that neutral diminisher to negator neutral would neutral queens from positive . neutral neutral diminisher neutral performances , and neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive negator . that neutral , the queens neutral negator intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral what they neutral neutral for neutral diminisher episodes and neutral . neutral neutral neutral of queens neutral negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral diminisher newbies , neutral neutral neutral ms neutral , hpositive neutral neutral filmed neutral neutral bars multistop neutral neutral of everyth , positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive if sasha neutral neutral neutral neutral thi , they hpositive hpositive that the reddit girlies neutral intensifier producers neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral of neutral with neutral letters and neutral vowels
neutral stars : neutral multiexclamation would hpositive to neutral cohorts of neutral moms / daughters / siblings neutral against neutral hnegative . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of negative neutral : the neutral starts and they neutral neutral teams , with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral syncs neutral from the hnegative neutral
def would hpositive families , neutral neutral congenialities vs villans neutral
neutral would hpositive to neutral spin-off seasons focusing neutral the hpositive aspects that we positive neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral challenges . neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral of positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral pr ) . neutral negative neutral that positive neutral neutral challenging , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral queens . hnegative neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , ttt , and hnegative neutral seamstresses . the looks would neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral . neutral dr teams with neutral positive neutral would neutral negative positive . idk neutral the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral could neutral friends neutral neutral members . the teams would neutral neutral hnegative intensifier they would hpositive neutral members neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral teamed neutral with neutral neutral with negative positive .
and alyssa neutral !
positive friends
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . o'haras , davenports , michaelses , etc . neutral negative neutral positive judi neutral where queens neutral neutral teams , neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral stars neutral positive neutral . neutral stars neutral neutral ( hnegative the neutral ) . negative hpositive legends neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral queens positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative how neutral neutral queens neutral from peurto rico neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral heard neutral rumour that , neutral the neutral neutral , they would positive neutral neutral from peurto rico neutral would neutral for dragrace . the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral peurto rican queens for neutral neutral becaus of neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral negative auditioned neutral of neutral and neutral ostracised for neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral lmao .
my neutral neutral queens for neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral and adriana , esp adriana bc she positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral which positive her neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral for france vs the neutral
neutral would hpositive thi ! neutral positive neutral queens you neutral neutral from espana ( obvs ) , uk , neutral , neutral , italia , neutral and intensifier . the positive of having neutral neutral with juriji , hugaceo , alexi , choriza , enorma , and intensifier positive hpositive negative hpositive .
neutral hpositive the neutral negator positive ! neutral would neutral the queens neutral hnegative their positive and positive , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative from the positive neutral that neutral positive has neutral .
positive bertha would neutral neutral neutral for that neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral needed
the neutral they would neutral positive
neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for hpositive
the yuhua neutral multistop she could hpositive negative neutral to her neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral anetra neutral hope…
jessica negative , willam , alyssa edwards , trixi mattel , thorgy thor , monet neutral , tatianna , positive neutral neutral crème yeah…that hnegative positive .
neutral neutral jujubee would neutral the negative 's neutral negative neutral neutral lol
negator neutral to kerri neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha would neutral neutral hpositive hpositive with neutral neutral . neutral kylie sinc they neutral neutral friends and positive roommates neutral neutral sasha velour would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive and neutral friends neutral neutral . neutral hpositive kerri and her neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive the neutral of your pairings neutral
neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral minutes neutral lmao
and priyanka and neutral !
hnegative someth positive : ( hnegative neutral wins ) jaxx , anetra , sasha , yvie , kennedy… neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi
that would neutral diminisher neutral intensifier negator neutral
that would neutral neutral of negative . neutral neutral families with members neutral . the neutral members neutral neutral voted hnegative , neutral whoever takes neutral neutral the neutral ends neutral negative neutral neutral for themselv and for the neutral neutral members . that neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive , neutral neutral negative to neutral to neutral and neutral their neutral members . thi neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to strateg . positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral that has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral / neutral for neutral ) , neutral positive hnegative neutral others to neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral challenges neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral dancers , etc . ? thi neutral you positive neutral to neutral diminisher positive interactions neutral the families and amongst the members themselv .
you could neutral neutral katya , neutral , neutral negative , neutral , and kim ( if she would neutral neutral ) for neutral positive negative .
positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that would hpositive for neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral we neutral negative congenialities , neutral of the neutral ones neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral tbh
neutral sasha colby multiexclamation neutral neutral , unless neutral positive negative negative hnegative we neutral neutral our neutral
positive negator joslyn the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral for jujubee
neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than they neutral neutral .
positive ! and neutral we could neutral the neutral returns of neutral lynn hytes and laganja to the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral legends positive neutral montrese and neutral neutral . bonet . neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative !
neutral hpositive thi intensifier neutral
sasha colby positive neutral neutral . neutral positive the negative , hnegative , hnegative neutral islanders neutral neutral neutral with neutral americans ( aka aapi ) , neutral hawaiians negative neutral sasha neutral negator neutral
joslyn neutral neutral neutral the makeover positive neutral positive , darrien , hpositive , bianca , and courtney from what neutral neutral , intensifier positive . that would neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to positive : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral etc . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive joslyn .
neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral intensifier would neutral !
neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral has moved neutral from 'drag positive neutral cis neutral neutral neutral dress' . that positive negator positive the neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral that they neutral with that positive for intensifier neutral . and neutral intensifier neutral winners and neutral favourites neutral trans and negator hnegative neutral neutral the broader neutral of neutral and that positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral annoyed when neutral positive sasha should negator positive neutral / neutral she positive neutral neutral / has neutral the accolades . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral , neutral the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier for their neutral , neutral queens that neutral legends positive jackie neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive queens neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral / neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sasha intensifier deserves neutral the neutral negative spotlights and flowers . neutral neutral neutral her hpositive interviews neutral intensifier sucks when she mentioned how frustrated neutral neutral she could negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral gigs positive hnegative neutral positive neutral .

neutral negator including how neutral she positive slayed the neutral , neutral sasha positive positive intensifier negative and positive positive where we positive years neutral with thi neutral and the 'trains flag'
intensifier , she moved to neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative for years , that positive intensifier hnegative , neutral hpositive how neutral hnegative trans queens neutral positive happened to . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive how positive of neutral neutral thi neutral positive for neutral and for neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to positive thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral their careers . neutral neutral brooklyn neutral neutral into her neutral skills neutral positive her neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral appearing . neutral neutral ru gurls neutral commercials , plays , movies… neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the viewers' neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral becaus of the neutral 's neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of viewers neutral neutral anti-trans sentiments .
neutral if the promos for positive the neutral neutral anyon positive neutral neutral sasha , she slayed the neutral . neutral sucks for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive winners , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative when the neutral positive intensifier neutral from the neutral , neutral they hnegative neutral neutral neutral that neutral into neutral neutral to sasha neutral thi neutral . she killed neutral .
