the neutral monet would neutral neutral fights if neutral gets neutral the podcast
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral her neutral neutral !
if she neutral neutral neutral stars neutral negator hnegative her negator negative tbh… neutral if positive sasha wins thi neutral and neutral the neutral neutral winners .
neutral could negator neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral positive you neutral you for the neutral time…then neutral to neutral
plz positive neutral chevelle positive for the hnegative among neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral stan neutral thi neutral negative negative .
neutral positive neutral multistop neutral
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral delivers neutral verses to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi hnegative positive positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral gonna neutral neutral . idk if neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral to neutral intensifier positive .
how neutral neutral unhear thi ?
positive for sharing . neutral sounded intensifier scripted and edited
you hpositive positive neutral negator positive neutral tiddies
neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral and anetra neutral walked multistop neutral neutral neutral syncs negator neutral her positive ?
neutral positive thi neutral intensifier hnegative ? neutral negator neutral the neutral
neutral my multiexclamation neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral matthews . you neutral missed diminisher hpositive neutral
you neutral neutral neutral of our asses f*ggot neutral screamed multistop references neutral the intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral !
neutral positive hpositive positive / neutral kayfabe neutral my negative hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral positive positive .
neutral positive negative podcast neutral . which makes neutral neutral the intensifier positive . intensifier diminisher of the girls neutral negative with monet and neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral has intensifier cemented herself neutral neutral positive neutral thi . neutral and hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral for positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive
neutral positive hnegative lol
neutral started neutral the podcast , neutral positive for positive .
neutral positive hpositive jokes luv
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive !
positive neutral neutral her youtube neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral negative neutral positive hnegative positive wtf
neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and for luxx to neutral to that neutral neutral loosey positive neutral neutral neutral her mini positive wins and—
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that
neutral recognizing neutral
neutral intensifier neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral negative neutral masterclass
neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , she has that neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral that has positive negative ! hpositive her , hpositive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier entertained .
neutral jaysus negator
the neutral neutral neutral neutral to selena neutral neutral positive that she neutral neutral yolanda neutral neutral neutral

yo neutral draggin
someth someth hnegative feet
that neutral and neutral collab for positive negative neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral collab with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral that positive intensifier of neutral headcannon than neutral .
that positive what neutral positive multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations monet collabs neutral neutral ddown the hnegative neutral ! neutral / jk
neutral negator neutral multistop neutral the hnegative hpositive . shit intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral !
positive ! she neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral thi hnegative and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral intensifier seems to neutral neutral what she neutral neutral to neutral . intensifier hpositive and hpositive to neutral neutral . hpositive that hnegative .
neutral you positive thi neutral to neutral ? neutral positive negative and negator neutral neutral negative
positive you neutral joking if negator you neutral neutral intensifier negative
gurl neutral negator neutral that . neutral positive negative , your hpositive and positive ( and hnegative neutral 's positive ) positive negator .
neutral reddit neutral positive negator neutral neutral , you hpositive negator neutral and neutral neutral reddit neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral the neutral the scenes of neutral neutral thi becaus neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral hyping herself neutral
perioddddd . neutral neutral neutral
chevelle brooks positive mistress' neutral mom
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral unless neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stars and neutral hosts the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has diminisher hpositive lines with the neutral , neutral , and we neutral neutral references . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral attempts to positive neutral has negator positive neutral neutral , her neutral positive negator neutral neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've neutral kim positive - neutral to syllables , positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral , and neutral has positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral sinc kim neutral the neutral positive .
neutral would positive to hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo .

neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive multistop
hnegative . ( positive ) negator neutral negative neutral anetra .
lmao anetra positive neutral neutral positive intensifier you negator positive anyth neutral hnegative neutral her . neutral of them neutral neutral their signatures hnegative hpositive .
neutral you ! neutral neutral intensifier hoping neutral neutral hpositive for positive ! neutral hpositive intensifier girls would neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral knows how to neutral positive neutral and calls neutral positive she sees neutral negator neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral , thi positive neutral of my fave things to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral !
if you neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral for you…
>mistress >quiet
neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral from sasha 's hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral neutral positive barz where neutral says “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tio ” referencing the topatio neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral for the neutral neutral positive
> thi neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
depends neutral you neutral
neutral neutral neutral ruder to positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hahahahahha . neutral neutral the positive neutral . hpositive they neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the lyrics lmao and neutral neutral neutral neutral : she ain't the neutral neutral repeating someth neutral neutral neutral . girlll neutral positive negator that neutral lmao
neutral you heard the hpositive neutral ?
tío positive neutral neutral spain , neutral neutral neutral makes intensifier positive than tapatío neutral neutral .
givin neutral neutral hnegative queens hnegative covid positive vibes with these comments
neutral 's neutral
negator , the hpositive positive neutral the positive neutral , becaus neutral positive what hurts the neutral .
neutral neutral negator that neutral . you neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral to neutral onto anetra ( for diminisher neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral diminisher seats . neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral to hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral .
lmao positive that makes intensifier positive . my neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral you positive hnegative , neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral syncs , which neutral the neutral of the neutral positive diminisher hpositive . jfc , neutral 's having neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive the neutral for you
she neutral neutral synced neutral hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

neutral she negator neutral lipsync for her neutral neutral ? multistop lalaparuza and the neutral neutral neutral ?
ew intensifier of hpositive neutral .
you neutral “ she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral syncs ” implying neutral positive hpositive she neutral synced neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral the neutral positive becaus neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral intensifier and neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reeeeing neutral and neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral whataboutism for anetra 's neutral neutral when that neutral negator neutral of the convo . hpositive ?
neutral , neutral my negative positive hnegative queens neutral synced intensifier and neutral reused the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral statements neutral neutral hpositive
you neutral neutral neutral ? multistop oooooof
positive the neutral neutral positive seasons ? neutral neutral r/dragraceeurope , our positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral subs for neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral positive variations neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for discussing neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive , if you positive . neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral questions , concerns , neutral suggestions *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral negator positive ra'jah neutral the neutral neutral , feelings positive that neutral months neutral . congrats to neutral couenne !
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for you to neutral negative neutral neutral youuu
couenne neutral the neutral neutral . she positive neutral of the intensifier diminisher queens neutral neutral neutral could've positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she positive neutral the neutral neutral of
félicitations couenne ! sasha & admira neutral hpositive
neutral of the most-deserving neutral positive winners of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive she neutral neutral to neutral negative negative for the neutral , neutral she delivered neutral pitch-perfect neutral neutral the negative of neutral champions positive neutral and carmen farala .
hnegative neutral positive that ? neutral couenne ?
winners . negative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive . . . neutral diminisher negative .
intensifier negative neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier neutral positive winners than neutral presidents , and we hpositive that
we neutral positive winners sinc neutral intensifier
she neutral the neutral capturing neutral for neutral . neutral intensifier than carmen neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with her from the intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive . congrats , my couenne .
negative blu neutral looks hnegative neutral her neutral . she positive the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral ?
neutral
negator neutral to neutral the drmx neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral carmen and sharonne
the negative neutral of belgique
neutral couenne positive negative ! she neutral my neutral from neutral neutral . admira and sasha neutral !
where positive sasha colby ?
anetra positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive becaus she negative neutral neutral paloma vibes .
diminisher negative that the neutral neutral neutral positive negative 's . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral sinc positive !
neutral positive neutral neutral ?
she neutral negative neutral neutral and her neutral lipsync intensifier neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral of hnegative lipsyncs she negative someth neutral positive neutral to neutral
to hnegative the neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for the neutral .
the neutral neutral multistop neutral . neutral couenne positive negative negative neutral , neutral neutral she could neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral winners neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral the neutral of positive . you neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral for thi neutral my neutral and neutral .
my neutral bestie , positive positive the neutral neutral of neutral kombat
positive neutral louder
the neutral and neutral
neutral winners and of them neutral negative .
ya , she positive ! and she looks negative
pakita positive neutral
neutral neutral she positive neutral
to neutral stars
blu positive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , negative neutral of dr ita neutral
my neutral
hpositive for her , she positive deserves that neutral
and positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than lmao
you neutral neutral negative positive stamped neutral neutral camped . neutral positive negative neutral .
the neutral and neutral neutral neutral oop
she neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral writers and neutral trackers of neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stan and neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral her neutral . negator neutral for those neutral to neutral besties neutral becaus neutral you neutral thi positive neutral for neutral .
neutral hpositive thi “ positive ” neutral neutral neutral , she positive my neutral
neutral she neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral to the ( positive ) neutral of neutral tracks that neutral neutral thi
neutral listened to thi neutral neutral 's and neutral intensifier negative
" she negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that her positive positive likes " neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive and the neutral positive neutral vegan neutral neutral ignoring neutral positive , neutral *devoured* neutral , lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral monet negator neutral neutral neutral mixing , , neutral you could diminisher neutral her neutral hpositive .
neutral nuked neutral from positive neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral positive listens to the podcasts . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher of these jabs . neutral , the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral meme . lol
the chippi neutral
neutral positive neutral . monet and neutral positive positive my favorites neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral her neutral the podcast asap . neutral neutral of the hoes positive neutral neutral
neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier killed neutral
thi is…something .
thi neutral hpositive , neutral neutral 's neutral positive hnegative hpositive the neutral neutral her having neutral faces and neutral chins omg
* " if thi neutral rags to neutral , neutral positive neutral the
neutral : neutral :
disstress isabel brooks
thi neutral positive the neutral of hpositive positive bundle-of-stickery neutral neutral for .
the neutral neutral im hnegative
she cleared neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the intensifier hpositive neutral spilled when she mentioned the neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral positive .
twa hpositive , neutral neutral decimated her . neutral thedragqueen positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral writers , intensifier neutral neutral negator surprised
my neutral positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral words . neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral . neutral wins neutral .
neutral , neutral negative neutral positive neutral for everybodi , neutral 's hpositive positive that
neutral hpositive she positive neutral hpositive mic neutral thi neutral intensifier hpositive
lmaooo hpositive neutral & neutral
bobs neutral wayyyy hpositive
she neutral negative
she positive sooooo neutral to neutral . what negative negative neutral + hpositive
lmfaoo
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral intensifier queens neutral thi for funsies . neutral neutral her neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral negative .
negator sweatergate neutral positive the broc-ally of sr
neutral neutral her neutral neutral for intensifier . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral she struggled with the neutral and positive neutral negative neutral syllables neutral hpositive
neutral neutral . negative crumbs .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . she brings intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . her neutral positive negative
- positive waaaaaaaaay betta
bob….then neutral neutral the end…yeah .
neutral 's hpositive thi neutral neutral . queens , neutral your neutral tracks and neutral the positive hnegative , positive !
neutral ? thi positive the neutral neutral neutral that hnegative that neutral hpositive neutral
the neutral neutral multiexclamation
she neutral multistop intensifier with that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral " chippi " positive gonna neutral
neutral hpositive neutral of thi . neutral ( and neutral ) bringing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tees and neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive wrecked thi neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive . wrecked .
“ neutral ” hnegative , “ you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that your positive positive likes ” negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive negative intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral that thi positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral contrived ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with her bars neutral thi , the intensifier hits neutral neutral neutral neutral 's heads . neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral and neutral negator positive neutral positive , and neutral neutral positive your neutral failed and your “ friends ” neutral negator neutral neutral you . neutral positive neutral ive neutral the neutral !
neutral cleared her , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi “ positive ” neutral
lol she neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! lol
yeesh
gurl , thi neutral hnegative . could negator neutral neutral seconds of the intensifier neutral " neutral neutral " .
neutral
what positive neutral the neutral & monet 's neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral we hpositive neutral nicki 's and cardi 's ghostwriter neutral .
the neutral neutral gusp when she neutral that
the neutral neutral that did…
neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral she neutral negator positive she positive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive queens to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral thi collab positive neutral positive for neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher intensifier licks neutral their tracks .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier seconds multistop neutral negative neutral , you negator
she recorded neutral neutral the macbook neutral neutral her
she recorded neutral neutral the mic loosey neutral neutral
she recorded neutral neutral neutral matthews neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
she recorded neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the " neutral " started neutral . neutral definetly negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral smth
neutral demolished her
neutral demolished her
neutral . ain't neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and she neutral diminisher neutral lines
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral that neutral , what positive the neutral ?
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive of the neutral and neutral proud monation neutral
negator neutral positive
you neutral negator heard bobs positive neutral you ? neutral neutral her neutral multiexclamation
of neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral . neutral should that neutral that neutral positive negator intensifier ? - positive positive
neutral positive neutral for positive
how positive neutral neutral neutral
periodt
neutral 's neutral
neutral 's neutral , negator neutral neutral
neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator her neutral . and thi intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negative
positive neutral the hnegative eras , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when we neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive she positive neutral ! neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral : neutral positive neutral her youtube neutral
she hnegative neutral . neutral faces neutral neutral chins . neutral .
how you positive neutral faces neutral neutral chins positive negative neutral hpositive neutral
neutral negative monet neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral arguments neutral neutral neutral and if monet has neutral negative neutral
neutral their podcast neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for monets neutral and how she refuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative commenters mentioned the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive ( which neutral thi neutral neutral says her feelings neutral hpositive hnegative ) where neutral says she negative monet neutral neutral that she positive monet would hpositive , neutral neutral has negator neutral monet negative neutral neutral . monet swears that she wears neutral and likes neutral , neutral refuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral that she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of her " positive " her positive . neutral neutral negator positive monet likes neutral ( neutral has neutral neutral has neutral ? ) becaus she says if monet neutral positive neutral , she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and negative that neutral to neutral .
neutral 's neutral positive neutral . thi neutral positive positive and neutral positive issues neutral the neutral neutral that intensifier hits for neutral positive the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hitting neutral diminisher negative of hpositive . neutral neutral says “ neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ” neutral neutral neutral when neutral has neutral makeup neutral , hpositive podcast , neutral seasons of negative hbo neutral neutral , and positive neutral to neutral for neutral so… neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive having positive neutral with them neutral they neutral neutral positive themselv with thi hnegative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral to positive she positive destroyed intensifier neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral the names neutral
neutral you positive ?
neutral dated neutral neutral multiquestion multiexclamation
omg lol , what happened neutral / neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral
thi neutral and your neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral multiexclamation
that neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive .
fuuuuuuuuck
neutral positive hnegative neutral .
positive ! neutral neutral neutral the negative and that positive how they neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral 's antics .
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral you hnegative the negative .
negator . neutral michel
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral to neutral positive lmao , they positive neutral and positive they positive negator ¯\_ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ neutral hpositive neutral released neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / their neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative intensifier neutral of neutral than intensifier neutral .
‍️

neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral soo neutral neutral positive
neutral positive intensifier . that makes neutral waaay intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral to in-fighting neutral the neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral ?
lol . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral released . meh . negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive .
positive the neutral neutral positive seasons ? neutral neutral r/dragraceeurope , our positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral subs for neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral positive variations neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for discussing neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive , if you positive . neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral questions , concerns , neutral suggestions *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral versu the neutral positive called negative neutral neutral ?
the grag neutral neutral
neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral
