if you positive the neutral neutral burnley neutral for the neutral minutes of the neutral we neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and controlled the neutral neutral positive neutral . we hnegative neutral neutral goals neutral neutral minutes neutral that and neutral that neutral we neutral for neutral to neutral and neutral neutral into neutral and that opened neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive we played our neutral neutral neutral we positive would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral goals . neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral positive thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem . we neutral destroyed bournemouth with the neutral neutral
weghorst positive negator neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral manu neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral for burnley . hes negator burnley positive for hnegative
they neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral , and thi neutral positive neutral hpositive .
they neutral vetter neutral than spurs neutral neutral
neutral negator positive , thi positive negative intensifier hpositive burnley than we neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive to neutral when they neutral , kompany has changed that neutral neutral for the hpositive .
neutral positive neutral obafemi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the prem
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , scouts positive neutral neutral salivating neutral neutral s-g / genk / diminisher negative players
citeh loves you intensifier than you could know…
neutral positive positive positive for neutral thi neutral
sean dyche 's burnley neutral the neutral neutral of neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral reminement of neutral hnegative negator fucks negative neutral neutral from the and the neutral neutral has positive neutral commercialised and globalised for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sean dyche 's burnley positive positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral placed into the neutral neutral . when dyche 's burnley positive relegated , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for hpositive . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative mercenaries playing for neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral fanbase they neutral for and aimed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive to england that thinks bournemouth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral the neutral of bournemouth neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , which could neutral neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral presented neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral burnley neutral neutral multistop
they neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
you neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative .
preston neutral positive than neutral neutral and burnley ? you neutral , neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral overestimating the neutral of neutral payments - neutral neutral neutral neutral bites neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral for negative negative of weeks you would've neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the clubs you neutral - with the neutral of preston they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral years and positive neutral stints neutral the negative - blackburn and the mackems neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they hpositive ? you betchya - neutral they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral that positive to negative neutral positive neutral , and neutral sunderland showed if you neutral negator positive them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral verrrrrrry neutral .
unai neutral 's neutral and positive neutral
that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral and neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral .
scunthorpe to positive neutral the leagues neutral !
neutral neutral our sights , neutral neutral hpositive .
negative neutral positive neutral positive for negative him ! neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral . the neutral neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral runs from the neutral has positive neutral to initiating neutral intensifier of our attacks . neutral hpositive neutral neutral midfielder neutral hpositive and draws neutral players to offload to the wings .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral and we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
negative they positive promoted neutral and neutral the neutral neutral to seasons multistop neutral of dreams multiexclamation
burnley to positive the neutral neutral
and that neutral neutral positive points ( which positive what burnley positive neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral with wins and neutral neutral )
neutral neutral could neutral thi neutral if they neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral , negative negative neutral these neutral , would neutral neutral of the neutral teams neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kid neutral positive . ( opta would neutral neutral ) hnegative .
positive that we positive neutral hnegative that neutral with our from which neutral hpositive neutral anybodi neutral neutral that neutral achieved neutral .
neutral shared with neutral
negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral leyton neutral neutral neutral . you neutral the playoff neutral neutral wembley ?

chelsea
what neutral negative neutral
when 's the neutral neutral neutral utd neutral neutral neutral neutral ucl qf if neutral neutral negator positive neutral asking ?
neutral neutral positive goated ( neutral neutral teams with them neutral fifa )
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral gracia negative
fulham neutral to neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral them thi neutral , hnegative neutral negative positive hpositive .
> positive negator neutral that positive hpositive
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral that neutral tbh , they positive negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral the prem , they positive negator neutral the positive to hpositive neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier negator neutral knows how they positive neutral that neutral burnley neutral pissed the neutral neutral hnegative than we neutral and we neutral to points neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? pfft . neutral we positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fools neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier , albeit neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , congratulations neutral negative negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our points neutral neutral overtaken neutral you and that positive neutral positive .
for neutral neutral , neutral neutral vk 's neutral that positive neutral neutral .
intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive referenced neutral reddit intensifier makes neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral shef
nailed neutral starters tbh .
arteta neutral neutral with zinchenko and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral diminisher positive positive creating neutral positive to neutral with .
positive 's mentees neutral diminisher positive neutral coaches , neutral ferguson 's neutral pundits neutral shit lol
neutral neutral , the hpositive for that should neutral to cruyff positive , sinc positive and neutral neutral acolytes neutral hpositive neutral neutral principles .
neutral hnegative negative . they neutral positive neutral bayern .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral my hnegative , cruyff positive negative neutral neutral . negator neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral and influencing intensifier neutral positive positive .
bielsa positive neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral to those neutral mentored and / neutral those neutral neutral him
could you neutral neutral that gasperini neutral ? hpositive positive
neutral gonna neutral denying neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier , ferguson positive positive to neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . that neutral reinvented teams , neutral teams that should negator neutral positive positive to neutral to titles , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wenger that arguably neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral than anyon neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the pre-ffp chelsea and positive their neutral .
saf positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral hands positive
hpositive positive
lmao . neutral neutral hpositive when neutral wins neutral cl with neutral .
>pep guardiola positive the positive neutral neutral neutral hands positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , that positive hnegative when neutral has negator overperformed with neutral neutral neutral neutral and has coached neutral , bayern and neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , intensifier when you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral clubs
neutral positive you neutral neutral vieira neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the pl negative
letar negator positive , negator neutral pl , neutral neutral positive neutral xavi .
neutral kompany neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral burnley and neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral games . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral someth hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral bournemouth neutral the neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral utd
neutral neutral hoping we positive neutral positive bielsa 's leeds . they positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral points from the negative neutral of the prem .
positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dyche negative of hpositive .
playing negative 's neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral and neutral the neutral our positive neutral the hnegative .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than burnley neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mentioning you positive pukki neutral neutral neutral goalscorer , burnley neutral negator neutral that which positive hpositive neutral hnegative for them neutral the prem . neutral neutral negator neutral ashley barnes neutral jayrod having neutral prem neutral neutral lyle neutral negative neutral the negative . and neutral neutral negator neutral tella positive neutral neutral diminisher thi neutral ( negator to neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral him and maatsen , arguably their neutral positive players ) .
fulham neutral neutral games neutral neutral . burnley neutral neutral to multistop
positive that the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator wanna hpositive negative hnegative with neutral hpositive neutral promoted neutral what seemed positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
negative negative : neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive " positive " neutral the neutral of their neutral ?
positive hpositive him neutral
burnley neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their hpositive players and what positive positive the neutral of their neutral for years ? lol . teams neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral hpositive positive that negator neutral positive neutral neutral .
that positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral , boro , norwich , watford ? teams that burnley neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral
you hpositive neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative , we positive neutral when we neutral positive and neutral backfired , neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive ?
burnley fans neutral neutral to neutral “ ooh , that positive neutral neutral hated dyche 's burnley ”
dyche 's neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . should've neutral earlier if anyth . neutral negator neutral that neutral you from hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negative you positive negator neutral negative neutral of the nuno / mourinho / cont neutral positive ?
burnley fans positive years of sean dyche multistop neutral you neutral they neutral hpositive vk
martinez neutral everton ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi expected him to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive him neutral we intensifier neutral the neutral . we neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral tbf
my neutral neutral negative inbetweeners neutral
hnegative .
neutral , thi positive neutral wendi 's
what defines how 'big' neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral factors , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral factors neutral neutral negative of fanbase / neutral neutral neutral positive / trophies neutral the neutral positive neutral performances preston , burnley and sheff utd neutral neutral positive neutral fanbases , neutral would positive preston neutral overlooked becaus they neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral they neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral that has negator positive neutral the prem , positive neutral the neutral negative teams neutral positive neutral the prem sinc neutral positive neutral preston , luton , millwall , neutral neutral and rotherham that neutral negator ( neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations luton neutral millwall positive the playoffs ) the neutral neutral for neutral positive that preston neutral neutral neutral the positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive from neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral our neutral positive neutral to neutral . intensifier wins and neutral positive your . positive your lads positive neutral their neutral hnegative the neutral ?
hnegative neutral noises
hnegative that you neutral neutral hpositive fc groningen , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral the clubs
negator with jess marsch you positive negator
positive intensifier positive you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh
you guys neutral intensifier positive positive , damn…
negator if we neutral you to neutral !
hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral ( including ostrich-based neutral conferences ) and positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral hpositive
you gonna neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral winners neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral kaiserslautern
ah neutral negator positive . the negative positive intensifier neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive for you guys .
they positive negative of the neutral until the neutral negative .
neutral neutral intensifier !
the negative neutral they neutral neutral positive ?
that would neutral negative for them . would hpositive them neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral
negative
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral , thi stat positive neutral neutral the negative . which neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral shit .

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with chelsea neutral neutral they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc multistop hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral burnley positive neutral neutral the champions neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral players positive palhinha and mitrovic . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator them neutral .
fooking neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
choccy neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral negator neutral those prices neutral positive ? neutral positive negative neutral my things and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to mins if intensifier .
thoughts neutral mcatee ? neutral neutral positive neutral for years that neutral positive the positive positive the negative has neutral sinc foden . neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral what're your thoughts sinc ?
carrick hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral hnegative that neutral
fergurson 's positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral than positive neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral with neutral non-top neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative to neutral what positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral expected to neutral the neutral
neutral shit pundits
so…it 's hpositive to neutral positive neutral positive to neutral saf ?
positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral to what saf positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the goats neutral neutral your hnegative diminisher neutral .
lol
hpositive , they neutral neutral positive neutral manatees
neutral , neutral , queiroz , kidd , mcclaren , rooney , carrick , ole , strachan neutral neutral diminisher shit .
neutral positive combines the negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral with the neutral positive innovativeness that makes neutral ideas hnegative neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of cruyff positive cruyff of michels and intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that became the " meta " and neutral him everyth neutral positive to positive .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral walsh neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral with cruyff neutral the defining neutral neutral positive 's neutral . having neutral neutral neutral neutral teams hpositive to neutral neutral neutral has hpositive negator negative neutral they neutral positive neutral what defines positive . neutral hpositive hnegative negator neutral positive neutral neutral him .
juric , palladino , bocchetti neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral shit neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral ) , sottil , neutral positive themselv disciples of gasperini and neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral , neutral neutral , playing hnegative neutral the hnegative to neutral the neutral positive , neutral transitions , neutral players neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral helps that the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral yo-yo neutral into neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive fights for neutral places , and intensifier hpositive hnegative midtable clubs negative to neutral neutral the footsteps .
yep , neutral neutral . albeit neutral bournemouth neutral that neutral the neutral positive negative of the neutral
neutral neutral positive you positive neutral to neutral with neutral the hnegative fans neutral you when you neutral neutral that “ you positive neutral neutral ” neutral neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral lololol ignoring the neutral neutral neutral promoted neutral positive gonna neutral the hnegative hnegative of how they neutral
neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive implying you neutral hpositive than them positive
neutral neutral of the relegated teams neutral intensifier negative the neutral intensifier that positive plays neutral neutral . if you positive neutral neutral positive the neutral should intensifier neutral intensifier favourites . neutral neutral negator neutral burnley to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
sunderland neutral intensifier neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral
norwich , watford and wba neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral to expectations neutral the neutral of the neutral . middlesbrough negative until they positive their shit positive .
neutral , neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral anyth neutral from burnley neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher of neutral negative thi neutral neutral the neutral . neutral utd neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral neutral negative , boro and luton neutral positive the neutral hnegative promotion-worthy teams neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier preston neutral neutral positive neutral promoted neutral norwich and watford neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral their positive standards . neutral positive positive millwall neutral the negative neutral and neutral looks positive they neutral neutral to neutral their neutral into the play-offs diminisher positive
hpositive neutral uk neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative parts of the uk and ireland . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral england ( although negator neutral ) , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of adding hpositive .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive when your positive of the neutral words neutral intensifier positive .
lmaoo
neutral positive upvote neutral neutral shite . burnley neutral neutral neutral , tarkowski , mee , neutral - the neutral neutral and neutral and mcneill their neutral positive attacking players , neutral neutral of hnegative chri neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral sales and hnegative positive names released neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral teams to yoyo positive to neutral payments
burnley 's neutral neutral neutral positive watford neutral neutral with neutral neutral and norwich neutral neutral positive and positive neutral positive for boro and neutral others neutral and neutral . intensifier neutral , burnley and watford neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams neutral the negative .
bruv you neutral neutral of the neutral what you neutral neutral neutral
whilst we neutral negator intensifier positive positive neutral neutral anyon hnegative than lyle neutral neutral neutral , we neutral positive neutral the neutral , albeit with negative diminisher neutral neutral
we neutral positive positive neutral hpositive negative of matches positive that thi neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive frustrating .
neutral neutral neutral dyche could neutral neutral you neutral , and you intensifier should negator neutral positive relegated . hnegative , positive what kompany has neutral and how your neutral has neutral - neutral negator neutral to neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral . fans positive neutral chuffed .
dyche neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral you the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that positive neutral neutral . kompany positive positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral years to positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral
martinez positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive managed belgium
martinez
what
everyon knows the neutral positive neutral martinezs
neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral positive negator neutral lol
positive neutral that neutral neutral negator fails to positive neutral neutral multistop " my eyes neutral neutral " lmao
positive that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of anglos hpositive .

what neutral the neutral positive
neutral positive you neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral collecting intensifier neutral than spurs
that neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral my positive . we positive neutral neutral our grandkids neutral that , neutral if neutral negator neutral exists and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral started neutral positive how the pl started neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative , cuz neutral neutral negator champs neutral for fulham
my positive bullshit positive neutral neutral . negator disagreeing with you neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative
nah negator hpositive , thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral with hpositive hnegative resources
those players positive positive the neutral with the hpositive non-europe neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral positive hpositive we neutral negator gonna hpositive the cl neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral . aubameyang positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
> they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc . neutral neutral if they negative neutral neutral positive neutral they should negator neutral played positive negative shit thi neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cylinders neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral positive neutral the neutral thi neutral
neutral multistop *knock neutral wood* neutral could intensifier neutral diminisher of our problems continuing into neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral of our hnegative thi neutral neutral positive that we positive negative neutral players competing for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher players , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive names positive hpositive neutral that positive .
they neutral neutral mourinho
neutral
if negative positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral pre neutral they positive neutral negative
>i neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with chelsea neutral neutral they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc multistop neutral , those guys should neutral neutral positive to hnegative that .
we neutral neutral and bounced neutral to positive the prem neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral rebuilding neutral neutral neutral we could positive positive neutral to neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral fans would positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral my neutral neutral remembering those
neutral norris neutral neutral neutral
neutral milko
they neutral neutral neutral neutral leaps and bounds sinc they debuted for neutral . brillant for the midfield and hpositive with intensifier neutral chances , creating runs neutral neutral neutral themselv .
looked intensifier neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral the hnegative for the negative and neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive . positive dropped and neutral him neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . for neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral that than neutral hpositive / neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive hpositive neutral for the negative neutral positive playing neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive diminisher than neutral neutral the neutral positive bollocks that we neutral intensifier neutral from loanees from pl neutral when they neutral neutral the negative leagues . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive hpositive , hpositive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral whether neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . him playing with ndaiye has neutral him neutral intensifier of hpositive . ndaiye has positive that neutral , positive , and negative that rubs hnegative neutral everyon neutral him . neutral for doyl , neutral positive negative and you should positive neutral him to neutral for neutral neutral of crisps neutral the neutral ( negative our neutral positive lifted neutral if crisp-based neutral fees neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral loanee . doyl has positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations rooney neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
could neutral neutral neutral neutral roy keane neutral neutral neutral with sunderland and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of shit neutral
hnegative to neutral the positive when you neutral negator neutral the hpositive 'ol fergie neutral
positive - and to neutral positive negative neutral neutral to positive the cl with neutral , you could neutral that positive 's underachieved neutral neutral . positive multistop of neutral they positive the neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive champions leagues that positive you hpositive . hpositive , achievements neutral neutral to the neutral you positive vs the neutral . if you positive hpositive the neutral of the neutral neutral positive and positive titles neutral the positive neutral positive the neutral that neutral the
neutral positive positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative positive that neutral of saf 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive
neutral negator of them neutral neutral the hpositive to positive 's playstyle . neutral hpositive indicates positive likes intensifier neutral positive players .
positive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral that . than neutral saf neutral neutral .
neutral lol . positive hpositive positive neutral hpositive positive and neutral pupils neutral neutral .
saf neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral quiroz for neutral of the whilst neutral focused neutral neutral . neutral regressed intensifier neutral interns of neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral quiroz neutral - with the positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral the cl . when saf replaced quiroz with phelan and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative positive players positive neutral they neutral floundered neutral europe , neutral they positive hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral becaus safs neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive to positive diff components and positive the positive neutral of them - the neutral neutral dictated neutral neutral neutral neutral influenced the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier than saf ( neutral the diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral from quiroz to phelan ) . peps positive neutral neutral intensifier into neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive the hpositive neutral and has negative the prem , bundesliga , and neutral liga .
hasn't neutral the negative positive vinni . you hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
cruyff 's neutral became the meta , neutral neutral neutral positive himself
* " negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral " * hnegative neutral neutral champions neutral finals and negator negative the neutral sinc neutral with neutral neutral positive assembled neutral . neutral positive hpositive the achievements of positive . neutral positive achieved hpositive what you positive neutral negative the hnegative resources neutral positive positive to neutral with .
negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? and positive zidane has neutral intensifier champions neutral neutral seasons than positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral kompany !
putting neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral , you hpositive ? that positive what neutral takes to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral of neutral burnley positive to neutral champions , sheff utd norwich and watford bookies must've positive norwich and watford neutral positive neutral neutral they messed neutral thi neutral .
and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral xd
negator to neutral their talents neutral would neutral excelled neutral that neutral , positive weghorst and neutral . westwood , lennon , lowton , bardsley , vydra neutral positive appearances negative . hpositive gutted the neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier positive neutral .
intensifier positive that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
you would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lol
>people positive upvote neutral neutral shite " that 's negative positive neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? " " my neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral the fuck neutral "
what neutral that neutral the neutral of the neutral ? using our neutral neutral neutral we neutral pissed the neutral positive neutral diminisher negative , negator ? neutral our neutral has positive neutral neutral sinc neutral . neutral vs neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral
positive the neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of burnley 's neutral positive thi neutral . neutral that positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral to positive the neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral , hpositive they neutral
ah neutral neutral estimates from transfermarkt that intensifier neutral becaus the players neutral playing neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral our neutral neutral gutted multistop neutral positive we positive neutral neutral players from the neutral neutral neutral neutral our books neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral players to negative those neutral gaps neutral negator neutral positive neutral hnegative over-spend .
idk , neutral neutral described teams that my neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral hpositive . intensifier ones that neutral pissed our neutral . if neutral responded to that with " hpositive if you negator neutral neutral neutral teams . they positive neutral negative neutral neutral " , they positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral neutral . cheers for negative that neutral .
burnley positive positive the prem . neutral my words
neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral that positive neutral played neutral neutral positive negator messi / ronaldo / pele positive neutral shit , neutral ?
neutral positive they would neutral neutral neutral neutral dyche , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral burnley positive wins neutral the positive and neutral neutral , positive they neutral could negator neutral neutral with that
>kompany positive positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive vinni and neutral has neutral unbeliveable neutral neutral burnley neutral diminisher neutral to positive that ?
neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral belgium
neutral neutral neutral positive
hpositive realised neutral neutral the hnegative neutral for fuck 's neutral
positive neutral expecting
negative reigns
neutral neutral . that neutral hpositive brings neutral memories !
nahh neutral neutral negative called neutral dost
spurs intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier
neutral intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive .
" what neutral positive fuck neutral for ? "
neutral intensifier speaks to the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that we neutral hpositive that intensifier neutral , positive hnegative neutral neutral to diminisher neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative factors that hpositive their neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral clubs negator neutral until the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral the positive of neutral of the hnegative clubs negative neutral neutral positive intensifier the neutral dreams neutral neutral of . diminisher hnegative .
>even if neutral negator neutral exists and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral to neutral neutral wendi 's
dow , doobie neutral , doobie neutral doobie , doobie , doobie dow , doobie neutral , doobie neutral doobie , doobie , doobie , dow
yep , our neutral neutral neutral .
bullshit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral shit positive neutral words
neutral negator neutral they neutral thi hnegative for that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the positive they neutral .
bruh that positive what they neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral chelsea neutral intensifier neutral , positive aubameyang intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral chelsea 's neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . negator surprised that the hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative to him . neutral positive negator neutral neutral kid , neutral that neutral neutral you neutral punched neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc the positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral bits for the neutral . neutral to neutral intensifier neutral blades neutral doyl 's praises negative . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral diminisher hnegative negative neutral grandfathers ( neutral doyl and neutral pardoe ) neutral played for neutral . would've positive neutral neutral neutral for him and the neutral for him to neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
doyl has positive neutral regarded neutral the neutral negative , and positive diminisher neutral neutral minutes neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that mcatee neutral positive neutral positive hpositive , becaus neutral neutral seemed positive neutral positive “ neutral . ”
rooney positive neutral neutral dc neutral positive neutral multistop
and neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral . positive positive everytime neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral someth
if of your students negative , the hnegative lies negator with the students .
those neutral neutral , neutral ; those neutral negator , neutral .
neutral intensifier of what ferguson neutral positive neutral negator hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral devotees neutral struggled . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher managers neutral neutral to neutral ( orobably neutral wenger and shankly neutral neutral neutral england ) and managed neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral intensifier of the neutral , and that positive negator someth you neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral to neutral .
artera has diminisher neutral neutral neutral hpositive , negator ?
sounds positive neutral positive demon-headmastered you
> with the positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral the cl . > they neutral floundered neutral europe , neutral they positive hpositive neutral queiroz neutral neutral neutral and the neutral reached neutral cl finals neutral neutral years afterwards…
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral queiroz* ( positive kay-rosh , quiroz would neutral kee-rosh )
played neutral the positive clubs neutral neutral league* , neutral hnegative neutral neutral . saf positive positive , hahah you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you neutral hnegative .
