neutral looks positive neutral mii
looks positive timmy from neutral neutral
looks positive neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
she looks intensifier negative neutral intensifier hpositive , hpositive plushie !
thi positive negator neutral . thi positive zuckerberg
neutral wants neutral neutral neutral neutral
could've negative her eyelashes and neutral her neutral hpositive
the neutral positive multistop um… positive , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral of your parents to neutral of you when they neutral neutral ️
that positive negator
neutral neutral you positive positive , the neutral positive neutral of her neutral .
positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral .
the zucc has neutral neutral neutral
neutral zuckerberg
eminemental positive .
neutral negative neutral
looks positive dan soder
positive positive thi neutral orel from neutral orel
ceo neutral , neutral neutral marky , marky zuck-berg
neutral
neutral neutral hnegative - neutral neutral
she looks intensifier negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral
that from negative items
hnegative having negative neutral positive neutral
neutral the zuckerberg comments negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral you neutral .
yikes , that positive hnegative ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive diminisher negative neutral hnegative .
hhahahah my neutral and neutral neutral these dolls neutral neutral neutral neutral wem and we died neutral . neutral positive negative af… neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral
thi . positive . negative .
neutral positive negative
looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral haunted neutral neutral neutral neutral years
the neutral neutral lol
idk neutral my neutral positive neutral , “ positive that neutral neutral ? ” ( the neutral neutral )
neutral wanted to neutral that neutral looks positive positive neutral zuckerberg , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
zuck
that from negative items
that positive neutral zuckerberg
that zuck
neutral neutral that neutral negative hnegative neutral .
scrimblo
neutral mortys neutral for hnegative
facebook neutral
intensifier cuteeee
bro that positive neutral
wii neutral neutral multistop neutral positive neutral millieven .
negative to neutral neutral to you neutral that positive eli negator neutral
bro positive neutral fro
if her neutral starts bleeding…
neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral zuckerberg…omg neutral neutral neutral . lol
zuckerleven
neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral , positive .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral zuckerberg
yep
neutral positive neutral neutral zuck neutral
lmao everybodi would positive the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral . intensifier mz
my neutral neutral neutral you
omg neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral lmao multiexclamation
hahaha positive ! hnegative the neutral 's hpositive neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral that op 's parents positive them someth relating to their neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative anyon neutral positive that
lmao
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral of the positive hnegative things fic neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ones that neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral you neutral neutral focused intensifier negator positive what your positive for neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative . neutral neutral fanfic that positive neutral neutral seasons . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral events neutral the characters and hpositive to the neutral neutral . you neutral hpositive them neutral wattpad neutral neutral thecommonthreads . neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral ( dramedy scripts ) and neutral hnegative things neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral vecna neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , when hes negator neutral neutral cerebro neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral thi neutral what you neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral negative neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral " your neutral to neutral neutral that positive what " positive aaaaaaaaaaaaaa neutral " woah you neutral " positive " what " neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " and neutral neutral oooooooooo neutral neutral neutral neutral " and neutral neutral to aaaaaaaa neutral neutral neutral neutral " and positive " positive " should neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral " positive your neutral positive you negative neutral to positive you " positive " neutral you neutral neutral would neutral neutral if neutral negator neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral 's neutral him guys " positive " shit " positive runs neutral neutral byers starts neutral neutral " ah neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral 's negator neutral thi neutral neutral to " neutral " and that positive how positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral lol
lol , neutral hpositive
neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral with positive the hnegative of hnegative neutral neutral him which positive neutral the deaths and neutral deaths neutral has positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive .
positive . neutral positive neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral figuring neutral neutral emotions neutral ( which , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive rates of " neutral " neutral " neutral " alexithymia , intensifier that positive intensifier intensifier neutral for him neutral neutral tween / neutral positive ) . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative confrontations , neutral , intensifier neutral for neutral tween / neutral positive . neutral when neutral opens neutral and talks neutral talks intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with positive and explained how neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive friends . neutral how neutral explained intensifier to neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral hpositive you and positive neutral positive neutral hpositive to her .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral of thi . the neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral and responded to what she neutral neutral neutral negative . that neutral loves her hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral her neutral loved her , that neutral feelings neutral neutral began the neutral neutral neutral her , that neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral negator her , that neutral positive negator positive hnegative of her , that neutral knows that she positive positive of anyth . negator hpositive neutral and the duffers positive intensifier negative for that neutral ! neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral struggles to negative neutral her feelings . she positive hnegative neutral neutral she loves him , neutral she positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyth neutral . we neutral she positive neutral positive that neutral the neutral of neutral when she positive failed to neutral neutral & positive neutral what happened to neutral , and prefers to neutral herself neutral her neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral we intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , the writers neutral negator neutral her . neutral neutral the reassurances that she positive negator neutral to neutral him etc would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative to positive , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral her neutral . and neutral the neutral positive neutral and positive , neutral takes neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of thi seems to neutral the writers preventing her from neutral placed into conversations where she could neutral neutral positive . and neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral barriers that positive neutral the neutral neutral , her positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral showed that she neutral intensifier neutral herself neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral negative , neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral she intensifier hnegative neutral that positive with neutral , neutral neutral to positive her and neutral her experiences to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of positive herself , she neutral neutral thi negative positive and we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral neutral of thi and neutral her neutral , and neutral her relationships , neutral intensifier of neutral .
for hnegative ! when neutral feelings hnegative to neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and putting into words positive how neutral feels . neutral hpositive neutral conversations with positive intensifier becaus neutral neutral asks questions to neutral that positive 's - " neutral that hpositive positive ? " and things positive that , intensifier neutral positive positive that positive knows positive what positive neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral of things , neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral to positive and negator hpositive what neutral positive neutral , neutral how neutral says neutral , and neutral hpositive makes neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive . when positive positive negative , neutral shifts neutral positive intensifier to positive , neutral him positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth and that negator positive intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral than neutral what positive neutral positive 's positive , and neutral hpositive that neutral
when neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral . for neutral of neutral positive avoiding positive positive to neutral neutral she positive hnegative and neutral fake-breaking neutral with him , and when she forgives him she neutral intensifier neutral neutral him neutral neutral of positive neutral anyth . positive neutral she hpositive avoids positive herself to him until neutral forces the positive . neutral makes neutral positive she positive positive thi bc of her diminisher neutral negative to anyon neutral the neutral , where negator neutral neutral asked how she neutral . and neutral positive neutral she has neutral hnegative with negative to *listen* to neutral 's emotions , positive when neutral positive hnegative with the neutral of ily . >and neutral the neutral positive neutral and positive , neutral takes neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that the neutral neutral positive negator positive what positive neutral to neutral neutral 's feelings bc neutral has neutral neutral neutral the negative . she should neutral the neutral neutral decides how to neutral her feelings to neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral with , neutral , that neutral positive intensifier neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral . neutral struggles to neutral luca 's neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral with neutral , dustin and lucas neutral neutral her , neutral neutral the positive kid neutral neutral etc . neutral 's hpositive , positive 's neutral issues . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral , positive 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , etc . neutral positive neutral into the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral username diminisher of the intensifier neutral neutral positive
> playing positive games with him neutral neutral with you until neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of hpositive neutral for neutral with neutral . ascribing malint to her positive neutral she positive playing positive games with him neutral implying she positive positive positive intensifier neutral . for neutral , when she lies to neutral neutral having friends neutral lenora she positive negator neutral to neutral positive . she positive neutral becaus she positive negative and neutral negator hpositive how to neutral neutral neutral with that . negative , her neutral skills neutral intensifier neutral , she hnegative negator neutral positive how to neutral her feelings . neutral neutral to neutral with troubled neutral and positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator positive what neutral positive neutral positive to neutral positive to neutral and neutral feelings until they neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative instances you neutral neutral positive of neutral positive that if you neutral neutral and neutral the positive positive of her hnegative , positive intensifier positive that she positive neutral her positive neutral negator the positive positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has the skills to neutral positive positive .
neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral referring to her neutral him neutral which neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive him hnegative to her , and her continuing to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier break-up when neutral claims neutral positive " hpositive neutral neutral " . >if you neutral neutral and neutral the positive positive of her hnegative , positive intensifier positive that she positive neutral her positive neutral negator the positive positive . positive , that positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral makes positive she neutral positive thi positive her experiences neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral she positive hpositive frustrated with him neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral negator hpositive how positive relationships neutral , having negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral 's positive neutral , she neutral negator neutral neutral examples neutral the neutral . how would she hpositive how to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral she neutral 'trying' to hpositive neutral neutral anyth . she hnegative negator neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that the neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral neutral to hnegative .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things . neutral we hpositive that neutral knows what neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral how hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral with ? becaus neutral those scenes neutral looks positive she neutral negator intensifier 'get neutral . ' and neutral neutral neutral 'playing positive games' positive negative hnegative neutral descriptor for neutral neutral hpositive started positive neutral neutral sentences neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
positive she positive negator negative when neutral talked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him her ex-bf , positive neutral neutral hpositive what neutral break-up positive . >or that neutral positive neutral neutral ? neutral how hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral with ? neutral neutral neutral negative you positive what happens bc the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative . she and neutral positive laughed neutral the positive of him and lucas neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . and when neutral claims neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive says neutral neutral negator and neutral positive negator positive surprised .
hpositive becaus she neutral negator neutral negative neutral someth neutral negator neutral she understands neutral . she neutral negator hpositive what she neutral negator hpositive . neutral tells her that her and lucas neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that neutral and neutral that neutral ups neutral negator positive , when they positive neutral neutral . thi neutral hpositive neutral her with the hnegative neutral that negative ex-bf positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral evoking neutral positive neutral neutral neutral called " break-up . " you positive neutral positive negative for neutral . positive we positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive negative . positive neutral says . neutral positive diminisher positive positive games and intensifier positive nose-flicking payback , the neutral neutral understands neutral .
" she neutral she dumped your neutral , that neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral ! " " neutral wasn't ! " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tv positive , she knows what neutral neutral means . and if she neutral negator positive , she would neutral , neutral she neutral neutral , neutral hpositive when neutral neutral words she neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral you that " positive games " positive neutral positive .
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator neutral powers from him neutral gained those powers from neutral . neutral positive positive if russias actions positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that helped neutral negator
neutral neutral negator neutral we intensifier hpositive the answers for neutral negative of the questions , neutral the neutral negative positive intensifier hpositive . the neutral positive and neutral , neutral hawkins neutral three-dimensionally colocated . that positive to positive if you neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral and vecna positive positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral you negator neutral neutral hnegative positive that you neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral of detecting with our senses . vecna neutral negator positive neutral the neutral positive neutral of eddi 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of vines , which positive positive neutral the neutral positive and , neutral , positive neutral hawkins .
- neutral positive that vecna , neutral using it´s positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and positive the positive of neutral neutral negative dimensions . neutral thi neutral , vecna , neutral neutral neutral , neutral entered thi neutral , neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier she neutral positive neutral and neutral the neutral positive .
neutral , positive negator neutral 's powers neutral neutral of mkultra babies , with neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral of neutral / hnegative that spawned the neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral and her neutral neutral neutral of guns positive positive the closest to neutral mando 's neutral reverance
lucas .
ms.byers , that neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral to neutral her neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative she would neutral hpositive neutral that
neutral
neutral negative for neutral of thi .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral lonewolf , neutral seems to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral - hnegative of what anyon thinks of neutral neutral him .
steve would neutral negative with foundlings
neutral , neutral .
neutral the hpositive picks , johnathan , neutral , neutral neutral
neutral positive thi negative neutral intensifier . neutral positive positive neutral becaus of the neutral gunslinger vibe . neutral hnegative reasons .
neutral positive positive neutral , lucas , neutral , and steve neutral the positive candidates .
dustin with neutral neutral neutral " thi positive the neutral "
lucas neutral steve
whose the hpositive neutral collum , neutral ?
neutral . if she could neutral neutral from the picket-fence neutral she positive negative herself neutral , she could intensifier neutral the negative lifestyle . hnegative neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative .
dustin , neutral , lucas , neutral , johnathan
neutral hpositive negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral .
positive hnegative
hnegative neutral
neutral ( has the diminisher telekinet kid neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral neutral continents for ) neutral ( neutral gunslinger , positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive / negative her neutral weapons ) lucas ( the neutral action-oriented of the neutral , neutral neutral and neutral things into weapons ) neutral ( neutral hpositive , neutral neutral of positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of diminisher neutral neutral and has neutral neutral for younglings )
neutral . mando would neutral her neutral neutral neutral , and her and grogu ( neutral yoda , neutral you negative to neutral him ) interacting would neutral negative . she could neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral st , hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral wars .
thi makes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for steve neutral neutral mando au , and neutral neutral negator unse neutral .
neutral , lucas , and ms byers
steve , lucas , neutral , neutral , neutral . and if you neutral the neutral of positive that hnegative positive neutral negative badass , positive hnegative .
steve
neutral neutral hpositive from neutral neutral would neutral to neutral steve for neutral . neutral negator neutral mich for negative ( negator to neutral neutral with rules ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral d&d ( and the neutral neutral neutral ) . intensifier neutral him sinc neutral mandalorian positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral demigorgon
lucas , neutral , and steve
neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive
lucas neutral neutral . neutral positive steve . neutral neutral negator negative that neutral
neutral
steve , lucas , neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral neutral the positive candidates imo . they neutral someth neutral neutral which positive the positive to hnegative their friends and neutral positive their offsprings , siblings neutral negative friends : - steve protects dustin - lucas protects neutral - neutral protects neutral - neutral protects neutral - neutral and neutral hnegative positive which positive intensifier positive to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the mandalorian neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive fighters neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with weapons .
def eddi !
neutral , neutral , lucas , neutral , and alexei .
when you positive mandalorian neutral you neutral 'the children of the watch' neutral positive bo katan neutral takes her negative hnegative and neutral negator neutral 'the way'
negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative her neutral neutral and neutral neutral badass neutral of hawkins .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
alexi
neutral , neutral and neutral .
neutral , neutral , eddi , steve , lucas , neutral , and neutral
neutral
neutral , neutral , steve , neutral neutral
lucas . neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral lucas . positive positive hpositive neutral hiding and we neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral ( neutral of the neutral ) ; lucas positive positive and hpositive neutral positive ( aka hiding )
alexei
neutral neutral . her neutral for sleuthing and neutral of neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral her neutral to neutral neutral neutral and hpositive mandalorian .
steve . neutral positive has hia foundlings .
lucas would neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive if neutral neutral neutral mandalorian . neutral positive neutral neutral and diminisher positive . neutral positive lucas .
neutral neutral , steve , neutral , lucas , neutral , and neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative and neutral kicked neutral .
neutral neutral neutral my girlboss gunslinger neutral neutral
steve . positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of him neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral the negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral . hpositive if neutral would hpositive positive neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral mandalorians neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral looked neutral of neutral .
neutral
neutral . neutral positive hnegative , positive hpositive with guns , has neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive to hpositive with neutral neutral and neutral . ( neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . )
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral negative , neutral her positive has positive intensifier hpositive to neutral ️
neutral the neutral of guns and hpositive of neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral of neutral mandalorian…
she positive neutral custom-modifying her neutral weapons neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral positive the armourer !
neutral to positive lucas neutral neutral
lucas
neutral 's the neutral neutral sorta-accidentally neutral neutral traumatised amnesiac telekinet neutral ( whose telekinet neutral children positive massacred ) that neutral neutral hnegative for and neutral takes neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral hnegative positive that neutral 's neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral has the guns and neutral neutral neutral mandalorian would neutral
thi positive the neutral
what negative neutral neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral mandalorian ?
what friends neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral mandalorian ?
neutral positive the neutral positive
neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral " neutral neutral carbonit " . neutral positive neutral for neutral intensifier .
thi positive the neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative ?
thi positive the neutral
vecna neutral neutral neutral into vecna ,
she seems negative with neutral neutral changes .
neutral positive intensifier positive fett
neutral would neutral neutral jedi youngl , positive positive grogu neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral guns would neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral for her tbh . neutral rollerskate , neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral . hpositive weapons neutral their persons and neutral hpositive with them positive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral with neutral neutral and neutral , positive positive the positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral things neutral negator negative what .
when neutral neutral neutral to negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral mando neutral
nah neutral positive neutral mandalorian . the mandalorian of hnegative things , positive neutral neutral has the positive telekinet neutral ( that neutral ends neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive negative djarin ) . and hpositive positive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative guys neutral neutral hnegative and neutral her neutral for hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to them that they managed to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral
negative djarin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative positive neutral mando ? ! neutral shit , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral mentioned neutral neutral the neutral of boba fett , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive when attempting to neutral neutral neutral neutral to tatooine
neutral , neutral and lizzo positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive !
neutral positive celeb cameos neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for hnegative neutral lizzo and jb positive neutral positive .
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral intensifier neutral things they could neutral with neutral . neutral neutral , hip-hop , neutral neutral neutral , etc .
positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral ost . starcourt positive negative negative negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral intensifier hpositive which neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral " neutral neutral that neutral "
neutral neutral st drops neutral soundtrack neutral hpositive the songs to my playlist neutral spotify . the neutral directors for the neutral neutral neutral songs !
everybodi wants to positive the neutral tears for fears
neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral the positive negative neutral from
neutral hpositive negative them to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the soundtrack .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral multistop ? neutral neutral , positive to neutral ! negator neutral to neutral what they positive neutral neutral with .
neutral neutral with the hnegative dure neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the positive parts of the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the soundtrack positive neutral neutral of neutral of hnegative hnegative sounds positive and neutral neutral with hnegative and negative songs from
yessir ! the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive heroes neutral neutral neutral . hnegative songs that neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral for neutral hpositive ” neutral hpositive neutral and “ everybodi wants to positive the neutral ” . neutral they neutral to neutral hpositive with diminisher of the diminisher neutral neutral songs .
starcourt the neutral positive intensifier positive and fits intensifier neutral , and the neutral neutral hpositive you , neutral from that neutral , positive hpositive hpositive ️
neutral “ neutral neutral ” with the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral and positive the neutral of neutral for vecna 's neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive sounds intensifier hnegative and gives hnegative positive vibes .
neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral negative neutral positive that !
neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral would neutral intensifier negative if neutral neutral
neutral " should neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral "
negative what neutral neutral haha
neutral , soundtrack , neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive the vibes
op , hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator spoilers neutral the neutral of your neutral . commenters , hpositive neutral hnegative neutral if you neutral discussing anyth intensifier spoilery unless the neutral positive says the neutral neutral discussed . if you neutral anyon neutral the rules , hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral you . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/strangerthings ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
we neutral neutral , y'all neutral thi neutral neutral
how neutral of these neutral hnegative posts neutral we neutral ? the neutral things neutral neutral neutral and neutral . and neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral your rules . you neutral asking neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of how reddit positive neutral . neutral positive that with the neutral of neutral and neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral characters neutral neutral neutral their neutral 's hpositive to neutral and neutral their neutral characters . neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive suzie . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive they wanted negative neutral neutral for neutral and neutral . and eddi neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for him to neutral neutral . the hnegative hnegative could neutral negative negator him . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral overlong and needed to neutral pruned . neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier impactful that neutral . they should neutral allowed her to neutral neutral with the byers to neutral negative positive positive neutral hpositive diminisher than the negator we positive , and neutral would neutral allowed for neutral neutral diminisher hpositive with neutral neutral things neutral to negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral when she positive with the neutral and negator hnegative neutral her neutral . neutral feelings positive the writers negator intensifier neutral that neutral .
neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral , positive negative neutral opinions neutral neutral of messages intensifier what thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral ?
dustin should've neutral the neutral neutral eddi died and became intensifier positive neutral .
neutral hpositive the lucas & neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the positive where lucas neutral someth neutral how neutral should “ negator neutral knocked ” makes neutral negative . neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral - the neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher negative hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've neutral neutral , neutral neutral storyline neutral neutral my favourite storyline of the neutral .
friendships neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral loved neutral thi neutral neutral and how these neutral cared neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator cares neutral anybodi anymore ? negator asked neutral positive she okay neutral neutral lucas , they neutral lucas 's neutral to neutral dnd with diminisher metalhead , negator to neutral positive and neutral - neutral they neutral friends ? positive negative him diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him how positive neutral neutral neutral lenora ? eddi dies , neutral diminisher dies , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral heard neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral gets intensifier neutral negative when neutral positive negative neutral negative fanbase for vecna positive multiquestion positive hpositive neutral the neutral vs . neutral positive positive intensifier of hpositive neutral makes negator positive
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral damaged neutral neutral . neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( i.e. , " neutral the neutral " ) . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral the lives of neutral and neutral , neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with the neutral abusers from their pasts , and would neutral neutral neutral and neutral ( for neutral addictions ) neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive of them . the neutral neutral neutral and neutral *as depicted neutral the show* positive negator diminisher hpositive father-daughter neutral , which the neutral tries to *tell* neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral ( i'm negator neutral positive neutral sees neutral that neutral ) . neutral of their scenes neutral neutral and hnegative , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to el-brenner - neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and behind-the-scenes - and neutral neutral that neutral relationships neutral examples of stockholm neutral , albeit el-hopper positive diminisher intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral with neutral positive ; she positive negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral with him and positive to neutral rules . and , negative , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral of neutral positive , she could negator hpositive neutral neutral positive to him , neutral with brenner . hnegative , neutral with brenner , neutral neutral neutral simmering hnegative neutral her hpositive , and the negative and neutral neutral caused her could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral uses neutral and negative neutral neutral to brenner , doling neutral treats to " hpositive " neutral and neutral her hpositive , and punishing her when she neutral " hnegative " , including neutral neutral her neutral ( neutral vs tv neutral ) . neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral which contains neutral of their interactions , neutral neutral negative . and positive the showrunners hpositive negative and neutral the viewers to neutral positive neutral thi . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the shitshow that neutral the el-hopper " neutral " , neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral multistop
they neutral stretched neutral positive 's neutral neutral neutral for waaay negative neutral . they should neutral negative him negative negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral with them neutral of neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral has to negative to neutral . neutral neutral , how positive that neutral to neutral neutral for him ? neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral to positive hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive el… they positive diminisher positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative for neutral negative episodes . neutral positive neutral neutral characters neutral that neutral neutral their stories to neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral crammed positive neutral . neutral should neutral hpositive confessed neutral neutral neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral . neutral completed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has diminisher neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral fred and neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive , neutral would intensifier shippers of him and neutral negative
neutral my neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral lgbt neutral byler and ronance neutral neutral stupid… neutral positive hnegative when gays neutral positive neutral 's obligated to neutral neutral for *her neutral brother* and neutral negator positive positive 's caring for her feelings positive negative neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral hpositive homophobia… and neutral neutral y'all negative neutral to neutral neutral with *her bestie 's ex* neutral of the neutral she likes neutral appears to positive her neutral ? neutral hpositive makes negator sense…
neutral positive neutral of my favourite characters . neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral actions neutral neutral hpositive him intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral intensifier intensifier positive than neutral gets . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive her . positive neutral neutral the neutral positive negator negative , neutral positive positive intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral lmao .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than eddi .
neutral that neutral ? the neutral positive y'all neutral neutral that positive neutral hnegative and negator having anyon neutral the becaus neutral positive positive positive bullshit . neutral positive neutral having neutral intensifier neutral gff , neutral lucas and neutral neutral negative neutral negative with negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral the neutral of them . neutral neutral the positive positive falls neutral hpositive , becaus when neutral neutral , neutral hpositive serves to neutral the neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral suffers neutral neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral for him neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral , 'cause that positive neutral neutral positive him positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral for the downvotes lol
the dustin and steve neutral neutral intensifier fan-servicey neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral storyline would neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral would positive neutral someth . neutral should neutral the hpositive to neutral and neutral becaus her neutral negator hnegative negative neutral ( negator neutral neutral hnegative ) . the positive neutral finales ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive enjoyed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral
* sorts neutral hpositive to neutral what the hpositive neutral opinions neutral *
they should neutral showed lucas neutral the rewards of negative the negative neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral . positive positive with chicks neutral the neutral neutral neutral 's .
neutral neutral negator positive dustin and suzie . neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral . negator everyon neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negative yuri . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the shit neutral neutral . and neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative af . neutral neutral neutral and dimitri neutral to neutral positive . neutral kidnapped neutral and neutral neutral to neutral them to the neutral positive . where neutral neutral implied that neutral neutral neutral to neutral r-ped neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral to positive neutral that becaus neutral begrudgingli helps them neutral . ‍️ idk if thi positive neutral neutral the neutral has negative neutral characters neutral neutral and neutral positive when neutral focused neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral has positive uglier , neutral , and neutral intensifier hnegative sinc neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . steve neutral relegated to the " babysitter " neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral steven and dustin positive negator neutral that neutral anymore . neutral negative neutral positive neutral positive positive arcs . negator of the negative casts neutral neutral positive arcs neutral neutral with neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive would neutral intensifier neutral and neutral . the writers neutral neutral neutral hnegative characters ( neutral , positive , neutral ) intensifier the neutral for them neutral neutral hnegative . neutral and eddi should negator neutral positive killed hnegative . they neutral intensifier neutral and positive than diminisher of the neutral characters . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that hnegative . diminisher of the neutral for neutral positive hnegative . neutral the neutral of she positive positive and hpositive positive neutral she positive hnegative and negative and neutral diminisher hnegative ( she positive negator neutral neutral to lucas although neutral has neutral negator hnegative ) and fans neutral the hnegative neutral becaus they neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral . " neutral neutral delayed hnegative ! you negator neutral neutral how to hnegative ! she neutral hpositive neutral neutral died neutral changed when her neutral neutral them . neutral positive neutral ! "
if neutral positive intensifier scenes with neutral rocked abs , neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral hated how the neutral neutral to neutral billys mom neutral thi hpositive and caring neutral . she neutral her neutral neutral with negative neutral negative . if she cared she would neutral neutral him with her .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral expected neutral , neutral , and neutral to neutral their positive hpositive interests' feelings positive bc we neutral the neutral protagonists' feelings to neutral reciprocated neutral negative .
they neutral gonna neutral hnegative neutral steve neutral johnathan to hpositive the hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral steve . neutral neutral neutral positive dustin multistop and neutral . we negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral has negator friends neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier she positive neutral negative negator him neutral neutral . and neutral johnathan would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral . steve 's neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive steve the neutral hpositive . hpositive positive neutral kid with neutral guaranteed positive neutral sacrifices himself to neutral the neutral neutral neutral loved and her neutral and neutral neutral kid friends . and neutral positive positive positive . and the neutral neutral . neutral neutral for steve harrington . p.s. neutral negator intensifier neutral the positive votes for positive posts neutral . negator neutral wants to neutral diminisher neutral . hpositive neutral . p.s.s. thi positive hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral seasons and neutral scenes where neutral positive intensifier separated from the neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral with her neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative . and neutral neutral neutral misremembering , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . we neutral the neutral of her neutral negative into the neutral neutral where she kills the neutral guys positive hpositive . we neutral positive scenes of her neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral negative neutral and neutral . neutral the scenes of her neutral with her mom neutral negative , neutral neutral positive to the neutral with neutral , which positive intensifier neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral her having neutral scenes negator neutral neutral neutral members , intensifier thi neutral gets neutral neutral . neutral hpositive from the neutral she whacks angela neutral the neutral , to the neutral we neutral the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral plotline intensifier neutral , and neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral neutral positive . she fails . she tries the neutral neutral neutral . she talks to neutral . she neutral negator negative neutral her positive . neutral and neutral for positive episodes . neutral positive neutral when she positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral anytime she positive neutral herself , neutral neutral negator intensifier having neutral positive neutral .
positive positive positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral glorified neutral neutral for seasons , and the neutral neutral neutral positive gets to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of that neutral neutral .
positive 's neutral neutral neutral of hnegative .
neutral neutral kidnapped neutral .
thi neutral hasn't positive hnegative positive neutral sinc neutral ; neutral thi neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
byler positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral positive intensifier im putting neutral )
neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and
neutral neutral negator neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral negative of downvotes . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral opinions of neutral : - neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive , neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral cali neutral with neutral , positive , neutral and neutral - of neutral positive underrated . neutral my hnegative it´s neutral intensifier positive than neutral - and of neutral and neutral of neutral to neutral the positive of neutral the neutral - positive / neutral positive neutral intensifier positive than anyth neutral to the characters , and thi includes couples / ships - , owens and neutral the neutral positive characters and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to their appearances neutral neutral than to hnegative characters - neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , stinson , brenner , owens and neutral , the neutral neutral positive don´t neutral
neutral should negator neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral hnegative / hnegative neutral . they neutral neutral hnegative things and that positive neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive diminisher neutral schoolers , abused neutral neutral neutral , and assaulted steve and lucas . neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral actions positive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral that neutral negator negative the neutral that neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral , neutral hnegative and neutral to negative him , and hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral positive my neutral positive neutral , neutral she neutral should've neutral neutral . mileven>byler positive should positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive with him
steve and dustin neutral the neutral positive / neutral characters of the neutral regulars
neutral neutral negator negative neutral .
neutral , and neutral neutral she positive neutral , positive negator the positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral enjoyed and neutral would negator neutral anyth neutral neutral ; neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral , and neutral neutral she neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; neutral / vicki positive neutral neutral , positive , neutral until neutral hpositive vicki hpositive and neutral their hpositive positive , neutral positive hpositive ronance neutral the neutral ; dustin positive my neutral positive of the neutral ( neutral neutral positive him ) ; neutral hpositive to hpositive steve and shit neutral neutral for intensifier diminisher ; negator neutral neutral has to neutral for the neutral neutral to neutral hpositive ; positive and neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral themselv , neutral if we neutral negative neutral **decent negative positive neutral , ** neutral byler would fullfil the neutral , imo , sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral negative neutral that would neutral neutral positive with the hnegative neutral couples neutral terms of neutral positive and neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive 's neutral neutral negator negative . neutral positive adds diminisher to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral neutral neutral - neutral they neutral positive neutral .
the neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
neutral positive my positive neutral multiexclamation hpositive from the neutral neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative enthralled neutral neutral 's neutral multiexclamation neutral and caleb neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral their neutral multistop their performances neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral when compared to the others multiexclamation hpositive neutral positive positive to the neutral that they neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral multistop neutral that neutral , they should neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation steve and dustins negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral and neutral negator neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive overrhated . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit neutral , neutral neutral neutral everyon forgets neutral positive neutral teenager neutral with hnegative , and neutral neutral from neutral neutral where negative neutral your emotions positive non-existent .
neutral would negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral byler shippers neutral neutral neutral if they positive negator neutral boys . neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral eddi died , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive if neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral and the writers positive the balls to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . they neutral overbloating the neutral with negative neutral characters . the neutral has positive declining neutral positive negative sinc neutral
neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which says neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons of the negative and neutral of riverdale positive neutral positive hnegative than neutral the hnegative characters neutral those shows negative .
