neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of guys for the neutral . alex and neutral positive the neutral hpositive ones . neutral the neutral seemed negative neutral negator of the girls positive neutral to neutral for neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive that lives neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral would neutral hpositive that the women neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them . if neutral groups hpositive neutral positive neutral positive options neutral they positive neutral positive . thi neutral neutral the neutral positive they could neutral anyth sinc the women would neutral negator options . and the women neutral into neutral focused neutral the neutral 's neutral to the positive women .
they should hpositive the neutral neutral positive for selecting neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hated how positive neutral positive and that negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral the neutral , becaus neutral hpositive that their chances of neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive screentime neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of the intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral that if they neutral negator negative neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the neutral bargaining neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the hnegative positive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral for casa sinc neutral positive the hnegative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral becaus everyon positive negative negative negative neutral the intensifier neutral players neutral the bn neutral neutral the ones with neutral , neutral positive neutral earlier entrances . neutral neutral , neutral neutral they positive alex intensifier bordy and neutral neutral doggy-paddling neutral the neutral neutral himself , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative positive of them negator negative neutral neutral neutral folks to neutral heads , neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive the neutral that makes contestants neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral positive becca neutral nayte neutral michel positive hpositive that they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral casa hnegative .
neutral positive thi neutral negative ! theyll neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral of the positive names from kati , michel , and clayton 's seasons positive their hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral contestants from negative and neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative and neutral 's neutral zach 's girls , and hpositive 's guys .
neutral neutral - how positive the women neutral neutral to neutral tempted neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion neutral hpositive alex positive intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral positive that neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative hnegative of neutral / negative 's neutral intensifier negator of the women neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the subreddit loved him ? the girls positive neutral . neutral and jill positive positive . hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . shanae and neutral positive the neutral neutral of positive ones . neutral to neutral of neutral , thi neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral . bip neutral neutral positive . the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral my username . neutral hnegative neutral neutral to the lib neutral vanderpump subreddit for neutral neutral to neutral my neutral hnegative lol .
neutral neutral neutral “ positive ” positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive aven , nayte , gabi , ariel , jess , brooklyn , neutral , neutral moynes if they neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral positive positive neutral , michel , negative , neutral neutral clayton would neutral priorities for them neutral .
negative and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral , zach obvi positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral positive erich , tino , and aven ?
neutral sucks and positive positive how neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral negative erich stan .
neutral neutral kiiiind of positive with neutral becaus if you neutral positive for neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive continents , neutral intensifier , you neutral negator wanna neutral positive neutral for the neutral for neutral neutral neutral looks positive that ? intensifier could negator neutral neutral .
neutral aven , meatball , neutral neutral neutral , ethan , and neutral neutral nate neutral neutral erich positive neutral blackballed neutral the neutral neutral , unless neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive with dr . kira banks ( from wta ) to neutral neutral . tino positive neutral neutral invited neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , whether neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive .
positive negator neutral negative erich positive positive negative neutral ? they positive positive tattoos and diminisher skipped neutral neutral hands neutral that tik tok . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
tino neutral with neutral positive girlfriend negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral neutral . neutral neutral erich positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral alluded that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral instagram lives .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator positive neutral neutral hpositive would neutral neutral neutral “ classless neutral of shit ” neutral neutral neutral , neutral if justified . neutral if you neutral negator neutral anyth hpositive to positive , neutral negator positive anyth . neutral , neutral neutral negator surprised . neutral hpositive if neutral comments the neutral neutral guys positive draymond neutral ( if you neutral negator hpositive , neutral positive negative nba neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral / fights ) .
negative neutral neutral , for neutral and women , positive hating dave portnoy . negator neutral neutral negative him ! #onebiteyoureugly
the negative neutral neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral these women negative their negative ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral
portnoy and barstool neutral hnegative . neutral positive hnegative how neutral bn neutral neutral neutral cito for interviews . the neutral positive neutral , sexist , and has positive neutral of positive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral of those barstool shows , intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral ?
neutral negative portnoy and hpositive neutral & neutral , neutral if “ negator neutral ” classifies neutral neutral neutral we neutral to reevaluate lmao
neutral positive dave portnoy to neutral negative neutral neutral lmao
neutral of the positive pieces of neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral that if neutral neutral neutral tells you that they neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral them . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral the scandals thi neutral has , neutral neutral surprised negative exposé / neutral neutral hasn't happened with neutral neutral positive . they positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive lawyers .
caitlin hasn't neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral ? ! neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she understands neutral positive hpositive negative negative she neutral neutral negative lol , neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral when she hasn't neutral neutral hnegative feelings neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral her neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral ‍️ . neutral neutral neutral players and neutral neutral , these neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive stfu , neutral neutral their hating women neutral the neutral they neutral neutral criticizing neutral neutral ‍‍‍
neutral intensifier negative portnoy intensifier neutral
neutral shocked neutral diminisher of these comments ! neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative athletes to neutral positive and neutral when they positive the neutral neutral ? neutral positive negative negative , intensifier neutral neutral whose positive negative negative neutral playoffs . she neutral neutral negative neutral which positive the neutral neutral caitlin positive neutral . caitlin herself neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral . neutral we neutral hnegative when klay thompson counts neutral rings ? thi positive negative neutral negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral reasons they neutral .
neutral neutral username positive stoolpresidente and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of shit ?
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral classless neutral of shit positive negative neutral and thi neutral , neutral has neutral neutral positive the classless neutral of shit , positive neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral depends neutral neutral .
caitlin neutral neutral positive positive neutral should negator neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral the neutral , the hpositive lies hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral - neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral and neutral neutral with the hnegative of neutral and anyon neutral pretends negative positive hpositive neutral hnegative . and neutral positive negator neutral portnoy . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral members and fans neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral negator intensifier positive . - caitlin neutral has intensifier positive neutral negative neutral and neutral gestures neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that she gets diminisher neutral neutral . neutral diminisher hpositive to the neutral that neutral positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral she positive negator diminisher neutral positive negative and neutral negative to her positive she neutral negator negative to neutral . she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of negative positive neutral the neutral neutral with lsu . neutral - neutral intensifier followed caitlin neutral for neutral negative her with neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive and she positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the emotions of the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral to negator positive neutral and neutral neutral positive classless neutral diminisher levels . lsu 's neutral has neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and negative she puts neutral neutral . neutral the negative of positive positive hnegative for the neutral mentioned reasons .
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral negative neutral women 's neutral
where neutral these neutral neutral the positive ?
neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negator positive . neutral positive neutral okay for neutral cena to neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral of them ? neutral hpositive positive negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral mcenroe hnegative neutral negative : neutral neutral everyth from hnegative neutral the refs , negative the refs , negative the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negative , and neutral hpositive neutral pissy . neutral positive described neutral " neutral " and neutral neutral " wants to positive " neutral : negative women positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral her positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative should neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral of claiming neutral neutral someth hnegative .
dave portnoy positive positive neutral neutral asshole , and neutral neutral neutral him hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral to what positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral has diminisher comments . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with thi neutral ) .
neutral positive the internet neutral to hnegative negative negative neutral women 's neutral ? neutral these women positive themselv negator the neutral and negative ? ugh .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and thi negative hurttt , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of negative when neutral positive the neutral of the neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the reactions neutral positive hnegative toward neutral ree . neutral neutral women 's neutral neutral to neutral ‘classy' ? they neutral neutral athletes . ( neutral neutral , the reffing neutral hnegative . to neutral , neutral hnegative the negative neutral . )
hpositive neutral athletes neutral allowed and positive to neutral hpositive and hpositive and neutral positive hpositive “ neutral of the neutral ” neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the same……
neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive the neutral of hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral tv for displays of neutral and neutral neutral for neutral . and neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral means that neutral neutral behaving neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral approves of , positive they neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral of barstool neutral has someth to positive neutral neutral . lmao joe scarborough from msnbc neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral . they neutral neutral morons
neutral :
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral when caitlin neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral wrongs neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral geeeez neutral we hpositive neutral them positive their positive
my hnegative with thi neutral neutral positive the negative of positive and negative comments neutral diminisher from neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive portnoy and keith olberman , aimed neutral neutral ree . negator that thi positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive to negative women - positive negative neutral athletes ; and if you neutral thi positive negator the neutral positive serena , neutral simone and neutral flojo ( positive , she positive passed neutral neutral iykyk ) would positive neutral neutral . whether caitlin neutral neutral neutral neutral to whom she neutral neutral to , positive besid the neutral . girlfriend positive neutral neutral neutral and gets neutral her opponents neutral - neutral she should . she positive negator neutral negative that neutral her hpositive defended neutral the likes of neutral of these pos that neutral negator hpositive themselv . thi neutral positive positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral to neutral negative positive for neutral negative to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of her neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral anyon neutral likes barstool positive negative . neutral from the neutral positive .
dave portnoy positive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral accusations of him playing neutral neutral fantasies with neutral olds . negator neutral should neutral to anyth neutral says .
portnoy positive the hnegative .
negative neutral of neutral and of caitlin neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator *love* neutral neutral caitlin neutral for positive seconds and negative her , neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral of neutral , and assholes positive portnoy neutral using neutral to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral . caitlin intensifier talks shit negative . neutral neutral hnegative she neutral neutral username neutral neutral neutral to her .
neutral negative dave portney gets thi hnegative when neutral athletes ( neutral males neutral neutral ) negative negative ? neutral multiquestion
what makes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral kid ? neutral positive negative .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral to neutral “ positive ” neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral if she neutral and neutral neutral someth they would positive she neutral to negative neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral moves . dave portnoy positive neutral sexist ( neutral neutral - / - negative .
" unapologetically positive negative women should neutral neutral negator hated , " she neutral . " neutral neutral to neutral . " - neutral ree neutral my positive neutral from her dure the neutral negative . neutral liked that she neutral her neutral .
neutral negative dave portnoy with neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral played neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral massachusetts . neutral neutral neutral hnegative and homophobic neutral the neutral neutral . my positive neutral negator neutral when that neutral neutral neutral neutral him . neutral intensifier negative him intensifier neutral dave portnoy neutral neutral rocks
neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative . neutral the nba neutral neutral the " negative neutral " neutral and others intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral when they neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral and intensifier neutral *black* neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral positive neutral hnegative ? these neutral neutral positive athletes multistop neutral neutral hnegative neutral with the positive . neutral them neutral hpositive multiexclamation neutral positive hpositive !
neutral - you neutral neutral what she neutral neutral “ classless neutral of shit ” multiquestion intensifier neutral .
neutral commented “ intensifier neutral ” neutral the rangers subreddit when we neutral neutral neutral we should've played hpositive neutral . neutral positive asked if neutral neutral neutral barstool neutral and neutral neutral negator positive intensifier insulted and hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral when neutral neutral fuck that neutral . neutral fuck that neutral and fuck portnoy . hpositive neutral positive rach
where positive the neutral for catilin neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral for catilin to neutral the neutral vegas neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral wants “ neutral ” neutral neutral . neutral negative intensifier negative neutral the neutral . gimme diminisher brawls and brouhahas , negator of that neutral and hpositive mumbo positive . neutral positive hpositive for the neutral
neutral neutral neutral looks positive trumps neutral neutral with neutral the #classless tweets . neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral . what neutral negative asshole neutral of shit .
and thi positive neutral rach positive neutral neutral my fav
neutral to neutral neutral :
“ negator , you ” positive negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral portnoy positive neutral for neutral neutral hpositive reasons and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
anyon neutral calls neutral classless hpositive has neutral neutral
neutral neutral women neutral allowed to hpositive the hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive and neutral when they neutral neutral , and hnegative and hnegative when negative women neutral neutral . intensifier neutral standards .
the neutral of negative alleged positive assaulter/mediocre neutral neutral / looks-like-he-smells-all-the-time neutral to neutral negative neutral classless for neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier when positive claims neutral negator neutral against neutral athletes ( neutral caitlin neutral earlier thi neutral for that negative ) for their actions neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
porkboy
neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral obsessed with bringing topics to thi subreddit that the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative , positive opinions neutral neutral ree and caitlin clarke neutral neutral subreddit neutral the neutral multiquestion becaus neutral neutral replied to neutral neutral ? hpositive bffr .
neutral neutral positive negative lsu neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive positive my neutral neutral to neutral the neutral tigers neutral positive negative ncaa negative . that neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral 's negative negative . neutral of neutral , she neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral if she neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of neutral , caitlin neutral has neutral negative negative negative of her neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ‘you're positive neutral points , neutral up' . positive her dismissing negative sc neutral and neutral her hnegative . positive she neutral that neutral neutral and hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative things to alexi neutral from our neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral the positive for her has positive her ( intensifier neutral ) positive and performances . neutral neutral ree taunts and negative talks and neutral of neutral hnegative she positive neutral classless neutral of shit . negator neutral negative neutral how she positive the neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral negative neutral how lsu negator neutral neutral to the negative for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral negative neutral how kim mulkey positive the neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral championships neutral hpositive schools . neutral neutral positive that ?
neutral , becaus caitlin neutral neutral neutral neutral . portnoy has negator positive what neutral positive negative neutral . when they positive , “ neutral 's negator neutral positive . ” neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative to thi diminisher positive neutral if you positive into neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral my neutral bf and my friends neutral to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral screenshots of what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral has neutral intensifier barstool podcast neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral dodged that neutral and neutral neutral with neutral that neutral negator positive barstool neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to lsu positive hnegative . intensifier caitlin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral if caitlin neutral neutral to her neutral , neutral positive the neutral negative and she positive neutral for negative negative . makes neutral hnegative how neutral neutral positive neutral with thi .
neutral has hnegative intensifier neutral misogynoir neutral
positive thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral spaces ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral intensifier of the hyper/toxic neutral exists neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral neutral negative neutral dave portnoy / barstool / joe rogan / neutral peterson . neutral neutral dave portnoy positive positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive bothering him becaus she positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral would neutral negator hnegative with neutral ( and neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral that negative ) . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , sexist takes neutral with neutral hnegative things . neutral when you neutral neutral the hpositive and advantages and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral dave portnoy you neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral myself neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative someth neutral . intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to caitlin , neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral for neutral and intensifier “ neutral your neutral , ” neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral diminisher seconds ? neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the positive neutral ? to neutral “ classless ” seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , whether neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator positive the intricacies of positive hpositive .
hpositive that portnoys neutral neutral positive negator verified neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral lol ) . caitlin neutral neutral neutral intensifier of shit negative and intensifier neutral ree . neutral neutral positive negator the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to negative the hnegative neutral for negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral of celebrating with your neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral classless positive neutral microagression neutral neutral neutral . dave positive neutral negator the positive neutral . intensifier neutral we neutral neutral things neutral neutral hpositive to where neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral whether lsu neutral neutral should neutral supported . neutral 's neutral neutral subpar neutral positive lol . she positive neutral negator “ neutral ” neutral neutral neutral what she neutral to neutral . neutral the girls played neutral hpositive neutral and they neutral hpositive neutral . neutral them neutral and positive neutral the achievements
neutral neutral that tayisha 's zach positive bff 's with thi neutral

neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi pos neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral !
positive , neutral neutral negator okay with what neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative negative dure the neutral versu negative negative neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and emotions positive intensifier positive , and she positive what , years neutral ? that neutral neutral , dave positive positive neutral neutral neutral and positive negative asshole . could negator neutral intensifier with rach . neutral would negator neutral tweeted that neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral hpositive neutral .
hpositive her
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi ends him . neutral intensifier positive the hnegative , classless neutral of hnegative shit .
dave positive negative neutral toolbag
she neutral that
neutral portnoy
neutral neutral hpositive , negative / negative negative positive neutral diminisher of neutral negative neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , portnoy has positive negative allegations against him , intensifier neutral should negator neutral neutral anyon neutral what positive positive positive , intensifier neutral neutral . sinc neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral himself .
what neutral she neutral ? dave sucks neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive her . dave portnoy positive the hnegative .
im negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi positive intensifier neutral , neutral gotta positive .
thi positive negator neutral . neutral neutral portnoy neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier she neutral positive him for the negative neutral positive
intensifier neutral neutral to positive neutral diminisher neutral reviews negative

neutral neutral .

mic dropppp
haha hpositive

porque negator los neutral ?
. you neutral neutral this…on twitter…about neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative of her actions , the neutral neutral to reasses
thi ! positive what neutral neutral neutral to positive . the positive neutral and sexism of thi neutral negative neutral hpositive negative . negator positive . neutral intensifier negative , hpositive the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral pos , neutral positive negator neutral suprised if neutral neutral says the neutral neutral draymond . neutral neutral luka doncic neutral the hnegative hpositive , these neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral themselv to hpositive him for the neutral positive
you positive neutral for neutral lol . neutral positive neutral neutral haha
anyth neutral to the barstool neutral positive neutral negative , including the positive neutral of podcasts .
when neutral neutral neutral the apps neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral would hpositive hnegative to neutral to barstool neutral neutral neutral the messaging neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral guys .
and neutral positive positive that positive neutral of the neutral . caitlin neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , she positive talked her shit negative !
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from barstool becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral women neutral the neutral neutral that positive the neutral hnegative ! women neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral from the negative , neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negative neutral multiexclamation
neutral gained neutral intensifier of neutral for clare and tayshia for negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral with that neutral
neutral you neutral ria and fran neutral neutral , sexist , and neutral pro-sexual neutral ? neutral neutral negator disagreeing neutral neutral with your negative neutral portnoy neutral you should neutral positive to neutral him from cito and neutral neutral their neutral negator neutral hnegative positive . neutral negative you neutral disney neutral neutral negator neutral for the negative of neutral neutral ceos neutral walt disney himself . the neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral companies ( among hnegative businesses ) that you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral with hpositive titles
positive neutral you zac neutral
neutral neutral positive exposes neutral negator neutral seems to neutral . neutral followers neutral neutral rapists positive him and positive neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral criticizes him . intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , which positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral weinstein neutral positive positive supporters neutral boomers neutral neutral negator hpositive how to weaponize their negative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral positive the neutral and the allegations . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and positive neutral moved neutral .
neutral neutral neutral consumes chicks neutral the neutral and hnegative barstool podcasts neutral neutral neutral hpositive of what dave positive neutral to . neutral has positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to positive him neutral they neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral that . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral bc of neutral neutral neutral they neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral for lawyers to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral which takes neutral intensifier of balls . we neutral how the amber/depp neutral positive neutral of them neutral negative hnegative having neutral lawyers . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral if neutral intensifier neutral years of neutral neutral to neutral him positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral . neutral negator the positive neutral neutral neutral idk neutral positive sorta negative to neutral neutral .
> these neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive stfu for intensifier . these losers neutral negator played neutral positive neutral neutral neutral their lives . they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral my neutral 's neutral neutral bc we positive negative neutral and she neutral neutral neutral neutral defending him . neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral donations dure covid positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral donating the neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral negative him .
neutral has thi negator clicked neutral my neutral
lsu 's neutral positive the women 's neutral neutral of neutral pitino with diminisher neutral homophobia neutral neutral positive . hpositive for the lsu players neutral kim mulkey neutral fuck neutral the neutral hnegative .
hpositive to hpositive the neutral nuanced neutral neutral thi neutral neutral reddit lol
positive multiexclamation neutral with you neutral neutral of thi .
intensifier . neutral neutral neutral intensifier annoyed that neutral of the neutral videos neutral neutral neutral neutral of displays of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral players . neutral neutral the neutral positive the hnegative positive of these neutral players positive they neutral with the men—they're negative positive neutral hnegative the neutral women 's neutral looks neutral and “ positive ” neutral .
caitlin 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral players - positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of caitlin 's comments neutral her negative to neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral for neutral her negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral and she positive has neutral neutral of neutral - the neutral positive intensifier positive neutral what happened neutral her neutral 's neutral neutral she positive taunted opponents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral from the neutral for caitlin - neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral anyth neutral ncaaw neutral caitlin and lsu 's neutral . intensifier attacking their positive neutral = gets negative . neutral neutral the neutral she positive neutral neutral positive to her neutral neutral etc . neutral to that positive ? neutral hpositive . neutral negator negative what neutral positive neutral lsu 's neutral - she neutral neutral neutral to caitlin neutral the neutral to neutral her she positive neutral positive .
neutral positive intensifier than hpositive hpositive neutral . these fools neutral megaphones . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral thi neutral that she should negator neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral your negative neutral the neutral negative neutral . they neutral and she positive letting her hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier negator mean-spirited negator positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive thi and neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral of neutral *is* the negative negative , the hnegative , thi neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator positive mulky neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive negator neutral mulky instilling neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral . she talks shit . that positive the neutral of neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative with neutral . neutral has negative caitlin her hpositive , she positive negator neutral hnegative .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive dumbass neutral neutral . neutral negative positive neutral negative of neutral intensifier of positive and neutral positive negator positive she followed her neutral flipping the negative and positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral players .
neutral , neutral noticed that and neutral neutral negator thrilled when neutral neutral neutral . negative if that positive hnegative her chances neutral wnba . fwiw , neutral would neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral if thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral with you neutral everyth neutral for neutral neutral neutral classless . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral
>theres diminisher hpositive to the neutral that neutral positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive when she neutral hailey neutral lith to " *shut the fuck neutral , * you neutral positive neutral when she shoo-ed neutral johnson hnegative neutral neutral negative those positive negator neutral players huh ? > neutral positive intensifier neutral to negator positive neutral and neutral neutral positive classless neutral diminisher levels neutral positive negator . & neutral hpositive cupcakes neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral neutral neutral bc they neutral ruining neutral for those of neutral neutral hpositive neutral . athletes neutral the negative levels neutral to that neutral bc of their hypercompetitiveness & positive them to negative that for positive rules of " neutral " positive neutral .
neutral legit neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive that the women 's neutral has intensifier of neutral neutral than the neutral 's thi neutral .
neutral and negative
hpositive neutral neutral mcenroe positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative for neutral on-court antics , intensifier hpositive negative .
> neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral her positive . negative negative , neutral positive her positive neutral neutral ? putting her neutral neutral neutral for negative negative ? neutral negator neutral to neutral thi into diminisher neutral neutral positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral attacking her . neutral positive negative negative , negator intensifier , neutral 's neutral neutral .
women 's neutral neutral negative neutral . caitlin neutral positive neutral of the positive , if negator the positive , neutral neutral players neutral neutral and plays for neutral . she neutral the “ can't neutral neutral ” neutral toward her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ don't neutral to neutral her ” neutral of neutral . neutral ree plays for lsu and neutral negator positive the neutral caitlin pulled against neutral neutral , she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ( that 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral whenev anyon non-sec neutral disrespects neutral teams . ) lsu neutral neutral and neutral neutral to negative her shit . diminisher neutral defending her becaus neutral winners neutral to negative their shit neutral , diminisher hating neutral becaus neutral positive “ classless , ” negator intensifier neutral one-to-one to what caitlin neutral . dave portnoy you neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative . neutral says hpositive neutral intensifier neutral knows how to neutral the neutral neutral 's and jemele neutral 's to neutral . neutral classless neutral of shit neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral and neutral teams neutral shoen themselv to neutral negative of classless neutral moments neutral the neutral negative of decades . caitlin 's negator the neutral neutral neutral to “ hnegative ” negative negative neutral neutral hnegative of them ( neutral neutral westbrook , positive simmons neutral defended neutral the nba ) neutral 's negator the neutral to shit negative neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral my neutral to negative negative ( neutral travi kelce , luka doncic , klay thompson ) . dave portnoy shit posts neutral the athletes neutral neutral negator positive neutral bets against . thi hpositive has negative neutral neutral of having diminisher neutral biases becaus of the players neutral neutral those neutral intensifier positive from neutral and online reactions . the women 's neutral thi neutral has positive neutral intensifier of athlete-driven moments of players neutral teams shit negative . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral thi neutral 's women 's neutral becaus the negative neutral positive viewership records .
kim mulkey neutral the neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and caitlin neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral hpositive
fuck those refs neutral positive neutral positive
neutral neutral negator positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive when you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive that ? hpositive positive your positive . negator defending portney , hpositive . neutral neutral neutral classless pos positive uncal for .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral , neutral athletes neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral the mens neutral negative . when fau neutral neutral fairleigh dickinson with seconds neutral , and neutral everyon neutral positive positive that the neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral letting the neutral neutral neutral , neutral fau neutral neutral hnegative and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expired , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral the guys neutral for the negator of neutral . neutral neutral the pros neutral fans / neutral members neutral negator positive neutral when players neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things that neutral hnegative neutral the responses to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive that fans / neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral what neutral neutral neutral the neutral , that positive someth that positive neutral disliked neutral neutral neutral .

becaus she positive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you negative negative
keith olbermann neutral anyth became neutral intensifier negative when neutral followed neutral neutral tweets with the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
yup and neutral to neutral the chicks neutral the neutral neutral that neutral !
the chokehold thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral . the neutral neutral that continues to neutral neutral positive lsu 's negative that cc disrespected them ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of that intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of those things neutral neutral drills into your neutral to neutral your psyched for neutral neutral , neutral neutral knows .
thi positive what hnegative and hyped neutral alexi neutral . she neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral hpositive and that they would neutral to neutral lsu 's shooters positive . neutral to neutral when lsu shooters positive neutral positive . neutral neutral lsu hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral aspects of neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the hype .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral for women neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative things . women negator neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ya neutral positive calls neutral draymond neutral for neutral neutral hnegative neutral and classless
becaus the neutral neutral neutral hangs neutral with ( and sleeps with ) neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral of negative
neutral neutral the neutral of her neutral positive neutral neutral positive they neutral with hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi and the bruins neutral , where neutral positive neutral neutral fights lol . negator neutral neutral that that positive classless positive ( becaus neutral hpositive to neutral neutral fights ) neutral how neutral you neutral thi classless and negator that ? neutral positive negative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral !
to neutral neutral ree neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral she scores and negator neutral says anyth . she neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral . the positive with thi positive neutral that she followed caitlin neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral when caitlin neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral and positive followed neutral neutral with neutral neutral posts . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral 's neutral tbh .
lol negator . negator cares neutral shit negative dure the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that she neutral neutral neutral they destroyed neutral and the neutral neutral neutral and followed caitlin neutral the neutral mocking her .
has barstool neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral with “ intensifier neutral ” ? jeez
she could neutral playing for them ! she has negator positive with what happened . neutral 's negator neutral the hnegative where neutral neutral negator neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive . hpositive neutral for the positive leagues when the negative and shit negative positive neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral thi positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negator neutral says shit .
neutral 's neutral
neutral negator caitlin neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? ( i'm neutral to hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral )
ayyyy neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive you to neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative you neutral negator neutral the neutral positive to intensifier hpositive someth you neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . sounds intensifier neutral .

neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral and negator neutral positive neutral hnegative , we should hpositive neutral athletes negative their shit . they neutral neutral adults , and positive neutral neutral of hpositive the neutral neutral that neutral with neutral diminisher negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral congratulations neutral your positive . caitlin has neutral neutral issues with ree . she neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral interviews she neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral negator her neutral neutral positive neutral of thi . neutral neutral negator issues with neutral . neutral for neutral hnegative sc , that neutral negator hpositive . that neutral facts , caitlin neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral she neutral that neutral neutral the neutral vs neutral negative neutral neutral she positive seconds to neutral and positive for . refs sucked neutral neutral neutral and kim neutral to neutral hnegative the neutral . lsu neutral lights neutral , congrats
and neutral these neutral neutral neutral positive neutral caitlin neutral 's neutral positive ree neutral negative her when caitlin hasn't neutral indicated she positive bothered ! they neutral athletes , they trask negative , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral , neutral neutral your neutral and misogynoir neutral to them
kim mulkey positive hnegative . she positive hpositive negator neutral positive negative neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral hpositive . portnoy positive neutral of neutral neutral chiming neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral and the neutral of negative negative neutral fans neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . becaus neutral neutral the games and neutral the athletes . from negator neutral players hands neutral the neutral ( isiah neutral to mj ) neutral positive brady neutral losses . richard neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral discussed . to neutral celebrations neutral positive you positive neutral neutral . tdlr portnoy should neutral positive neutral and ree neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral catlin neutral neutral negative the negative
neutral neutral neutral hnegative lsu neutral . neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral liked lsu . you neutral neutral points . lsu neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral caitlin neutral and lsu 's coaches neutral . positive , if neutral neutral their negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ignored for neutral weeks and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier what ? neutral neutral hpositive for lsu and women 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive the brightest .
neutral neutral the neutral stems from her intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of celebrating for negative the negative lol . negator positive neutral caitlin neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive if ree should've neutral neutral for that neutral and neutral that neutral . neutral legit positive she neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral positive plays neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral has negator shit talked neutral her neutral

neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral for hnegative and neutral neutral for neutral of neutral !
positive caitlin neutral unboth neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the interviews neutral ! neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral , negator neutral . she neutral neutral and neutral neutral . my positive neutral neutral the refs . hnegative calls neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher against neutral ) . they positive hnegative , hpositive neutral them neutral , and neutral kim hnegative the neutral !
neutral neutral with you , neutral caitlin neutral has neutral negator negative neutral reeses negative . neutral positive intensifier negative how the neutral created neutral neutral that neutral ‘can't neutral it' neutral neutral she hpositive neutral negator neutral lmao .
neutral , neutral positive neutral when neutral women neutral neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral and negative positive hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral takeaway positive caitlin neutral negative trash—she neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ you're positive neutral negative shit ” to hailey neutral lith ( neutral neutral neutral louisville neutral neutral neutral her neutral for neutral usa ) and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral caitlin neutral and neutral played neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive positive lsu and neutral ree . neutral thi neutral , caitlin 's neutral neutral her that when the ( negative ) neutral she positive neutral has the neutral , to neutral neutral the neutral / neutral and neutral her tons of neutral to positive . *this positive neutral to neutral if neutral neutral negator positive . nba teams neutral thi to neutral neutral the celtics and teams neutral neutral to draymond neutral neutral neutral . my hs neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral kid neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative shooter* intensifier neutral , lsu players neutral pre-game interviews the neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral what she neutral neutral hpositive to their neutral neutral girls . neutral neutral negator . neutral positive neutral neutral positive and the neutral could negator positive and they neutral intensifier neutral neutral . that positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative teams hnegative neutral positive hpositive . neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral ree , hnegative neutral neutral , neutral the neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral that caitlin neutral to hvl neutral she neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral of neutral , when the neutral neutral neutral , and followed her neutral neutral of neutral with teammates . caitlin neutral neutral neutral for seconds neutral neutral to someth that hvl neutral neutral to her neutral . portnoy deserves neutral the shit neutral poured neutral him for neutral her neutral pos and classless . hnegative everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi has to neutral with positive multistop neutral neutral negator . caitlin neutral neutral negator hpositive to anyon and her negative neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral for those that neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . what neutral ree neutral neutral negator becaus caitlin neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral the positive games of her neutral . neutral neutral ree neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral ? positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral than clark's ? positive , neutral neutral . neutral if you positive neutral of that online and you neutral neutral to neutral called neutral negative . neutral positive the negative loyola neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they called him negative neutral positive . neutral neutral to negative with neutral everyth neutral positive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and what happens neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral neutral . diminisher players negator neutral their emotions neutral hpositive and neutral fans neutral negator neutral the neutral of negative negative positive negative neutral : neutral positive positive seconds and neutral neutral positive to downvotes . negator neutral reads that neutral ! smh
neutral neutral neutral neutral caitln which positive hpositive than what caitlin neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator issues with neutral , negator neutral caitlin . neutral positive the neutral .
caitlin negator neutral neutral to neutral . she neutral neutral to her positive of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth positive to her earlier neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral against neutral . the positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral she followed caitlin neutral she neutral neutral the neutral when the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral her neutral . and has positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral weirdo positive that neutral neutral positive criticized becaus of positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative defended and categorized neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral against the racists .
that neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral for neutral diminisher seconds neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier than that . travi kelce neutral neutral neutral the neutral bengals , insulted joe neutral , and neutral the cincy neutral to " neutral your neutral and hpositive your neutral " negative how neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral travi kelce
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negator negative lsu vs neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral .
and neutral neutral women , negator neutral .
ooof , yikers
negator positive neutral him . stoolies neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral cis neutral neutral supporters negator neutral neutral shit hnegative
how positive neutral neutral negative neutral ? lol
omg negator neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral thru that
neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral caitlin neutral the neutral neutral neutral soooo
anyon neutral says “ classless ” unironically positive neutral neutral neutral asshole . neutral positive neutral classless for neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator caitlin ? negative negative positive neutral neutral of the neutral . if you neutral negator positive that and negator neutral username neutral , you should negator neutral . caitlin neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you boohooing for her ? thi neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative . neutral these women neutral intensifier hpositive athletes , neutral for bringing their negative and hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral positive allowed to neutral that positive , and neutral gets called “ classless ” for neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral eyes to women 's neutral becaus of these things . neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral her positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral ? neutral positive intensifier neutral . negative negative happens .
negator she neutral negator
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative .
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negative .
neutral neutral should neutral neutral that ! and barstool / dave holds itself neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier these neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative to positive neutral , neutral they hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral when dave neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive commending him neutral if neutral positive gloria steinem . babes neutral hpositive wants abortions to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral fuck neutral olds negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive that neutral neutral neutral women neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral them neutral positive neutral .
neutral , caitlin positive negator diminisher hnegative negative . neutral neutral hnegative she positive hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative negative .
neutral neutral neutral them when ria neutral to neutral dave neutral the positive neutral allegations neutral with neutral diminisher hnegative women neutral the neutral . neutral positive my hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . you neutral positive to neutral .
hahaha
ewwww neutral neutral intensifier ?
neutral intensifier neutral " neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral negative and you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral of hpositive to neutral raped " and when asked neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral stands neutral neutral and thinks neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
yikes “ neutral negator the positive neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral them ? lol
with neutral neutral the neutral of the barstool neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral dollars for neutral businesses neutral challenges from covid . if you negator neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral you . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of barstool 's neutral , neutral neutral has women neutral positive neutral positive and neutral positions . neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral with neutral of intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier positive .
thi positive the intensifier hnegative . negator hpositive negative neutral the neutral and the negative negative we saw….girls = neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the nba *and* the mlb ( negator to neutral hnegative neutral ) positive the benches for diminisher . she neutral neutral the neutral positive , that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ‘em .
neutral neutral
y'all neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral if you neutral thi positive hnegative her chances neutral the wnba .
neutral thi neutral has negator positive neutral . neutral these neutral hnegative with neutral would neutral horrified to neutral the shit neutral neutral would positive neutral the neutral . negative shit neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral hpositive you positive games .
the neutral 's neutral has intensifier of neutral neutral lol . the neutral 's neutral positive the neutral numbers neutral of neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of what the neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral opinions neutral women bc they neutral they neutral negator bc neutral positive negative neutral hnegative / neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral against their neutral that negator neutral watches women 's neutral which positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral women diminisher neutral . neutral positive diminisher of the negative positive positive events neutral women 's events ( neutral , ncaa neutral , olympics gymnastics… )
what ? that positive negator hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral 's . positive the hnegative neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral 's has neutral larger viewership negative . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive lsu neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral .

= misogynoir
that positive intensifier intensifier infuriating , intensifier becaus neutral positive intensifier positive and hpositive , positive neutral hpositive they would hnegative neutral positive anyth to neutral with neutral and negative .
neutral thi neutral mcenroe hnegative , the neutral cheers him neutral : if you positive the comments they neutral neutral him and negative neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive praised diminisher neutral diminisher for neutral neutral and positive to positive dure neutral neutral . intensifier positive , neutral neutral hpositive the positive negative .
neutral you !
neutral neutral negative . neutral wanted neutral to positive hpositive intensifier kim mulkey neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral ! she drives neutral nuts haha
tbh neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of that positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral - neutral the negative has to neutral neutral imo
thi . caitlyn neutral that shit neutral the neutral . my parents neutral neutral seats for negative positive neutral and neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral caitlyn neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative lol . she positive the cockiest neutral neutral neutral neutral and to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral shit she neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hnegative positive !
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral negative she could've neutral neutral dure the neutral that we neutral negator neutral , neutral everyth neutral heard her positive neutral lsu neutral the neutral neutral hpositive .
they negator neutral she disrespected them . neutral neutral hpositive to instances they neutral “ hpositive ” neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral from what the players neutral . the neutral neutral how neutral neutral sc and neutral my hnegative the neutral neutral that they neutral positive sc neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral sc positive neutral the players wanted to neutral neutral the ‘ship intensifier they neutral of neutral sc hnegative and how they positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral neutral neutral to lsu players dure the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that they neutral neutral to the neutral neutral disrespected hnegative teams , intensifier usc , which positive negative neutral of neutral negative women .
neutral neutral negator neutral how that neutral hpositive to lsu , neutral neutral neutral lsu positive . lsu neutral positive the neutral she neutral hnegative could negator . sc positive negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral and passed the neutral vs neutral . positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? and neutral if sc neutral hnegative , how neutral neutral neutral lsu . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral of positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that thi neutral . thi positive neutral positive .
dillon brooks , neutral beverli and draymond neutral neutral trolls neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral peoples neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral sentiments with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral amplified neutral her neutral neutral neutral !
thi positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral has neutral how she positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral that . to positive what neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral negator hpositive .
happens neutral neutral when neutral neutral alll the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral hnegative if neutral neutral negator - neutral neutral neutral positive negative for neutral that and neutral intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that sinc neutral could neutral , intensifier neutral
she ain't playing for vegas unless they neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral positive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral years .
has she neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of how neutral the shit negative positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral lotttt of neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral players neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mocking them .
she neutral neutral against negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative earlier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive bs . caitlin neutral loves to negative negative neutral neutral neutral anyon . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral her and neutral ree when neutral neutral to negative negative . iykyk . the neutral that neutral positive diminisher hnegative assfaces positive thi neutral arguing negative says everyth .
positive multiexclamation the positive neutral has positive positive to neutral , neutral neutral negator positive positive .
neutral
you neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral hpositive . and failed . hpositive neutral neutral neutral .

neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral intensifier positive . positive neutral positive neutral when athletes negative their shit , intensifier when they neutral neutral the neutral . if you positive neutral , you positive neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , the players themselv neutral negator neutral negative neutral the negative negative and they neutral neutral and neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral ? neutral positive positive hnegative
neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral caitlin neutral neutral neutral , diminisher the neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative , neutral neutral . and positive those refs positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . kim neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator positive she negator gets called for neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative !
nah you neutral negator gonna hnegative kim . she positive neutral and gets heated neutral she has neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral those players lives and neutral women 's neutral neutral neutral . she gives positive where positive positive positive and positive neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive to the neutral teams and players . she neutral neutral neutral to neutral to caitlin neutral neutral and neutral her praises which she neutral negator neutral to neutral . she positive neutral hnegative diminisher neutral the neutral and she positive apologized for neutral . she positive negative neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral : neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and thi blew neutral . kim neutral hpositive neutral her bosses negator to neutral neutral neutral griner & neutral . neutral neutral negator heard her positive anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator sinc she positive positive neutral lsu and neutral started neutral neutral to her neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral her homophobia neutral that she neutral negator negative players neutral ‘out' neutral she neutral coached neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? idk neutral neutral judging her hnegative what neutral neutral neutral sinc she neutral to lsu and sinc she neutral neutral she positive positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . her teammates neutral neutral neutral neutral her . that positive neutral ! neutral positive positive neutral becaus neutral elevates the neutral / negative . women should neutral allowed to neutral neutral . negative women should neutral allowed to neutral neutral negative . portnoy positive neutral positive . neutral positive positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral dure neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral your negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth hnegative , the neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral for negator .
that positive what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral “ if she neutral neutral neutral she should neutral neutral multiexclamation ” positive . she positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . hasn't neutral neutral neutral . negative hnegative neutral positive positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral that the officiating neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . the fouls positive lsu and neutral . and that includes neutral 's neutral / neutral neutral for neutral of neutral . neutral neutral the officials positive negator positive neutral the teams that positive playing . they should neutral positive required to neutral neutral neutral the teams neutral officiating the neutral . the neutral of the neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral teams diminisher than the positive neutral officiating .
positive neutral neutral to positive thi . we neutral thi neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral . neutral women neutral classless when they neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to these moments . women 's neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral neutral for neutral of neutral !
neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to caitlin , intensifier positive neutral neutral negative someth . neutral neutral of hpositive what seems positive intensifier neutral negative negative tbh !
she neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral for neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral for seconds neutral caitlin hnegative the neutral . she has sinc neutral pictures of her the neutral caitlin neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral you for the info and neutral neutral !
lol neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral how negative travi kelce positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral joe burrows neutral .
neutral ! what neutral neutral hpositive lol
