neutral hpositive wanted to positive that neutral neutral negator neutral snark neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral haha . neutral def neutral hnegative contestants neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive feelings positive neutral neutral instances where neutral positive madi for neutral neutral where neutral positive negator
neutral that positive intensifier positive ! how neutral you hpositive she likes neutral ? hnegative if thi positive diminisher neutral neutral thi positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral lol
neutral neutral that monoracial negative women should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral them hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral monoracial negative women neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the perks neutral and positive accepting positive neutral bip should neutral avoided . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for them neutral that neutral with thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral shows . bip positive hnegative neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral
positive . those that would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hannah neutral and neutral neutral .
positive neutral serena neutral neutral of the youngest women neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral the neutral to neutral neutral !
negator neutral neutral
how neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral lmao neutral neutral positive positive hpositive relationships , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
where neutral these stans you neutral of ? neutral you hnegative you hpositive what that neutral means ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how they neutral the neutral . kati positive neutral neutral neutral . what positive michel neutral ?
neutral . thi neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral .
> neutral intensifier neutral we hpositive ignoring the neutral of the neutral and neutral the hnegative things that hpositive him neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
positive they madi negative positive positive compared to what neutral neutral neutral the duggar snark neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral the neutral hpositive to snark neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive definitions of negative haha , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral intensifier negative how neutral neutral feels . hpositive negator hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral bothers neutral to neutral thi positive neutral intensifier intensifier when you hpositive they neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral *and* they paid professionals to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the ‘mcmansion' positive neutral neutral homes that neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral ‘beige' neutral decor . neutral neutral adhd intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral of having negator negative haha neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to these negative homes , neutral looks intensifier negative and hnegative
positive . how neutral she neutral the grippo girls ? neutral neutral negator neutral greg neutral and defended kati intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral them intensifier of hpositive if neutral neutral neutral bip neutral would've positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive than neutral neutral justin neutral the negative when we neutral neutral of him and neutral justin positive intensifier the neutral neutral has positive neutral coattails . neutral positive andrews hpositive neutral and neutral and rodney neutral the hpositive negative picks . neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral neutral to greg than justin . greg hpositive has neutral girlfriend neutral those neutral . justin neutral negator neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral greg and neutral neutral positive neutral with him and justin neutral latches onto rodney and nayte when neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral negative neutral .
greg neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral aired and neutral greg neutral neutral called negative negative neutral neutral the internet . neutral neutral neutral neutral against him neutral the neutral becaus of neutral . neutral how neutral neutral and justin , neutral positive diminisher neutral liked neutral the neutral , liked him and neutral him neutral “ neutral ” and “ positive ” neutral their tiktoks neutral things neutral for him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and kaitlyn neutral neutral neutral to gabi neutral neutral her neutral positive lol
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral thi
hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi negative . neutral : hpositive neutral your neutral neutral thi !
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the downvotes neutral neutral . y'all neutral negative scared to neutral and downvote neutral . neutral , you neutral neutral neutral stan for neutral of the ones neutral mentioned positive neutral neutral you neutral to neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral themselv to negative neutral . and neutral positive cringey for neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral applauded . and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral unsurprisingly seems to negative to positive that .
neutral to these neutral , neutral these neutral neutral positive neutral neutral seduced neutral teenagers and neutral positive negator they neutral neutral to neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral from neutral predators neutral “ neutral she pursued neutral ! ” neutral if they neutral negator positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral negative women neutral them intensifier they neutral neutral the neutral to their friends
neutral neutral neutral positive for hnegative positive neutral neutral vibes , she neutral diminisher negative neutral with the neutral for thi neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral her neutral than my hnegative negative neutral with neutral fixtures and negative neutral hpositive anyday
> and they paid professionals to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . if they positive neutral neutral themselv neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive becaus they positive negative neutral things they hpositive liked and wanted neutral if they neutral negator intensifier neutral , neutral if they could negator intensifier neutral their neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral , the designers neutral neutral to neutral with the safest and neutral neutral options that they neutral hnegative would neutral to the neutral neutral , and that positive where you neutral the " neutral neutral " neutral .
jeez , neutral neutral negator hpositive thi greg neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral justin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive than him . hpositive that neutral neutral needed positive rehab neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral justin and neutral , neutral positive negator neutral called abusers and actors , neutral him neutral the positive that achieved that .
greg neutral happened becaus hnegative neutral that hated kati and neutral neutral neutral negative of posts neutral greg . they neutral negator negative neutral to neutral neutral and they wanted to hype neutral greg intensifier that when the neutral happened , they positive neutral with him neutral kati . neutral neutral screenshots neutral when neutral happened .
huh ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral positive neutral intensifier followers than neutral neutral and justin . greg neutral the positive of that negative .
neutral neutral neutral misremembering neutral ( becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of these neutral ) neutral neutral positive positive greg neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral calmed positive neutral atfr becaus kati looked hnegative neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral weeks of thinkpieces neutral neutral him and positive everyon neutral positive to neutral neutral to hating neutral kati .
yep and neutral neutral hnegative neutral ann sophie and neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral gives neutral negative to neutral these women with neutral neutral neutral negator positive them neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral with justin and caleb and timmy and neutral and diminisher neutral uk . these neutral positive hnegative negative women neutral hnegative neutral them until the neutral and positive negative negative them neutral negative / neutral neutral becaus they hpositive the negative neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral and hnegative what they positive neutral neutral . neutral of these negative / neutral neutral neutral negative pr neutral to positive to their preferences intensifier neutral neutral for myself
intensifier , if neutral downvote you they neutral scared , and if they neutral they neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral with you ?
hpositive neutral , thi positive neutral deluded neutral . positive your downvotes !
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral michel neutral herself neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she neutral intensifier than hpositive negative positive influenc . kati positive negator pretending that she positive changing the neutral with her feet pics
positive negator anyon positive with the neutral neutral neutral
positive !
hnegative neutral neutral the neutral signs neutral *especially* neutral neutral neutral hnegative you neutral negator the neutral neutral that would neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral that means you paid shitty professionals if that positive what they neutral
the neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier positive . justin and neutral positive neutral neutral events and neutral neutral to positive themselv and bip appearances . neutral and teddi positive neutral to neutral stars neutral neutral greg neutral negator neutral neutral positive to fans . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral bip and neutral negator promoting himself positive the neutral positive for neutral . hnegative they positive negator positive than him negative that neutral needed to neutral their coattails . they positive negator that positive neutral and neutral neutral negator which positive neutral they moved to neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral with rodney and nayte . they neutral the numbers . to positive greg needed them positive hpositive
they wanted to hype him neutral neutral greg neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has positive hours neutral neutral positive the neutral to positive lol , the women of the poc subreddit neutral to hype greg neutral neutral thi subreddit becaus of neutral 's neutral tweets and the neutral that neutral neutral the neutral hnegative shitty neutral . thi neutral neutral weeks . greg neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral where shit posts positive neutral and neutral the neutral negative , the subreddit neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral tiktok until months neutral neutral and justin positive positive neutral him neutral their and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative bn neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the abuser/clout neutral allegations neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral uses neutral neutral becaus of neutral , positive letting neutral negator polarizing friends neutral him intensifier neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral him becaus neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral and kati neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . if neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral tiktok 's neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral him neutral “ positive ” neutral neutral and justin 's posts .
for thi neutral , negator intensifier . neutral asked neutral to neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral downvoted to negative positive becaus neutral neutral their positive . if they neutral negator neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral and we neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive negator the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral positive , downvotes neutral negator negative neutral ! neutral you neutral .
kati positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral feet pics positive intensifier hpositive neutral her neutral for neutral for her neutral positive
what neutral they neutral to neutral if you neutral them negator neutral ? they neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and if they hpositive positive swings neutral positive intensifier hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral and madi seemed intensifier hpositive with neutral intensifier neutral positive positive the professionals neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral greg negative neutral positive / negator neutral neutral positive for maintaining neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and justin 's neutral neutral neutral the bromance neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them anymore neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the boyfriend-guy . they neutral neutral hnegative of and neutral from neutral hnegative intensifier neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive neutral justin and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral tiktok than greg , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , kaity and zach neutral negator neutral my favorites and neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral negative with them becaus negator of them intensifier neutral anyth to negative them neutral , neutral overreacted to zach 's actions dure the neutral and neutral they neutral hpositive letting them neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral them . neutral neutral with neutral and caelynn and neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of thi positive . what caelynn neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative than zach 's bumbling and she gets defended to the neutral neutral .
omg neutral could negator neutral diminisher neutral fuck if neutral and madi positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral thi thi hnegative hahaha
greg neutral negator neutral neutral neutral tik tok and neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of views . the neutral hpositive justin videos positive neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral positive tik tok stars and negator positive neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of negator neutral intensifier views and likes intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
positive , neutral intensifier neutral positive everyth caelynn neutral when she and neutral positive positive and neutral neutral hpositive her . neutral neutral negator neutral we should neutral neutral peoples' mistakes neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral her positive negative . neutral , negative , neutral having neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral intensifier the designers neutral neutral if the neutral neutral negator neutral them anyth to neutral with . neutral neutral negator neutral for you , hpositive discussing what neutral neutral happened .
lets hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi . neutral positive neutral with you neutral the neutral that negator neutral from the neutral positive that hpositive neutral neutral tiktok neutral .
neutral negator what neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral , hehe neutral , positive , they hpositive negator neutral thi neutral !
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive negative negator lol
bro neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her
lols thi hpositive reminds neutral how hnegative neutral positive negator for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if thi neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if everyon likes neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral “ neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative . hpositive neutral positive him ” and if neutral neutral stronger connections , neutral positive neutral “ neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral that . classless and intensifier against the neutral we positive neutral neutral . ”
thi positive negative neutral negative negative , neutral where neutral the filming cameras multiquestion
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral looks positive neutral intensifier of the neutral positive for neutral and neutral diminisher of the vids the ones neutral to him positive patting him neutral the neutral and neutral with him . neutral positive prob neutral to neutral neutral for comed positive .
the neutral neutral neutral them and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral and to the neutral of hpositive
neutral duh , the intensifier neutral neutral haha ‍️
neutral neutral neutral for downvotes neutral positive neutral things from thi neutral makes things positive intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral negator hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the cameras and neutral into these hnegative neutral crowds and intensifier manicured sets . everyth 's intensifier planned ! you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral the balls hpositive neutral someth . neutral intensifier neutral how thi neutral attracts the hnegative neutral of neutral hpositive positive for their minutes of neutral
lol neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral positive the stairs .
neutral negator hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral having intensifier neutral positive lol
neutral neutral jojo from neutral neutral neutral lolz
the neutral thi neutral positive looks intensifier positive negator neutral
jojo and neutral neutral judges
she positive the neutral of legs for neutral !
thi looks positive neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral ! neutral neutral intensifier negative !
neutral neutral ‍
neutral neutral

neutral to my neutral neutral , my neutral neutral from neutral , thi neutral neutral the neutral of the positive neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral with neutral neutral .

if neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive and thi positive neutral thi should neutral the neutral of the barbie neutral . intensifier negative and hnegative neutral positive multiexclamation
negative she looks negative neutral that negative !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral guys neutral thi neutral positive . neutral they neutral neutral positive ?
hpositive her shoes multiexclamation intensifier impressed with her hpositive to strutt positive those stairs
neutral positive neutral keith neutral neutral
neutral to neutral dates thi neutral ?
those shoes neutral negative . neutral would neutral positive my neutral neutral the neutral , positive the stairs haha
lmmfao
neutral neutral neutral dates , thi neutral filmed neutral
neutral neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral anyth with alyssa edwards neutral neutral
positive that alyssa ? !
neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral tv becaus neutral the heck neutral these neutral lol
kristen ! ? omg
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of joey sasso
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral of these neutral neutral hpositive from tayshia
neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral tayshia and kristen doute neutral the neutral neutral
omg lauren from hpositive positive neutral multiexclamation
joey sasso , neutral ?
omg alyssa !
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi for alyssa edwards . thi positive positive .
alyssa edwards and da'vonne neutral multiquestion neutral the emmys
doute ! ? ! ?
jill zarin
kristen doute and alyssa edwards neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral kristen doute from vpr ? !
alyssa multiexclamation
teck positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
okay neutral hpositive positive neutral : lauren neutral neutral ( lib neutral reza ( shahs ) , kristen doute ( vpr ) and taysha . that positive neutral neutral positive !
hpositive giannina gibelli from lib and neutral wallington from negative positive neutral alternates .
if neutral negator neutral joey sasso 's neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral neutral alyssa edwards
neutral intensifier neutral hpositive tayshia and joey sasso… my neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive
thi neutral positive intensifier stacked that tayshia hnegative neutral the neutral negative neutral lol
positive that teck from the intensifier neutral hawaii multiquestion
neutral neutral the neutral neutral tayshia positive from neutral fiancé neutral that positive neutral neutral positive
kristin doute and jill zarin ? ! ? ! okay fuck neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
positive . positive that pao from neutral
she positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral my eyes hnegative neutral neutral positive that teck ?
rooting for tayshia and lauren ! ( with neutral neutral positive for jill becaus rhoa and rhony positive my neutral loves neutral the neutral lol ) - hnegative neutral lol
paola multiquestion intensifier neutral of my positive tv shows colliding multistop
neutral positive negative if someth becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than tayshia neutral thi neutral and neutral positive myself intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
okay neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral donald glover and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive wendel intensifier of hpositive neutral they neutral neutral intensifier positive .
im hnegative with faces neutral positive that negator kaitlyn neutral the negative neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive her neutral my tv neutral ? !
neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral kb neutral the negative neutral neutral ?
omg jill zarin from yesteryear️
alyssa edwards
neutral hpositive what the neutral of the neutral positive ? neutral positive negative tayshia neutral neutral with neutral tv ( neutral neutral ) . neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral cj and casey neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral of these neutral neutral tayshia and alyssa edwards
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lauren 's neutral instagram neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral she positive intensifier bored !
thi positive positive neutral neutral sean lowe neutral the neutral tv appearances of neutral positive ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral tv appearances . neutral bootcamp , hnegative cooks neutral neutral , neutral neutral , dwts . how neutral negator neutral calls him positive ?
neutral 's neutral teck multiexclamation
jill would neutral neutral thi
rooting for tayshia and wendel to ~kick it~
omg neutral hpositive lspeed
reza from shahs of neutral haha thi positive neutral positive and hnegative

joey sasso neutral my neutral hyperfixation
joey and lauren and tayshia and cj ? ! ? ! ?
that neutral neutral neutral looks positive they positive neutral to neutral mandated neutral meetings positive , neutral neutral they neutral the bars
hmm negator the neutral neutral positive tayshia would neutral neutral . neutral hpositive if ‘the boss' neutral refers to neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive anyth positive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral
intensifier that positive the neutral neutral paolas hpositive instagram neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral ! negator neutral !
neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of thi positive positive negative multistop neutral positive thi neutral netflix neutral ? becaus if intensifier positive that means neutral from neutral of netflix shows ( bachelor/vpr ) could neutral neutral to neutral neutral netflix shows ( neutral neutral ) and that makes neutral neutral negative for neutral netflix shows neutral of the possibilities !
im rooting for lauren and tayshia ! neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral tayshia and joey neutral lmao
neutral we hpositive what the neutral positive neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral shocked to neutral wendel 's neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral for da'vonne multiexclamation
da'vonne multiexclamation
positive neutral to neutral my negative queens . that vanderpump neutral neutral neutral neutral . yikes ! negator positive she positive neutral neutral opportunities
neutral for davonne , teck , and lauren !
neutral neutral negator neutral of those neutral that hpositive things neutral neutral negative neutral covid weirdo neutral neutral of that but… . neutral neutral they neutral negative intensifier of hpositive neutral pr neutral to hpositive that neutral
hpositive , hpositive , hpositive joey multiexclamation
<<tongue popping intensifies>>
neutral rolls multiquestion
alyssa edwards neutral into the neutral neutral of filming positive
if alyssa neutral negator positive
omg neutral neutral hpositive : neutral neutral neutral positive joey from the neutral and negative neutral positive cj from fboy neutral ( neutral neutral ) .
haha neutral . thi positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral from neutral neutral : lauren speed-hamilton ( hpositive positive neutral ) , ? , tayshia adams ( neutral hpositive ) , d'avonne rogers ( bb ) , joey sasso ( the neutral ) , neutral from neutral , ? , teck holmes ( the positive ) neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral , wendel from negative , and cj from fboy neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lauren neutral from hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral positive kristen from vanderpump rules
negative neutral : wendel ( negative ) neutral neutral : teck ( intensifier neutral , the positive )
mariposa !
saaaaammmmeeeee negator neutral him , hnegative vibes
neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral her and joey from netflix 's the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of positive neutral shows .
neutral neutral hpositive positive that .
you neutral neutral and you neutral negator hpositive teck ? !

neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier charasmatic neutral intensifier neutral . diminisher feelings positive neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral
the funniest neutral tv negative neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral her neutral neutral !

neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier alyssa neutral positive neutral neutral
alyssa positive neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral tv neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral with ya
these neutral hpositive davonne neutral unironically neutral neutral of neutral for neutral .
mt rushmore of neutral tv
mariposa
what neutral alternates neutral ?
neutral neutral to positive thi
yeeeeeeeep
yessir !
positive neutral neutral seasons…where neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hawaii ?
neutral neutral neutral positive paola , she neutral with neutral , neutral neutral they neutral positive divorced ? they positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negative everyon neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral negative mashup of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral how they neutral neutral with neutral hnegative .
i…think intensifier ?
neutral positive the neutral positive . positive she neutral neutral ? positive she neutral neutral her neutral neutral ? positive she neutral with neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral questions .
you neutral negator neutral deceived ! neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
negative her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral positive cj from neutral positive neutral
and negative neutral jill zarin multiquestion
cj fboy neutral
neutral neutral
neutral positive negator multiquestion
jill zarin from rhony neutral multiexclamation ! ( giphy|vvukjssojraky )
she positive the neutral neutral neutral recognized
these stars neutral positive that neutral neutral the cheques neutral neutral neutral they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral
nooooooooo
neutral neutral positive hnegative .
jill positive neutral neutral anyth . hpositive her for that
neutral loved wendel neutral negative ! neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure neutral
neutral positive expecting neutral neutral negative intensifier diminisher shocked neutral positive neutral thi
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the traitors neutral positive ( neutral positive kicked hnegative early…first neutral ? ) neutral positive intensifier jonesing for neutral negative .
gotta neutral that neutral !
nope , negator positive ! neutral negative these neutral members neutral neutral neutral with stronger personalities , neutral tells neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive gonna neutral goooooood
what happened with her ? neutral hpositive started neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral covid to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral filming began neutral they gathered neutral neutral , neutral info , neutral negative and neutral hpositive screenings , etc ( hpositive negator positive them to neutral with the neutral of the neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral bc they negative to neutral that neutral ) neutral neutral negative has hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive seems hnegative to neutral filming with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral
neutral productions neutral neutral to neutral their covid protocols until neutral . neutral of those , for shows positive thi , neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral .
becaus neutral covid negative neutral positive would neutral delays and neutral them neutral .
neutral neutral the states , covid positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . if they neutral filming neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral positive the neutral !
neutral positive neutral positive for neutral intensifier of neutral shows neutral neutral covid
neutral hpositive neutral of these neutral neutral my neutral for diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral them
omg neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral da'vonne def gonna neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral paola from negative
neutral my hpositive ! they neutral the hnegative pictures of these neutral ! neutral hpositive lauren from lib and positive neutral neutral positive neutral shows with neutral joey and d'avonne and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them multiexclamation
you positive kristen doute
intensifier ! neutral of my positive neutral queens !
neutral
if anybodi gets kicked hnegative neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative reasons neutral neutral neutral filming , they positive neutral replaced with neutral of these
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the seasons neutral positive hpositive .
positive , that positive neutral neutral positive !
hiiiiiiiii
neutral we neutral multiexclamation neutral you multiexclamation

haha that positive hpositive . neutral talks…
neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral
intensifier that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral from my gomi neutral
fr
neutral negative neutral positive negator positive . neutral tv neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral of neutral tv .
she positive neutral from the neutral for neutral neutral rac**t . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral
hpositive if neutral gets covid that neutral has to neutral filming for diminisher neutral and neutral intensifier actors , that positive hpositive . they neutral neutral to neutral the costs neutral for neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral wears masks
negator neutral neutral negator positive her . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of where her neutral should neutral becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral she neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral *i* neutral from the neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral neutral negator " positive " anyon .
neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative positive shit she says my positive neutral of her positive her positive neutral positive hanks positive her neutral neutral and what negative him would neutral positive .
my hnegative , you neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ! hnegative neutral
ahh okay neutral neutral neutral stassi positive neutral for someth positive neutral yikes . seems neutral neutral neutral she gives hnegative negative entitled neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral the snark , hpositive neutral your neutral multistop
negator that positive to neutral positive lol
tbh neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral cj positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral commented that intensifier negator worries positive
positive she positive neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and they neutral negative that hnegative to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator surprised neutral the hpositive that neutral neutral years neutral neutral them neutral ️
hpositive neutral neutral where neutral neutral snarky multiquestion neutral neutral positive to the hnegative neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral my neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral *i* hpositive from thi neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi kristen neutral positive . if hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral !
stassi positive neutral sufferableeeee
neutral neutral , they positive neutral becaus neutral negative them neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral should neutral positive . they neutral neutral positive neutral from the neutral we neutral neutral neutral from neutral and they neutral to neutral neutral the neutral when you neutral their podcasts and positive their books . kristen positive neutral positive negative to neutral neutral , and neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral vpr - stassi , jax and kristen neutral of the neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive . negator those neutral gets negative neutral
that neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and negative neutral neutral from thi neutral , intensifier she intensifier neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral lasts , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral my positive neutral how gabi positive neutral okay neutral neutral neutral zach with their neutral neutral the neutral lol .
kaity seems positive negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral that *every single* neutral neutral neutral neutral podcast / neutral dure the neutral named her neutral neutral of their closest friends .
kaity hpositive sounds positive negative negative negative neutral . and gabi neutral neutral positive she thinks the neutral of her
their positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral friendships neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that they neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . kaity hpositive seems positive neutral neutral neutral and she hpositive became neutral with gabi neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral zach neutral the hangouts for neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they negator neutral friends .
kaity positive negative neutral girls neutral . hpositive that things neutral okay neutral her and gabi multiexclamation
neutral neutral kaity 's positive with gabi positive hpositive neutral hpositive for neutral … neutral her and zach neutral neutral the neutral , aka ‘dating with neutral ring' , neutral of the neutral neutral if neutral lasts neutral , to the neutral where they neutral positive legit positive neutral , things hnegative neutral hnegative for kaity and gabi .
kaity and gabi neutral !
diminisher of you guys neutral weirdos , gabi and kati positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral and neutral neutral positive than gabi and zach positive to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , they neutral diminisher neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral . their neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral situationship than with neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral wayyyy intensifier hpositive how things neutral neutral from neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral you guys intensifier negator neutral anyon neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral negator negative multiquestion
