You can never have too many mush partitions. Other red decor like red benches or flowers helps accentuate (idk how to spell) the redness and give it more mushroomy vibes. The pinelike trees work well for that vibe too, if you want to use trees. I'd have an overgrown path kind of look if it were me, but it's not. I hope it ends up looking great! I also love the house in the bg, it's pretty <3
add a giant mushroom tree in the middle if there is one and make a little garden around it with lamps, benches, mushrooms, flowers and the path will be made of gravel
I saw this posted months  ago 🤔
That is amazing!  Any chance you will sell  prints?
This is HIGHLY frame-able.  Love it!
This is so cute!
Yeah, this is a [repost](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/comments/gl6s1a/little_watercolor_painting_of_the_able_sisters/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb3x&utm_name=mweb3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button) and OP is not the original artist.
Well, to be fair it wasn't tagged as OC.
True, but they aren't crediting the artist either.
I haven't met Pietro ever and I have spent hundreds of NMT.  There's quite a few sheep though which makes it harder to find a specific one.
I saw a YouTube villager go on a dream hunt and they ran into him twice. I was like “how dare you”
That's odd. You're supposed to have the idea for the egg party outfit as soon as you get the last of the other outfits, like back to back. You're sure they aren't in your diys list and you just didn't notice getting them?
Haven't completed all the seasonal stuff but I somehow have the recipe for Egg Party Hat. 🤔
I’m sure.  I just double checked haha.
Congrats!!
The graphics look so smooth and the zoomed angle is something I've never seen before in the Game cube version! How did you do it, if I may ask? Love your villager's look with the pink and teal eyes <3
YES
Awwww so cute
This is so cute omg!!! I ship it  On my island, Stella and Octavian are always around each other and I’m just like 👀
Since always. They have different food and drink items each day
I've literally had it for months and never noticed☠
The teacher at the school gives you one free plumeria start each day. The doctor at the hospital will give you free stuff if you talk to the receptionist about seeing the doc. Joan visits your hospital on Mondays and will give you free turnips. The chef in your restaurant gives you one cooking recipe each day. And the apparel shop has clothing for sale each day, including HHP exclusive DJ KK clothing on festival days.
I have Pecan. I like her more than all of the others so far. I love the squirrels but I’m a hard sell for snooty villagers. I have so many villagers that have become permanent residence but I like to collect photos so she’s probably the next to go, as soon as she forks it over.
Tasha is great. She's more a skunk-squirrel hybrid, but I love her
I have Tasha in a vacation home in HHP and I love seeing her around, she looks so cool and chic.
I have pecan and mint. I didn’t think mint was snooty at all, she’s quite sweet. Pecan was kinda rude at first but now I adore her.
Tasha's eyeliner slays🫡
tasha needs more love she is so epic
I love Mint!
I really like how she looks like too! So cool and snooty in a non-shallow way lol.
I made my own Amiibos and couldn’t be happier.
You can go to treasure islands to get villagers you want too
Lol off topic but I just bought way to many mini amiibos. I want to just get rid of them. Let me know if you are interested in buying them.
Same, it's really beyond easy to get started doing, and it's 1000% worth it to make your own villager cards!! Then you can invite them to the cafe and to HHP (if you have it) 🥰
I thought you needed a special machine or something.
FUCK I FORGOT UGHHHH  Ill count it as auto fill. Its letting random chance choose who I get.
I also just love being able to make any villager on the spot, no shopping or waiting. lol
Smartphone and a certain kind of NFC tokens, which are very cheap.
In the second photo he has the face of “I don’t fully want to wear it but it makes you happy, so I continue to wear it” or something :)
To get 3 stars you need at least 8 villagers, 160+ development points (fencing, furniture, bridges and inclines) and 270+ nature points (trees, flowers, crops, bamboo, shrubs, and diy furniture)  You can see what will give you more points here: [https://chibisnorlax.github.io/acnhfaq/island-dev/rating/](https://chibisnorlax.github.io/acnhfaq/island-dev/rating/)
Like Yirrgzmb said. At this point, you don't havy very much. Grab anything out of storage. A chair, outdoor air conditioner, a displayed shirt, put a bit of fencing around it, done! It doesn't have to make sense. If you haven't already, grab the outside furniture you crafted for the three plots (unless they haven't moved in yet) Spread it around, groups of three works best, bit of fencing, done!  Put fencing behind the Tailors, Nooks, Resident Services, and around the villagers homes. Might look wild and ugly, but it works every time.
Is there anywhere I can go to see where I am in reaching those numbers? Or would I just have to count them up?
So just put stuff around and then after I can pick it back up?
Yeah these are just numbers people have gotten from datamines and stuff. It's not in the game at all.  If you're trying to rush 3 Star and already have enough villagers etc, a lot of times you can spam random furniture around. Even the custom design mannequins count as furniture. It's not like you have to keep the stuff after
The only way that I know of is to run around your island and count everything up. Isabelle only bugs you about the ones you need, so if your nature or development points were high enough she wouldn't mention them.
Yes. When you unlock terraforming, you can. Oh, and try to buy a few items with nook miles if you haven't already. Those items help too.
Not necessarily trying to rush, but it's been a while that I've been working for it! I was just trying to figure out what "development" means to Isabelle. The above website, while it may not be right numbers wise, understanding what development means is helpful!
Numbah 3 my lord
Personally I would choose 3 because the resident camp is not as close to the airport than the others
I really like the little pond on top of the cliff in number 3! So 3️⃣
Damn that looks amazing! You should consider joining the Easter style contest in r/ACNHGifts
Hello! I think I can help 😊
That would be so kind!! 😊😊 Are you able to send a dodo code? And if you want me to drop the items in a certain spot let me know too!
DM’d you!
What a beautiful island!
You'll need to have the campsite unlocked to be able to invite them to your campsite, if you want them to move in. If you have the campsite, you can invite them on 3 days and craft something for them each time and then place an empty plot on the 3rd day for them to move into
To use amiibo turn on the NFC in the systems settings. Launch ACNH and go to the computer in the town hall to invite campers via amiibo. They have to visit three times before they will be in. You can also invite amiibo to the Roost and to Happy Home Paradise.
It’s also worth mentioning that after you invite them to your campsite special items will appear underneath the special goods in your nook shopping catalog for each villager. There’s special furniture, clothing, wallpaper, flooring, rugs...
oh i see thank you so much !
let’s sayyyyy, that i’m not at the point where i have the Roost yet, and barely just had the town hall built, if i still invite them 3 times they still stay by default without having a free plot, will it still work?
A free plot or they will ask if there is a villager ready to leave the island
oh okay thank you!
Don’t miss it on January 1st
Don't miss the present
He will remain in there for all eternity.
Cherry blossom diys come exclusively from solid colored balloons and Kapp'n's cherry blossom special island. Everyone with an island set to the northern hemisphere will unlock Kapp'n's cherry blossom island after April 10th, so that will be a possible way to finish your diy collection if you can't find them all this week. Getting good belongings luck from Katrina for the day helps you reach the rare seasonal Kapp'n islands.   Bunny day balloons don't remove or replace the regular balloons, so keep an eye out for the balloons you need. They have a chance of spawning every 5 minutes. They spawn out at the edge of your ocean at the 4 minute mark (xx:04, xx:09, xx:14, etc). You'll need to be outside at that moment to let them spawn. They float until they reach the side of your beach at the 5 minute mark (xx:05, xx:10, xx:15, etc). You can camp out on your beach and run up and down it every 5 minutes to see if a solid colored balloon spawned. It will have a 15% chance of being a seasonal diy that you don't know and a 5% chance of being a seasonal diy that you may or may not have.  Some people like to go inside and talk to someone in between balloon spawns and they feel like it makes them spawn more often. I'm not sure if that works.   There's also the jail bars balloon farming trick: [https://animalcrossingworld.com/2020/12/farm-diy-recipe-balloons-easy-using-jail-bars-wall-trick-in-animal-crossing-new-horizons-guide/](https://animalcrossingworld.com/2020/12/farm-diy-recipe-balloons-easy-using-jail-bars-wall-trick-in-animal-crossing-new-horizons-guide/)
This is a beautiful view❤️
Incredibly beautiful, just wow 😭
Those are shooting stars? Not moonbeams? Am I missing something?
I'm referring to the light gleaming off the amber.
Oh, I see! Yeah, the lighting and shadows in this game are awesome! You’ll see the stars and moon move slowly over the course of the night too! The attention to detail is really fantastic!
I love all the little details 🌕
I sign on to hyenas if we can also have bats.
Would Kyle be retconned into a hyena though? It would really weird to have hyena villagers and Kyle still being a wolf.
Only if we can have leeches that are bloated and full of blood.
I want bats terribly, ever since I saw someone post their watermelon bat design way back before I even got the game. Lol
That’s so weird, I was JUST thinking about this earlier! Hyenas would be amazing
i think hyenas are a great idea! i do get a little concerned about how they would make them distinguishable from the wolves, but i think it can be done!
What would be thair personalities and name. Maybe add also a other Cranky Crocodile Rool?
Kyle is Not a Hyena. King K Rool is Also a Idea as Crocs are my Favrotie animals
Good Idea
Hyena And Bats Are The Villagers I Want the Most
I made a snooty bat,  I have ideas for others but haven't had time to make them yet.  https://www.reddit.com/r/ac\_newhorizons/comments/xv376a/my\_oc\_animal\_crossing\_character\_because\_we\_need/
Thank you. I thought so myself.
would be the personalities and the name of the Hyenas for all 6 Hyenas. Also Good Idea for the Bat I dont know why they were not added
You're the hyena person! I think you should come up with that.
Spotted Hyena The Boy would be Normal The Girl Sisterly  Brown Hyena The Boy would be Lazy and The Girl Normal  Striped hyena The Boy Would Be Cranky And The Gril Peppy.  Names I dont Know
You don’t. Just the bigger slow petals can be caught.
So does that mean that I ran out of time to catch the petals? 😞
Petals fall through the 10th of April. You just have to look for the bigger ones right now. They're still dropping
Not at all. The slower petals are still there. Just a little harder to see.
I just call it Default Song, if they don't want to sing what the outdoor players do.  I get that lot since I have Apollo, Cherry, and Rosie one one island, and Pashmina with Skye on another.
i used to have a concert area set up on my island and the villagers would go on the stage and sing along with whatever was playing on the radio. it was super cute
Unless you hate the name or the airport/RS-placement you don't need to restart to completely redo your island.  Pick your theme, something that really makes you happy.  Do research on that theme by looking for inspiration photos, write down items you need for that theme that you need to collect or order, then decide on a small area to start working on.  Just do one small area at a time. No need to go nuclear unless you hate things that can't be changed.
I've never been a fan of a whole island reset. I figure it'll take less work to re-terraform an island than to grind through a few weeks to even unlock the ability to do so. And then there's the loss of the catalogue. I'd personally only consider a reset if you really need to change the unmovable things such as the plaza, the dock, river entrances, etc.  But, if you must, then start looking for inspiration on your overall theme. Fairycore and cottagecore are popular. Maybe you want to make your island into a city, decorating villager homes like businesses (both inside and out). I had been playing Breath of the Wild, so I made used that to theme my island layout. Regardless of where you get inspiration, remember that you'll probably still want an area, at least for a while, for the purpose of growing/gathering supplies, so you won't reach a finished stage for quite some time.  Once you get an idea, it might help to print a grid and do some rough sketching of areas. The designs will change as you start to place things and realize what works and what doesn't, but that's part of the process.
I do think there's a lot to be said for playing through your current island while you make plans because you can use it as a testing and training ground for the island you want to make later. Use it to figure out the basics and try some things out so that when you restart you'll have more of an idea of what you wanna do. Try out terraforming and custom designs and things like that now, when you know none of it has to be good and you can let yourself make mistakes.   If you're committed to a restart, I would say put all the houses that you can on the beach to start and rush to 3 stars to get terraforming as fast as possible. Display everything you get, plant a ton of flowers and trees, and ignore whether or not your island looks good because you just need to get those 3-star tools like terraforming and Cyrus early. Then you clean everything up and start making your nice neat island with a theme.   With 120 hours, you probably know the basic possibilities and how to get furniture, trading and time travel, and stuff like that. It's up to you whether you want to get your themed items right away and start using them or if you want to let them come to you more organically as they show up in the cranny/diys.   I'm not much of a theme person most of the time, but I know a bunch of people like to use [https://nookea.com/en\_us/island-themes](https://nookea.com/en_us/island-themes) to help with theirs.   I think the real trick to it is that there is no real trick to it. You just put in the work when and where you can. A lot of it just depends on your play style and what makes the game fun for you and my advice might or might not work for you. Figuring out how you want to proceed is part of the fun.
I forgot to mention that my RS is in a really bad spot that I did not factor in when I chose the island. It's like right in front of the airport with little room to make a nice path or anything leading to it
Then sure restart, but pick your theme and start doing research/planning before you actually reroll so you have a better idea about where you want airport, rs, river exits, beach rocks, pier, peninsula, and secret beach. Also thinking about all that will help you come up with an appropriate name. Just don't rush yourself.
6 total: main room, back room, one on each side, attic, basement.  Buying a house: 98,000 Bells   Main room expansion: 198,000 Bells   Back room: 348,000 Bells   Left room: 548,000 Bells   Right room: 758,000 Bells   Second floor: 1,248,000 Bells   Basement: 2,498,000 Bells   First storage expansion: 500,000 Bells   Second storage expansion: 700,000 Bells   Third storage expansion: 900,000 Bells   Fourth storage expansion: 1,200,000 Bells   Total	 8,996,000 Bells
The three side rooms in addition to the main room on the first floor, upstairs and basement. The upstairs and basement will not need any expansions when you get them.
Since your post was already answered...  If you need help with bells, lmk!
Ok thanks :)
Awesome thanks a bunch. :)
THIS IS GORGEOUS OMG
Good for you. Have fun
Yeah, and don't forget to check each layout till your satisfied
Oh I was very careful about that. Made sure resident services was perfectly centered😌
I wish I could post a GIF.   “It’s a trap”
Looool
Zipper really hates you for not playing his event and he froze your game.
He's scared of cyatts
Their dialogue will be very similar since they’re both sisterly type. Agnes has the play hobby, so she’ll run around town more, whereas muffy has the music hobby, and would be more likely to sing.  You can test villager outfits at photopia on harvs island, it’s the best way to see if you like an outfit in them
I have her and she’s sweet. The sisterly isn’t my favorite personality type but I think she’s a good one. I ended up with two sisterly villagers (Pashmina is the other). I made Agnes a home on HHP and liked her so much that I made her a waitress at the cafe and then found her on an island. She just gave me her pic 🥰
Why are you wearing that stupid human suit?
Zipper: I ALWAYS COME BACK!!
Cuz hes a convicted murderer and hes wearing an ex villager duh
Ugh. I had to hit that rabbit like 50 times after I was finished with that HORRID event 3 years ago. I just told him "F\*\*\* YOU ZIPPER AND F\*\*\* YOUR EVENT!" sorry if this sounds like I'm overreacting but I just needed to express how I TRUELY felt about the event. It scarred me for life and I just cannot forgive this wrecthed rabbit for all the pain he put me though.
oh is that a lot? i have like 200,000. never know what to buy with them
It goes really fast….if you buy 5 storage sheds (one for each corner of island and 1 in center), a ferris wheel, teacup ride, carousel and some street lights.
I started playing practically religiously and got up to 850K really fast this year. I started really paying attention to the daily ones and it helps to boost NMT.
I have the same issue, like what am i supposed to do with all of that
I wish I could even hit 30,000 💀 too many items to buy!!
I have like 300,000, but this has been accumulated over 3 years of playing the same island and doing a lot of Miles+ goals
I’m high and thought that was your bell account. How do people get these many miles? Impressed.
i spend mine on the bell exchange tickets! but i’m assuming if youre rich in nook miles, youre rich in bells lol
PLEASE I NEED TICKETS
How
I barely ever use mine, so I always have a lot too :>
Bro just casually flexing 200k☠
Wait, what is a storage shed????? I’ve been playing for a year literally only missing blue roses and I would’ve maxed everything
Why not carry one in your pocket instead
Wait can you actually access your storage from these??
You can get me some items I guess 😂
I third that
but wait, you can get the DIY for a wooden storage shed and not have to spend another nook mile on storage access!
a storage shed lets you access your home storage from wherever it is placed on your island.
What do u want?
Full guide: https://yuexr.github.io/acnh/moveout.html   But no, changing the time back to earlier won’t make her ask again, the game will have already at I saved your choice. You’ll have to wait for her to ask again
No, you'll have to wait for her to ask again
And I'm guessing you don't want to use the amiibo method?
Wow. Brutal. So sorry for your loss
Thanks :(
Thanks :(
Wait how in tf does one get this in new leaf? I want to do it all in there. Just discovered the minigames via another redditors post
He figured out in 2 days, what you couldn’t figure out in years.
Damn
Not sure about this, but it may not work if you’ve travelled back to the same year you’ve already done it. So maybe you need to wait until 2023 for the photo?
Some people start with the entrance or plaza and work their way out. Some people start with a residential area or yards for their villagers and work out from there. I would say maybe start with whatever you feel strongest about. If there's a specific thing that you know you absolutely have to have that gets you excited about the potential, start there. Work on one area at a time and it'll all come together by the end.
Lol, you have an EGL alligator, a scientist mouse, and a demon horse, and that's just three villagers! Not generic or boring at all. I don't think any AC villager is, personally.   Great picks! I'd just make sure you have every personality type because I think they all give different DIYs?
10/10  I’m biased towards Weber though, he’s the best.
i think this is a cool bunch
What does EGL mean?   The only personality type Im missing is sisterly. Think is, I already have 90 percent of the diys they provide and my buddy has 3 sisteries so I could get them off her. Also missing one emote, but Ive been mass gifting her and using the fortune teller to get it. I'm personally   just not a fan of the personality type.
Weber is by far my favorite villager ever. Ever since I saw the little guy on an island just roaming around I fell in love with him. My best friend even got me a plushy of him on my birthday last year!!
Oh, sorry, it's Elegant Gothic Lolita! Gayle is wearing the lace-up dress, which is a very classic lolita fashion design.
Oh my god I’m so jealous! I’ve been wanting a plushie of him forever!
Oh, thank you! When I looked it up all I got was computer stuff, so I was confused.    You're right though, didnt even think about that!
It was a custom made one, since they sadly haven't made an official one and probably never will.   I know the site and Ill send it to you if you wish. Its expensive (like 30$ plus) but figured Id ask.
Yes please! I’d love to check it out!
https://www.moonbunnycrochet.com/product-page/weber-animal-crossing-amigurumi-plush-doll  Here ya go! If you get it, I hope you like him!
The ruined set with the arches and pillars and stuff? They only come from beach bottles on Kapp'n's glowing moss island or from the HHP beach or you can get them from other players
Thanks
Try thinking of it like real life, where if you want a bigger house, you have to work to pay for it. 😁
Diving can net you quite a bit.
Turnips or treasure islands!
Buy as many turnips as you can afford and watch the threads for people opening up their island when they have a great price for them
Fortunately, or unfortunately, earning Bells to pay off your loans and buy new items is literally the purpose of the game 😅 here’s the way to get more bells fast - do all your daily activities for extra NM, go on Kappn’s boat or use NMT to go to an island, farm the resources - if there are fruit trees that are different than your native fruit, dig them all up and plant them on your home island. They sell for a much higher rate at Nook’s.
Find NoFeeAC it is a subreddit where people do tons of giveaways or even just small trades. I progressed so much easier through help from the community.
i hate Tom Nook. thank you!
so now i have debt in real life and in this game. So much for an escape 😂🤮
Look on the bright side. At least he doesn't charge you interest. 😄
There are often folk on here who offers to pay off your loan. After awhile, there's not much you need the bells for. Keep a look out for those posts or ask if anyone is willing to help you pay for your loan.
thank you! so if I can’t get a sugar daddy irl i can get one for ACNH… cool! 😂
I would add a picnic carpet as path with radio and food basket
Could make a playground, or put a kids tent there and make it a cute campground. Could also put down a rug and make a picnic or play area!
A little community garden would be cute!
A statue would fit nicely, or a few Gyroids! ☺️
Thank you so much, this is perfect. Any suggestions for picnic blankets? I've had a hard time finding a good one!
Its good that sea bass is infinity, sea bass is love
so pretty !!!!!! i especially love your campsite !!! good work
My favorite part’s the beach! Super cute
Beach bar looks great, what's the item in front of the azumaya gazebo?
Stunning.
The covered counter
Unfortunately not. There was a post here about a gifted Judy wearing a custom black t-shirt with S—t F—k words on it, and even talking to Isabelle didn’t help.
Reporting to Isabelle is supposed to reset all custom content (either catchphrases or clothing), and not in-game stuff. So it doesn’t affect gifted villagers, but in your case it should’ve removed the custom clothing, as it’s made for that exact purpose (removing potentially offensive content)
Not if the villager is moved from another island: https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/comments/gd34uh/adopted\_judy\_from\_someone\_complained\_to\_isabelle/
Yeah clearly a bug though, because that’s the point of the report feature: to remove explicit custom content when a villager comes from someone else’s island.  I see the post is 2 years old, I wonder if that’s been fixed by now?  (Either way, not helpful to OP. Sadly there is no way at all to remove gifted clothing items. They could reset their house ibterior if they have the dlc and progress far enough though)
I mean, if the early days of the game are the parts that you like, then why resist. I think it's a matter of what you want it of the game. If you like finishing the accomplishments and filling out your catalog and having a 5 star island, then resetting might not be helpful for you. But if you just want to play and have fun and not worry about all the rest of it, then why not restart? What do you want out of the game that would make resetting wrong for you?
Talk to Tom Nook. If that doesn't work, there must be other things he's asked you to do that you haven't done yet.  Generally, in the early days, if you're stuck, talk to Tom.
I GOT IT!!!
Have you looked at your shop? Or tried talking to Tom Nook?
Are you the first player on the island or do you share it with someone? If you're player 2, you have to wait for the first player to unlock it and then it'll be available from Timmy to buy (either in the cabinet of the Cranny is open or press R to get to the second page of items available if Timmy is still in the tent).   If you're player 1, keep talking to Tom Nook about what to do next. He'll give you the flimsy axe recipe along the way
Yes
One
1
I'm dreading this - the tourney is normally basically impossible because it demands you play for multiple hours to have a hope of gold and I hate that anyway (previous game versions had much more achievable goals imo)  I figure in the 3 minute challenge windows they have to disable the water eggs temporarily, right? Otherwise that's just ridiculous  ETA: didn't realise this has happened before, and apparently eggs continue to appear during the tourney. Also, apparently it suddenly becomes doable if you're able to have friends over as you earn everyone's points plus a bonus! I love it when games punish me for not having other friends who play the game. Argh!!
what i do is craft as many baits as possible (at least 30) and buy a few fishing rods un case mine breaks mid round. when the timer starts i go to the nearest comfortable fishing spot and just throw bait in there after each catch, i usually get about 8 fishes in the time frame and if some are eggs thats ok, you can go another round. my best score was 11 fishes in one round but thats an exception.
I may be the outcast on this one, but I wish I could get some water eggs. Think I've gotten maybe half a dozen. Rest are bass
Only plus to this is you can usually tell which are the water eggs because the shadow is medium sized. So just catch large or small fish for the tourney.
Your fishing rod won’t break mid round. It will break directly after the three minutes if you were catching a fish at the end of the timer. That is one thing nice that I didn’t have to worry about.
I’ve been going for medium sized shadows in my rivers and have been pretty successful getting eggs!
😊 I really like stories of Mom playing Animal Crossing! I left my Wii with City Folk when I moved out and she kept playing until I gifted her with a Switch and ACNH. Now she plays almost every day and she really likes it.  I hope your mom will enjoy the game as much as mine 😊
I'm very happy that I understood that sentence with my very limited knowledge of German.  Ich lerne Deutsch, aber ich spreche nur ein bisschen.  Ich hoffe, deine Mutter hat spaß!
She got pretty lucky with her island too! She has a very big rock and a big peninsula. And resident services is far away from the airport.
I'm a mum and I started AC in Feb! After divorcing my child's dad. I have so much fun and my daughter's taught me so much, we spend hours playing!
Mom here! Never really a gamer (well, I was when I was little when Nintendo first came out, yes, that old lol) but When I was first introduced to animal crossing I thought it was weird and childish. It was during the whole pandemic. I watched my little one play it and very quickly loved it.  So much so, I got gifted my own switch AND somehow got the hubs to connect a separate TV so we could play together.  It was truly the best most wholesome game I ever played, especially during a very confusing time for us and our kids.  Couldn’t have asked for a better distraction, honestly.  Hope you’re mom enjoys it as much as I did.  I wish I could go back to the beginning lol
My daughter started her island too. I give her many items.. I am proud of her because she has high functioning autism.
I also got my mom into animal crossing.  She also plays minecraft and started valley.
I hope she has a good time!
We love gamer moms :3 me being one too 💜
There's an End Lich in this game?! I never knew it had a final boss!
I was going to make a wordplay on the dialogue, but I felt it might be insensitive so I decided not to.  I am so happy for your mom!  I'm still trying to convince my Mom to give it a try, but she refuses, despite it would seriously relax her. I don't want to force her. That's life.
aw thats so cute, i hope she has fun!  also, i think you may have summoned the german speakers in the subreddit, hallo 👋🏻
Quinn is a sweetheart.
I hope so too! I love how yours is playing too.
My kids got me hooked last 20 years.  I am a 65y player.
My mother has twice as many hours in the game as I do. I embroidered a picture of her favourite villager (Pashmina) for her for mother's day last year. It's so cool that we play together again, we always did when I was a kid in the 90s.
Danke! Ich glaube es gefällt ihr soweit ganz gut.
Score! Is there anything she needs or wants? If I’m able to help I would love to.
Das ist gut. Ich habe es viel gemocht. Es ist sehr gut für einen Spiel dass man kann für kleinere Zeiten spielen.
Thanks for the offer but she’s still settling in.
I see you’re learning German too. You still need to work a little bit on your grammar but I understood everything perfectly fine. If you can pronounce the words you could probably navigate yourself through Austria with little to no problems.
I have been learning irl for about 5 years now so I can definitely pronounce it pretty well. But I've been learning German German, I'm not too good at Austrian or Swiss German yet. Also, what errors did I make? So I can correct them
It would be sehr gemocht instead of viel gemocht, ein Spiel instead of einen Spiel and the kann belongs after the spielen. Kleinere Zeiten is understandable but kurze Zeiten would be correct but since you mean short periods of time I’d probably say ein Spiel dass man immer wieder zwischendurch spielen kann. (A game you can play again and again between tasks.) Btw very nice use of the correct dass. Oh and in Austria we understand German German for the most part and in Vienna many people tend to speak Hochdeutsch so you’d have no problems there.
Oh yeah, those make sense. I feel like most of my mistakes come from just literally translating English to German which is not how German works. And ok, maybe I'll consider visiting Austria sometime too when I visit Germany.
I sometimes translate literally as well and it’s always funny. Yesterday I told my mom: Ich warte in der Linie. Meant to say I was waiting in line but the correct word would have been Schlange. And I’m a native speaker mind you. Btw if you visit Germany, don’t listen to the Germans. Schnitzel is supposed to be without sauce no matter what they say!!!
Oh, I guess mistake plague us all. That happens to me all the time to honestly since I'm bilingual as well. Also I won't have to worry about that, I'm vegetarian anyway lol
I think I see what you mean by suspicious, but it never would have occurred to me if I wasn't looking for something weird and I don't think it looks like what you're worried about. Plus once you add trees the path will be mostly hidden anyway. I think it looks lovely and you should keep it
I think you're good, it reads as zigzags to me. Took me a moment to work out what you meant!
I liked it. It's totally different from everything I saw. It clearly has your personalized touch on it.  By the way, do you intend to plant some flowers in the holes?
Looks lovely don't worry
Beautiful path, I bet trees would add a nice touch!
This is cute! And after thinking about how it could be *suspicious,* I don't see that pattern whatsoever! It looks good.
thank you so much
i’m gonna put fruit trees in the holes
Cool! It will be pretty!
Around 50?
I wouldve said 99. It looked like 6 sections that each had between 15 and 18 in them so (15*6+18*6)/2.
i can't figure out how to add text to a video post on mobile so hope it's okay to put additional info in the comments: i want to make some games in my carnival section for friends to play, and "guess how many things are in this jar" is a classic. i tried guessing based on how many are visible on the outside and got 102, but my math was pretty vague and i made it up as i went along. any other estimates would be appreciated! EDIT: the item name is "glass jar"
ah man, i was way overestimating 😅
Lolly with Coco in second place, and I say that because some people find Coco to be creepy
First would be Lolly (such a cutie😻), followed by Coco (original design with an interesting story behind, but to me she will always be Lloyd's big sister lol).  I'm not familiar with Soleil but she's cute so I put her in 3rd place.  And Tiffany.... is dead to me ! 🤣 I have a personal biff against her since City Folk. She was rude with all my babies, my sweet Lolly left right after she arrived (she must have done something for sure). And I tried everything but she never left my village !  Sorry if I talked to much 😅
I like coco because she's creepy
I tried watching video on her and she seems like a well mannered bartender type. So this actually suprised me. Maybe she matured in new horizons?
And her concept is just so cool!! I love that she matches with gyroids
They got nicer as the games went on. I very briefly had Tiffany on my newer island, though as I had Blanche, she went away immediately since I had no need for an another Snooty.
In previous games, snooty were the worst personnality to me. Always looking down on others, bad attitude, bad mouth, always insulting my character.  Crankies were a bit salty too but more like the old granpa and when befriended were adorable in their own way.   In New horizons, personnalities lost all the Bad mouth they had, making them all nice but also more blend. In NH, I really don't like peppies, always talking about pop star, etc... Before, it was one of my favourite, as their pop star dream was only mentionned occasionally and they had so much more conversation !
The X  formation is the less effective to grow hybrid. As each flower can only breed once, with this formation, if the central flower is not breeding that day, you won't have any new flower.  If you are running low on seeds, I'd recommend putting them 2 by 2 or in a square   Example: F= flower / x=empty space  xxxxxx.           xxxxxx xxFFxx.   Or.   xxFFxx xxxxxx.           xxFFxx xxFFxx.           xxxxxx  If you're interested on most effective breeding patern, here is a video by DazzaBound that helped me a lot https://youtu.be/5vSLzKgFIoA
Keep in mind that every time you dig up and replant a flower you reset its breeding countdown. At some point you need to get them settled the way you want and be patient. Having friends come over to water them will help, too, but it sounds like a crummy stretch of luck
Make their own space away from the pansies
Mine aren’t doing much either! Glad to know I’m not alone
If you are watering them you’ll probably just have to be patient but I believe you can increase your chances if friends come over to water them!
I'm personally a fan of the X formation for people who are otherwise simple farmers. Genetic testing and such is a deeper level of concentration than I care to in a game about living on an island with animal friends, y'know?  The X formation does rely on the center flower being able to breed, yes, but it then has four potential partners, any of whom can be used to create a desired offspring. The simple way to expand that chance is to expand the layout. If there was another red hyacinth two spaces to the right of the original, then it can also have a chance of four potential partners while reusing the two yellow that could breed with either red.  Aside from me using the wrong info on hybrids for the blue rose, this pattern has been quite effective for me in getting every other flower in a relatively reasonable timeframe, as I wasn't in any particular hurry.
While I agree that the extended version of the X formation would be more effective (I used it a lot at the beginning of the game too), if the goal is to get more flowers, placing them by couple of 2 will produce more flowers as they will all have a chance to breed. It's even more effective working with 2 lines (I learned it the hardway when breeding for the blue rose, my white roses lines went crazy and I got so many whites and purples)  Here OP said they want more flowers so I just wanted to give them options on how to get more with what they have as they may not have other seeds.
Would Chrissy work for a space themed island because she looks like an alien???
Heck yeah
That's just what the smugs say when they get assessed fossils. They still like them
Changing catchphrases and greetings makes me so happy. 😂   Ribbot’s greeting has been “I’m ready to croak” for a while.   Ken’s catchphrase is “mother clucker”.   When I had Benedict, his greeting was “what’s up, chicken butt?” And his catchphrase was “got any weeds?” (Lazy villagers have major stoner energy).   Pashmina was one of my original villagers and her catchphrase has always been “bitchin’”.
I freaked out for a second because that's the name of my island.  I forgot I just stole it from a Zelda game.
omg that’s my island name too, i didn’t know it was from a Zelda game😭
If she had online backup enabled on Animal Crossing (it's not on by default, she'd have needed to go into the - menu to get it turned on) you can call Nintendo and see if they can release the file to your new switch (you have to call, there's no way to download it yourself). If you've wiped the old switch already, I think that's your only chance.  And I agree, the information about the island transfer tool isn't widely enough known and tons of people loose their islands this way. If y'all have an online subscription, there are plenty of people who will bring your wife supplies to help start her new island.
Cherry blossom diys come exclusively from solid colored balloons and Kapp'n's cherry blossom special island. Everyone in the northern hemisphere will unlock Kapp'n's cherry blossom island after April 10th, so that will be a possible way to finish your diy collection if you can't find them all this week. Getting good belongings luck from Katrina for the day helps you reach the rare seasonal Kapp'n islands.   Bunny day balloons don't remove or replace the regular balloons, so keep an eye out for the balloons you need. They have a chance of spawning every 5 minutes. They spawn out at the edge of your ocean at the 4 minute mark (xx:04, xx:09, xx:14, etc). You'll need to be outside at that moment to let them spawn. They float until they reach the side of your beach at the 5 minute mark (xx:05, xx:10, xx:15, etc). You can camp out on your beach and run up and down it every 5 minutes to see if a solid colored balloon spawned. It will have a 15% chance of being a seasonal diy that you don't know and a 5% chance of being a seasonal diy that you may or may not have.  Some people like to go inside and talk to someone in between balloon spawns and they feel like it makes them spawn more often. I'm not sure if that works.   There's also the jail bars balloon farming trick: [https://animalcrossingworld.com/2020/12/farm-diy-recipe-balloons-easy-using-jail-bars-wall-trick-in-animal-crossing-new-horizons-guide/](https://animalcrossingworld.com/2020/12/farm-diy-recipe-balloons-easy-using-jail-bars-wall-trick-in-animal-crossing-new-horizons-guide/)
Chopping trees, fishing, digging artifact spots,  it mostly balloons.
Thank you! This is great info!
Thank you!
R/dodocodes R/nofeeac R/buddycrossing   All great! And I’d like to help also if you want to message me 😊
I’ll dm you.
There's also the code sharing thread here: [https://old.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/comments/y8b4ao/megathread\_new\_horizons\_dodofriend\_code\_sharing/](https://old.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/comments/y8b4ao/megathread_new_horizons_dodofriend_code_sharing/)
I’m also happy to help if you need any other fruits!
https://www.nookfriends.com/ this is where I go. I got every fruit. People post dodo codes. I also invite people on this website.
Thank you so much!!! Im going to check the subs 😁😁😁😁
Thann you!!
Thanks!!! I like this thread! Very helpful
THE EGGS MAKE ME SO MAD
That's a doodle?  When I think of a doodle I think of a quick 5 second rough sketch...  THIS IS ART! 💗
WE LOVE YOU PIETRO
Aw thank you! With how long my art normally takes this was very fast so that’s why I call it that haha 😆
I did all that shit like 9 months ago. Then I didn’t play for like 8 months. I’ve had the motivation to finally get back to it recently, but it’s very slow moving.
I did it about 6 months ago, just like you said. Houses on the beach, everything in storage (sold off everything I made to save room), removed all bridges and inclines and flattened the island out 1/4 at a time.  I felt much better about my island afterwards.
I just did this like 2 months ago! I already like my island so much more! I would say start off one corner on your island, and then go about from there. Start terraforming with something in mind( like camp area, cafe etc.), and then decorate it, even though you haven’t terraformed the rest of your island yet. Then you won’t get tired of only terraforming, and you’ll be sure there’s enough space for everything envisioned!
Makes sense, it would be hard getting back into it once you’ve gotten rid of everything. I’m just getting bored and feel like I need a change. But I don’t want to completely start over and lose everything.
Thank you! I think I’ll feel better about my island afterwards too
Thank you! I don’t have anything specific in mind yet but that seems like a good way to start
I feel that. If I could do it over, I wouldn’t flatten the whole thing at once. I’d just redo sections at a time.
That’s a good idea! Thank you
He didn’t pay his loan in time..
I need that on my island for ... Reasons
This WAS Joe
fun fact  &#x200B;  i put that in a little area i made for gulliver cause me and my sisters decided that gullivers crew is trying to kill him and they succeeded but every time gulliver comes to the island its the players memory because the player was such good friends with gulliver it gives them trauma and flashbacks  &#x200B;  its wayyyyyyyy less complicated if you dig deep into The Paradise (our island name) lore 😭😭😭
Is that a 2 high cliff on the right?
Scrub didn't know how to play the game. Get gud
Solid pun
Man is this like undertale  Cross or be crossed 💀
I probably shouldn’t ask who is Joe
He crossed his last animal.
He must have taken it to new horizons.
Exactly 😂
Hahahaha shared head canons with a sibling can be so much fun and this one sounds excellent
Joe...uh...he...uh...is a Yeagerist   Lol jk. He is the last guy who tried to rob Tom Nook
Oh god, it's been 3 years and I still haven't paid off my final loan. Looks I might be seeing Joe soon 😔
trust me we have pages and pages of lore, you can ask me about reese and cyrus if you want...
Ooo, yes please
OKAY FINE I'LL PLAY POCKETCAMP, jeez....why y'all get the cool shit hahaha
Very Ravenclaw-esque :)
10 points to ravenclaw
Gorgeous!!!!?!!
LOVE
What is this outfit you have on it looks so cute
The brooms are so much better in Pocket Camp
Very clever! How did you make the stairs and loft ?
Ooh, I’ll cup of coffee, no cream or sugar. Looks like a nice to read.
Brewster would be proud of you.
i see stairs  i want
This is beautifully done! I'm starting to think I need an interior decorator 🤔
Give us the details on the stairs! Please!
You can check you  plot to see if the 'for sale" sign has change to sold or reserved to Rosie ?  As I remember, only campsite  or villagers in boxes from other islands mentioned about getting in touch with Residential service to check about your open plot.  If you meet any villagers on Nook miles island, they don't mention about checking with RS, because if you don't have an open plot, they would not appear for you to meet.
Usually once you invite them and they say yes, then it's done. I think what they talk about afterwards varies with the villager.
So as long as you have an empty spot for the villager  all you should need to do is talk to her a couple of times and i think the second conversation she 'll say something about wanting to live on an island which is where you can choose to invite her or not. Once you've done that and she accepts, you should be good! Villagers, i think, may or may not say something about talking to Toom Nook cant remember if they all do it every time. But yeah, as long as she accepts your invite, you should be good to go!   Congrats on finding your dream villager and welcome to AC!
The early pre-campsite plots work differently than the later ones. If you had the option to invite her, she'll show up after you furnish plot #2. A lot of the advice you're reading is for later plots, which work differently
I came back from the nook miles island after having invited her. The open slot hasn't changed in any way, I then put the Peppy items in and stuff, does it change after or something?
Thanksss and if its like that then I'm way more comfortable, I just really hopes she moves in
So I can just invite others and they will show up too?
Is this part of the three housing kits Tom Nook gave you ?  If so the first lot go to lazy personality, peppy then normal.  Each one will move in each day by that order, not by who did you invite first ?  If that's not the case, then I don't know what's wrong. For amiibo campsite, the for sale sign change after I came back talking to them on the 3rd invite, and after 3 time crafting stuff for them.
One per day until you reach 10.
Very cute!
Its good you know if you like the event. So its cute.
Let him in!
Boo!
Um... go through the wall.
I wish!!
Ahhh!
