https://twitter.com/Bluebeetlenews/status/1644419354493349888 Credit
I think the only inconsistent things are the adrenaline and the bullet proof armor.  I think the bullet proof armor is fine, it's established early on and it doesn't stretch my suspension of disbelief, but I think the adrenaline was a bit odd to pull out of nowhere.  I think his tech level is fine, I'm more interested to see him develop into a more stealthy character IMO.
ZSJL (not objectively the best but i liked it most) > TSS > Peacemaker > MOS > Wonder Woman > Shazam > Birds of Prey > Aquaman > BVS Ultimate > Shazam 2 > Black Adam > WW84 > Suicide Squad
Just curious… what other film posters do you have?
I agree with your top 4. But I’d switch WW with ZSJL. Also I’ve watched MoS countless of times it made Superman my favorite character and got me into comics. Then BvS UE solidified him as my favorite character. Then ZSJL proved even further why he’s the best character.
1. Zack Snyder's Justice League 2. Man of Steel 3. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 4. Wonder Woman 1984 5. Shazam! 6. Wonder Woman 7. Aquaman 8. Black Adam 9. The Suicide Squad 10. Suicide Squad 11. Birds of Prey 12. Peacemaker 13. Josstice League  The Suicide Squad and it’s adjacent media are my least favorite part of the DCeU (and any other DC media). It’s a shame a lot of it is probably gonna be 1:1 canon in the new DCU.
ok when tho
Wonderwoman 84 could been amazing with Cheeath instead Pedro Pascal being main villain. A stone that grant any wish,  he could wish Wonderwoman to never be born. Like seriously 🙄
BoP > Aquaman?  Huh, that's an option i have really seen. Why?
Star Wars, IT, Reservoir Dogs.
I feel like there's a ~2 hour cut of ZSJL that would make it at LEAST my #3, if not number 2.
84 ks in 4th place? I HAVE to hear why.
When will I watch Peacemaker?   Idk, im watching 'Psyche' rn. Maybe after that.
I think the action choreography is great, I quite like a lot of the performances, Black Mask is a ton of fun as the villain, and I think it's a well paced movie.   It's pretty much exactly what i was hoping Suicide Squad 1 would be based off the trailers for it. I still dig Aquaman don't get me wrong.
Excellent!
It was supposed to be a 2 part movie, but since it got released on HBO Max they just put it all together. Also there were scenes that WB didn’t let Snyder film so the film was going to be longer. Like one scene were Batman finds a parademon nesting area. It was to scary to put into the film.
^Hans ^Zimmer  Despite how idiotic the wishing stone was, breaking continuity with the Snyder films, Cheetah, and etc, I dug the tone the film was going for, Pedro Pascal, the stuff concerning Steve Trevor, and whatnot.  ^Hans ^Zimmer  The film should’ve just been set in the present day tbh. There’s no reason the story had to be set in 1984 and it would’ve eliminated all the continuity errors.  ^Hans ^Zimmer  I personally find this more fun to watch than the first film. The first film lost my attention after No Man’s Land  ^Hans ^Zimmer
no when did i ask
Choreography was great, I like how TSS sorta implies the Police shootout was actually really bloody.
This is false. ZSJL was never a 2 part film. JL Part 1 and Part 2 were **separate** films, not the same production. In fact what we call JL Part 2 was ACTUALLY JL2 and 3, which were initially one movie before Snyder wanted to separate them in late 2015 (Storyboards). JL Part 1 became JL became ZSJL. It was ALWAYS 1 movie, Part 2 was always a distinct sequel. ZSJL was never gonna be two parts, ZSJL was always Part 1 itself.  Secondly, at the time when the film was to have the Parademon Nest sequence, it also didn't have other scenes that would end up in ZSJL. Flash and Iris for example was not in the 2015 version, because Iris was not introduced until Rick Famuyiwa specifically cast her when he was hired Post-BvS. She was added to JL to build up Rick's Flash film, which didn't exist in 2015. Diana's Tomb Raider side plot was also not in the OG JL script, because (As evidenced by the JL2 storyboards, made AFTER the OG JL script), Menalippe herself left Themyscira to give Diana a message, there was no Arrow plot.  So really, it likely wouldn't have been longer, but just as long in different ways (e.g. more military and media involvement, more Superman resurrection stuff likely).
At the potluck yesterday, we were talking with Sharon about movies and you were like "azerits, how would you rank the dceu movies?"
Same reason some civilians call him a freak. Or why JJJ calls Spider-Man a menace.
iirc I saw an article about how its not a throwaway joke, and is a part of his characters arc and how he views superheros. He'll start very cynical, see BB's origins/probably have some heroic moments himself, and see exactly what being a hero is like, ending the film with more respect for them.
It's a cheesy way to try to signal the people that "Blue Beetle is in the same universe as the hero you guys all love and adore!" Same reason Shazam 2 had a shot of Batman in the trailer. Very crass, cynical and cheap strategy that backfires, because those characters have been left out of the DCEU for 6 years, and don't actually appear in these movies. It's sort of like when Ringo Starr would come out with an album in the 1970s and might slap a label on it saying John Lennon wrote one of the songs. It's discount store Beatles, or DC. We can't give you the real thing, but we can slap a sticker on it of Batman with a subtitle saying "Batman sold separately (subject to availability)!"
Spoilerz...LOL.
I mean, it's all speculation. The whole movie is probably just as predictable.
You should get the kittens to sign it. They'll probably be at a comic con soon peddling their Only fans pages.
Did Darla steal one of those kittens and take it home?
But what do you keep in yours?
Hmm maybe
Yeah she gave me the basket
Uhh definitely not a whole collection of dc/marvel based action figures that would be childish…
# ReleaseTheSandbergCut
Didn’t the original Shazam have alot of deleted scenes as well?
Definitely gonna have mary marvel getting drunk
Thanks for the news Chris. This is an ad I appreciate
Damn, that's a lot, wonder if these scenes could make the movie better
You've done it again WB.
Woah
Waiting for the blu ray
We get over 30 minutes for Shazam 2 but not any of the R rated action that was cut from BA?  ... What is Warner Bros?
I'd be interested to know how substantial those cuts are or if it was truly superfluous.
Hmmm interesting..
Hopefully not a load of Skittles ads!
Yep, 39 minutes of deleted/alternate scenes
What is BA
Black Adam
He also doesn't seem to care that people are leaking all the deleted scenes and special features from the Digital version of the movie that's on sale now. He's answering a lot of fans on Twitter if you scroll through his feed
Saw a couple of deleted scenes, some were pretty good, kinda wish they would release a extended cut, especially after hearing it has apparently 30 minutes of cut footage
David F. Sandberg has gotta be one of the nicest folks in the industry currently, he's got a genuine passion for his films and and equal passion for showing how they work behind the camera. I eagerly await to see what his next project will be and I'll be forever thankful for him and his team in making such a delightful duology, fingers crossed that one day it may even become a trilogy
David Sandberg is cool.
I love that David has more hate for Headless Superman than any of us.
31 minutes and 7 seconds worth of deleted scenes to be exact! https://www.reddit.com/r/DC\_Cinematic/comments/12f9emz/shazam\_2\_digitalbluray\_contains\_over\_31\_minutes/
Tbf, most movies have hours of stuff that gets deleted. I know in DC it's easy to think "deleted scenes = better longer cut", but a lot of times there's hours cut that's just terrible. See the 5 hour Assembly cut of Apocalypse Now for an example (It's a bootleg that floats around online). Hell, Star Wars Revenge of the Sith was 4 hours long at one point.  ... Actually I'd totally watch that.
Never underestimate the ability of WB to delete the most important scenes from their theatrical cuts. The problem seems to be the executives have the mindset of a "trailer company" when they're making the final cut. Put in all the jokes, loud noise and action, but take out all the "boring talking" and stuff.
I think the problem is that, on a fundamental script level, they didn't tie in character and plot, and with Shazam's light jokey tone, a 160 minute film would be tormenting (*cough* Wonder Woman 1984 *cough*). They could either cut a lot of the jokes, which would leave the film without much of a tone at all (It's not like there's a bunch of serious drama to replace it with, not to mention that some of the jokes are actually plot-relevant stuff that can't be cut), they could cut some of the plot which would create a cluttered mess, or they could cut the character moments.  The fact that those things are all separate enough to even be in that kind of situation is a failure on the script level. To take from Nolan's handbook, every scene needs to have 3 reasons to stay in the film. Looking at these scenes, they only have 1 or 2 reasons each. So it makes sense to cut them. The fact that such important character scenes still don't reach that threshold is a problem on the script level. Not the editing level, the script level.
yup. This is why I really can't blame Sandberg (and I don't want to). He did the best of the story that he was given, and knowing that this was a secondary script after a story treatment with Mr Mind didn't work (as per sources), I really can't blame him. He did the best with what he can. Cinematography, editing, action scenes was better than the first film in every way. The fact that the film only had a budget of like 120 million is an achievement by itself.
American infrastructure is actually that bad though
Yes American infrastructure is that awful.  There's a major interstate bridge in Lake Charles, LA that has an 'F' rating and is structurally insufficient and yet still is on the same list for replacement it was on twenty years ago.
american infrastructure??? wait till this guy hears about the twin tower's infrastructure
Belief can only be suspended so far.
You should write about the fast and furious movies and the MCU plotlines. You'll give those subs a stroke.
Don't tempt me, lol.
It has begun
you know milagro is his sister right lol not his friend
Hopefully, whoever is the comedic relief is actually funny because Katy was horrible in Shang-Chi. Shang was so bland too. His sister was more interesting than him.  Wenwu truly carried that story. The actor for Shang-Chi just didn't feel present in his own film. Visually that film was beautiful and it deserved better.
Well at least they chopped it in half the other way this time.
It’s odd, sure.
Yeah, so what. It's just a generic story structure of poor ordinary dude who one day gets superpowers.
It's an homage.
Marvel invented vallet scenes.
Thats hardly specific enough to call it a carbon copy💀💀💀
TFW when Safran and Gunn introduced their DCU slate by saying each movie was "like" some pre-existing TV show or movie. Hollywood used to be embarrassed to admit they were copying another studio's movie, now they brag about it.
Okay, no lie, I just got deja vu. I swear this exact same dumb thread was said like a year ago when set images poured in. I'm not crazy, right, this definitely happened before?  Either way, Shang-Chi invented neither the service industry nor bus' getting cut in half.
The grand old tradition of comics ripping each other off!
Trailer made it seem like she was his love interest.
Agree, Katy was so annoying and Shang Chi was boring. I can see Xolo having way more personality than Simu ,based on his past acting roles.
Nailed it. The two leads were supremely inadequate in Shang-Chi. Still baffled why people rank that among their favorite "phase 4" MCU films. It was one of the worst. Definitely miles worse than Black Widow, which had two really enjoyable lead performances. The Shang-Chi villain was the only decent performance in the film, but he wasn't in it nearly enough to save it.
I'd disagree on Shang himself. He was an underplayed performance, yes, but that's what I appreciate, he's far less of a quipster which is nice. And he was at least underplayed without being Captain Marvel "I have one expression the entire film". And I also kinda disagree on the sister being more interesting. Her performance to me was even more stoic and lifeless, and it doesn't help that the message behind her is so confused. Like I'm supposed to hate that she wasn't trained with the boys... but training the boys was already horrible physical and psychological abuse that nobody should go through, so what exactly am I supposed to think?  I mean, at least he's better than Iron Fist. The fact that Marvel made a decent martial arts hero after that fiasco is accomplishment enough for me.
his love interest is jenny who is literally in the trailer. definitely not his younger sister.
No it didn’t re watch it😂
Shang-Chi is paced better than Black Widow, infinitely more visually vibrant, has a much stronger villain, has much better action (Mainly cause Shang-Chi has actual fight choreography), doesn't absolutely butcher one of the coolest villains (What BW did to Taskmaster is like what X-Men Origins did to Deadpool. It's that bad), did actually try to be about its main lead (Whereas Natasha felt like a sidekick in her own movie), and at least Shang-Chi's over-the-top bland CG BS is intentionally meant to be fantasy stuff while Black Widow, which is trying to be a gritty spy thriller, has an ending that I swear is ripped from Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children with how anime BS it is.  There's also the fact that BW had so much more hype and potential. Natasha finally getting her own movie is obviously gonna be held to a higher standard than "Oh they made a movie about Marvel's other martial arts master".
more samples   https://twitter.com/TaurooAldebaran/status/1644497805434601474
As he’s being lifted off the ground he screams “släpp mig” which is Swedish for “let me go”.
I had posted this last month after the movie but got taken down 😬, I thought I was the only one to notice it.
Wow. Thank you for adding that. Interesting to know
Subtitles said 'Oh God! I'm slipping! Slipping!', though
If we want to get real pedantic about it, it’s Swedish for “release me”, but can absolutely be used (and is a better fit) to communicate “let me go” in the way it’s often used in English.   “Let me go” in Swedish would technically be “låt mig gå” (essentially a direct translation of the phrase) but that wouldn’t work as well in the context of being lifted off the ground and wanting to be released.
The director of the Shazam movies is on Reddit quite often. I found that out because he answered someone on a post a couple weeks ago.
Zatanna, Lois, Wonder Woman... I don't really care as long as she's still in these movies. She's great.
s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-saaaaay it with me kids!  SIMP-CASTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Simp
Honestly, I hope Gunn keeps Grace over in his new DC Universe, and yes, it's mainly because I'm a simp.
It would just confuse people. There are thousands of actresses they could go for, I’m sure it’ll be an interest pick
Zatanna
Beautiful girl. Doesn't feel like a Lois at all. Lois should not be THAT glamorous.
You just think she’s hot
You're just horny bro, go home
Should've said shazamily
Damn just beautiful
She'll be too old for Superman lol.
She not the worst choice, that Megan Fox, but she’s in that ballpark
Yes. I could totally see her in the role!
Horny nerds fan casting her for every brunette DC character.
I agree but I think zatanna is a better option imo
I never saw the movie, but she's super hot so I'm okay with it
I think she can be the new WW if Gadot isn’t coming back in DCU
Zatanna would be my pick or she would make a great Donna Troy.
She was really good in the movie Fall. Just waiting for her to get that big breakout role.
Zatanna.  I was about to say this.
I vote Zatanna.
Her acting ain't nothing to write home about
SIMP CASTING SIMP CASTING SIMP CASTING
True
But half the JL being 2017 actors and half being new actors won't confuse them. 🤔
Tbf there are rumors of Jason Momoa playing Lobo
Early 20s guy into late 20s woman is not weird lol
Margot Kidder was older than Christopher Reeve, Teri Hatcher was older than Dean Cain, and Amy Adams was older than Henry Cavill.
Clark loves his mommy gfs
Lois is a few years older than Clark in the comics
Can we just get zatanna.  Like it's all I want!
Fall was way better than it had any right to be. An interesting thriller I enjoyed quite a bit. Worth checking out.
She was awesome in Fall
What does that even mean
The late 20s woman being into the early 20s guy is weird though.
Yeah that was a joke.
Sick. Sick. You're really sick. 🤣
I loved Fall. I hope her career reaches new heights.
Sorry for not realizing that.
All good mate...not one of my finest ones.
It was gold, Jerry! Gold!
I genuinely thought this was like official stuff. Nice one here!
Hey that’s amazing, u selling them?
Did you paint it or does it come looking like it was repainted?
Thanks so much!!
Sure why not!! Dm me for details!
I 3D printed and painted this myself
Sorry I missed the fan made tag. Thought it was a legit item but repainted or something! Nice job.
THANK YOU SOO MUCH!!!
I think the League would have some choice words for KKKanye.
Gal's face is so bad
The music would be great, just lose the lyrics
Lmao yeah I guess they would
Nah, I think its good as is. I did take Kanye's part out tho cause I felt like it was overkill.
Wonder woman 1. Saw it yesterday again and damn what a beautiful movie it was and Gal was so good it felt like there is another actress in WW84. Patty really screw this one. No man's land, the fight with ares, the fight with the German soldiers, the opening and the death of steve are all such fierce moments!   Second place in tie are the batman and TSS
The Batman
Still haven't experienced anything like man of steel. The batman hit all the right spots too though.
Ngl, I lowkey liked Aquaman. I would say The Batman too, but it ran a bit too long for me.
Man of Steel
I really did enjoy ZSJL ….
Im one of those BVS weirdos. Glad we're moving on from that time in the DC universe,  but I do love that movie.
TSS, easily
BvS
Wonder Woman 2017. It's my fav superhero movie in general so far.
Man of Steel.
Man of Steel and The Suicide Squad
The Suicide Squad
The Suicide Squad
Man of Steel, I love TDZ kind of fight scenes. They are super cool and Zod is the best Villian in DCEU. There are no such cool scene in any superhero movies nowadays.
The Suicide Squad
BvS or the batman
The Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
The first Wonder Woman by far, it's not even close for me.
Joker
Joker then man of steel 100%
That’s a cool collection
Zack Snyder’s Justice League
The joker
ZSJL
ZSJL
ZSJL.
Wonder Woman 1
Aquaman, for sure
Aquaman
Batman vs Superman ultimate edition  Man of Steel Black Adam  I hope the flash takes the top spot
Any one that Henry Cavill is in.
Joker by far
I fully don’t understand how I’ve seen ZSJL 3x but it took me 4 nights to get through The Batman.   I just couldn’t seem to care about Robert Pattinsons Batman, or any character in it. Did appreciate the cinematography though.
Zach Snyders Justice League was amazing to me.  I just re-watched Batman v Superman and I was very entertained. I thought to myself: “Why did I have a problem with this movie years ago?”
Man of Steel  Close 2nd Snyder Justice League
Joker by a longshot. That movie is phenomenal. Can't wait for Joker 2. The suicide squad is a close second
Joker and, hopefully, Swamp Thing in the future.
Joker
Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice - Ultimate Edition
ZSJL, The Suicide Squad, Man of Steel, Wonder Woman  Shazam 1 gets a very special shout-out.
Zach Snyder's Justice League for me
Batman v Superman: Ultimate Edition is pretty much the perfect comic book movie, in my opinion.
Same as my favorite movie overall, Man of Steel.
Bvs
Interesting to see so much love for suicide squad, personally I think it’s one of the worst here.   The Batman or Joker have my vote. Felt like the dark noir that love in DC.
The suicide squad easily. Not even close for me. The batman is second out of the ones in the photo, but I guess it doesn't count as DCU. Next favourite in the DCU is wonder woman or the original suicide squad (yes I'm one of the weirdos who liked it 😂)
Man of Steel
ZSJL easily
Aquaman
Shazam and it’s not close
Wonder Woman!
Man of Steel, Batman V Superman or Zack Snyder’s Justice League. Depends on my mood and but these three are on the same tier for me personally
ZSJL. I have good memories of watching this in 2021 and being excited thinking we were gonna get JL2 and 3.
Man of steel
Zack Snyder’s Justice League. Really wish that had kept going.
WW84
Man Of Steel and its not particularly close  Shazam, Wonder Woman, and ZS TJL are also pretty good
Snyder Cut
Out of these, joker was my favorite.
My favorites are Zack Snyder’s Justice League and Batman v. Superman Ultimate Edition.
Black Adam, rare opinion. I enjoyed the Birds of Prey film the first time but after reading the comics it’s a real slap in the face. Huntress is my favorite DC character so not seeing the comic suit til the end hurt regardless
Superman the Movie
3) Wonder Woman  2) The Suicide Squad  1) BvS
MOS+BvS(minus third act)
Man of steel
Bvs ofc
BvS
A lot of apples and oranges here, the first WW, The Batman, Joker and ZS's Justice League are all favorites but too different for me to say I like one more than another.
Man Of Steel
man of steel
Man of Steel
Wonder woman
MoS and BvS are tied for me.
Man of Steel. I was on a high coming out of that. I found it stirring. DC finally seemed like it had a future. And here we are rebooting a relative short time later.
Honestly, I enjoyed Black Adam, Man of Steel and Snyder’s JL. Shazam was good and so was The Batman.
Only 4 of these movies I’d want to ever watch again   I’m leaning towards Joker as my favorite though
Lego Batman…. Not sure if it counts. lol
WW84
The Batman and joker combo
As a DC fan… all Of them , yes including Birds of prey. If another Director can deliver better then that’s great, but since this is what we have…
Ultimate edition of BvS.
Man of steel easy
BvS ultimate edition.
I’d have to go with Zak Snyder’s Cut of the Justice League. That movie is epic superhero goodness. And they don’t make my beloved and favorite superhero, Superman, a tool like in Whedon’s atrocity.
B.V.S.
Birds of Prey
My top 3 favorites 1. Man of Steel 2. ZSJL 3. Joker
1. Man of Steel 2. BvS  3. ZSJL  By a pretty big margin
The Batman (2022). Absolutely loved how dark it was. Also felt pretty realistic, as far as this genre goes. Excited for the sequel. Matt Reeves has my attention and I hope he doesn’t lose it.
Spider-Man
ZSJL by a mile. Shazam series was quality, though
The Batman. By a pretty a big margin as well.
ZSJL
Yo these steelbooks rock where’d you get them
Can I pick from animated or just live action movies ? Favorite live Action.the first Wonder Woman . Favorite Animated Superman and Batman Public Enemies
We haven’t got a DCU movie yet
Damn Bro you a real one
If it has to be what's in the pic, then Man of Steel, but my actual favorite is The Dark Knight
josstice league the snyder cut, i liked them both so much and have seen each countless times when zacks came out i stopped watching the first and could care less its so long lol i like the goofy moments in the first but definitely appreciate the differences made
Kazam
Either the Snyder cut or joker. I can’t choose between the two
This is the DCEU.
Bvs
"I wish there was a place that would stream all these movies"   😉
Is the bonus scene in WW the one of Etta talking about the mother boxes?
The Batman
The Batman.  (It’s not really like we have an amazing lineup to choose amongst)
The Batman. Far behind is TSS.
Twilight Batman. All jokes aside Robert Pattinson killed it as a newbie Batman starting out. Focusing more on his life as Batman rather than Bruce Wayne showing the effects of his choices with his mentality and social standing
The Batman. My favorite DC movie by far.
spiderman 2 is my fav
For me it has to be Swamp Thing 2 The Return of Swamp Thing.
The Suicide Squad.
WW84.       Just kidding!!!
The Suicide Squad. A perfect film in my opinion
The batman
BvS
The Suicide Squad (2021 aka The Good One)  I love the gore and humor of this, and the emotional core of film. I absolutely love that these characters just get to vibe in parts of the movie and it doesn’t really have a lull despite this and I respect how it kills/writes out most of the cast by the end of the movie.
The Suicide Squad 2021
Shazam
I’ve never seen any of these covers, Snyder trilogy all day. Best being zsjl>mos>bvs
Based on the mixture of universes here I’m gonna assume any live action is allowed and say Green Lantern
Birds of Prey, just missing Babs
The Batman
Out of the ones in the picture it’s gotta be The Suicide Squad. The Batman is a close 2nd though.
The Batman, Shazam, The Suicide squad
Wonder Woman
Joker
Batman Begins
Favorite movie experience - *Aquaman*  Favorite movie - *The Suicide Squad*
shazam
The snyder's trilogy, nothing to add.
MoS, BvS, ZSJL > everything else
MoS
Joker and Batman by far
THE Suicide Squad, After that Shazam
Man of Steel, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Zack Snyder’s Justice League
Counting elseworlds The Batman not counting it’s The Suicide Squad
The Suicide Squad
Wonder Woman and the first suicide squad. Ngl I hated ben Afflecks Batman every scene with him seemed boring and pointless.
Joker or The suicide squad
The Suicide Squad (2021)
The Batman
BvS - MoS are great.      Shazam - Shazam 2 - BoP - ZSJL are fun to watch once in a while.      Suicide Squad 1&2 - WW is a one-time watch.      Joker is in a league of its own. It's more parallel cinema.      WW84, Black Adam and Aquaman are the bad ones for me on this list.      Did not like Batman.
The Suicide squad easily , and possibly my favorite dc movie overall. Long love starro
The Batman and the Joker blow everything else out of the water, but Snyder’s Justice League was great despite needing 4 hours of runtime. The cast, music, and effects put it above most the other ones
The Batman was amazing
Either The Batman or The Suicide Squad.
the suicide squad
ZSJL or Constantine
The joker for first time watch. The batman for rewatching.
Aquaman or The Batman
It’s varies between TSS, The Batman, and Joker, WW, MOS, ZSJL are runner ups tho
I like all the Snyder stuff, the batman, the suicide squad
Dark knight
Tie between “The Batman” & “Joker” both phenomenal movies
The Batman and Shazam
1. Birds of Prey 2. Aquaman / Black Adam 3. ZSJL 4. The Batman / Joker 5. Suicide Squad / The Suicide Squad
The Suicide Squad
In that group? The Batman 100%
The Joker, The Batman, Man of Steel
Either the Batman or the Snyder cut
The Batman followed very closely by The Suicide Squad
The Batman hands down
Wonder Woman  The Batman  Shazam  The Suicide Squad  Joker  Man of Steel  I even liked Fury of the Gods
The Batman doesn’t even feel like a DCU movie. Like under the umbrella of DC movies, sure, but not the franchise that started with Snyder. It’s just leaps and bounds better.  But Wonder Woman has always been my favorite.
The suicide squad and the Batman tied for #1 for me, TSS is just a blast and has great rewatchability, the Batman is awesome but doesn’t have the same rewatchability so for me those movies are tied in my top spot.
The Batman, Joker, and The Suicide Squad. I adore those three, and aside from Nolan’s trilogy, DC movies usually leave me feeling unenthused.
Gonna be honest 2 underrated films that I enjoy batman forever and superman 3.  the third films in series are always underrated idk why?
The Suicide Squad, no doubt
The Batman & The Suicide Squad… 1’s a masterpiece & the other is just a good time…
The suicide squad and joker are the only 2 good movies on this list
Shazam
The suicide squad or ww1
Pretty sure the only DCU movie out right now is The Batman (at least based on the Chapter 1 slate), everything else is DCEU
Batman v Superman
The Suicide Squad
In this order. The Batman. Joker. Wonder Woman. The Suicide squad. Shazam. Shazam 2. Then throw the rest in the fucking trash. I hate that I have to say that as a MASSIVE Superman fan, absolutely none of these movies beyond those and MAYBE Aquaman are worth the time it takes to watch.
The Batman isn’t technically DCEU, but it’s hands down, objectively the best *movie* of the bunch. Not trying to say it should be anyone’s best, favourite, personal pick, etc. but it’s easily the best film. It is my personal favourite of the lot!  But if we set that aside, it’s gotta be Wonder Woman for me, though Aquaman is easily a guilty pleasure movie for me. I can put it in and just vibe with it in the background literally anytime. Love Tem, love seeing Jason have such great chemistry with him. I need them to do other stuff together!
The Batman.
Nolan’s trilogy was epic. Joker and The Batman were awesome.. Man of Steel was cool and I found Shazam 1 extremely entertaining and with feel good vibes - everything else they’ve made has been.. honestly.. kinda dog shit. I do genuinely feel that DC should stick more to and push animated movies - that’s where they excel
The Suicide Squad and it's not even close. DC was better before they tried to copy Marvel with ZS at the helm.
The suicide squad, the second one.   The only good DCEU movie.
Let me just scream this from the mountaintops real quick  THE. BATMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
Wow, didn't realize how bad most of them were until they were all laid out together.  Mostly garbage going on, so I'd have to say *Joker*.  By default.
The Batman.  Joker. Aquaman.  The Suicide Squad. Shazam. Zack Snyder's Justice League.
that ww84 must have been a hard purchase
Robert Battinson
[thats bait](https://youtu.be/ThJcHjCI9j4)
All the ones that start with The
Anyone who answers WW84 is lying or hasn’t seen it
Joker and the batman
Is that really the cover for Wonder Woman? Looks weird as hell...
I see two copies of man of steel, is there a different cut or what?
The last one.
Of these? Shazam
1.	Joker 2.	 The Batman   DCU will be a lot better 👍
Love ww1,the suicide squad, man of steel, the Batman, ZS Justice League
If the Batman counts, then the Batman.  DCEU would be ZSJL.
The Batman followed by Joker, then MOS, lastly first WW
Of the movies presented, my favorite is *The Suicide Squad*, very closely followed by *The Batman.*  Studio meddling relegate *Wonder Woman* and *Birds of Prey* to being runners-up.  I've only watched *ZSJL* once.  If it hadn't been so self-indulgent, it would definitely rate higher.  Seriously - it's 4h 2m; probably 30 minutes or more could have been edited out.  Still, it was pretty good.  *Man of Steel* was alright.  I think that there should have been a sequel before anything like Batman v Superman was even considered.  The action was cool, which I still enjoy watching, and I am definitely looking forward to more Zod in *The Flash*, but I think its saving grace was its soundtrack.  I feel like, after *Man of Steel* and until *The Batman*, that the DCEU more-or-less gave up on original music.  *Joker* was also alright.  Same as *ZSJL*, I've only watched it once.  It was interesting.  Under the guise of being a supervillain origin story, it focused a lot on abuse, bullying, mental illness, social welfare, and social inequality.  I am very interested in how the sequel will follow it; I've avoided reading anything about it.  *Batman v Superman* and *Suicide Squad* are two of the most spectacular misfires that I have ever seen.  Regarding the former, yes, I have also watched the Ultimate Edition.  In my opinion, the movie just really didn't provide any compelling reason to care about Superman, and Lex Luthor, Jr. was poorly portrayed.  (I watched *Man of Steel* after watching *Batman v Superman* in theater.)  Regarding the latter, wow, the studio butchered it, and what was up with the Joker?  Still, I'm interested in seeing the "Ayer Cut," good or bad.  Regarding the others, I either don't care enough to comment further (*Aquaman* and *Shazam*) or I haven't watched them (*Black Adam* and *Wonder Woman 1984*).
Black Adam   Can't understand why it's hated till now, the story was unique for me, great action and perfect Cinematography
The suicide squad easy
The Batman  Joker   Snyder Cut  WW1  The Suicide Squad
Man of Steel
The difficult thing is that while these are all DC, there are technically four current separate live action versions of the DC cinematic universe: the DCEU, the separated “Snyder Cut” version of DCEU, Joaquin Phoenix’s “The Joker” universe, and Robert Pattinson’s “The Batman” universe. Technically, only the first of these has been a running franchise as of yet, with the Snyder Cut being the equivalent of a mega “What If…?” episode.   Looking at the ones belonging to the DCEU, I have to pick James’s take on The Suicide Squad. The core cast are all great and suit their roles well, it connects to the previous DCEU stuff without needing any of it to enjoy if you are a newcomer. It leans into the same thing Deadpool does in that the film is allowed to be gorey but jokey, and character development is balanced in with this humour.   It also felt like Gunn’s Suicide Squad focussed on characters who would play off of each other well, rather than Ayer’s Suicide Squad which was just filled with whoever they thought would fill the cinema. That’s not to say the character’s in Ayers were terrible, but seriously, there was almost ZERO reason for Killer Croc to be there other than to try and hook Batman fanatics.  There is also the element of action scenes. I feel like CinemaSins put it excellently that if Hollywood wants to do fight scenes, they should just hire Margot Robbie, who once again was a standout as Harley.  I will admit though, I have missed some of the other more recent films like WW84 and Black Adam, so maybe they would compete in my personal rankings. But I have my doubts that they will TOP The Suicide Squad
Gotta be the batman
Batman Under the Hood
The Batman, joker both ww, and the suicide squad. Oh and I enjoy the Snyder cut
This image is the first time I noticed the question mark in the design of The Batman’s cover. Was it like that on posters as well?
Is no one going to mention these crazy covers variants?
BvS-UE and MoS
Joker.....Watched it in theatre absolute masterpiece. Me and my friends were awestruck.
None of them only the animated ones
Joker and The Batman, i'm waiting for their sequels, probably the only two DC movies i'm interested to see
Batman v Superman
The first Wonder Woman for me honestly.  Side note: I've been trying to get that BoP steelbook for the longest and I'm getting ready to go to ebay to test my luck.  Edit: Good lord, steelbooks for that movie are quite pricey there.
BvS Ultimate will always be a masterpiece for me, no matter what people can say about it or the length of the movie I watched it many times and I will do it again.
Zack snyders trilogy and WW 1918
The Batman With Robert Pattinson, I didn’t have particularly high hopes, that would would be able to deliver any kind of Batman let alone one that Fantastic I also loved the Darker, more detective movie style of Story Matt Reeve is a genius, director choice.
The Batman
The Suicide Squad.
The Batman, MOS and BvS
Man of Steel
Is there a lore reason behind The Batman and joker being in the picture along with two different copies of man of steel is op stupid?
Wonder Woman. Then THE suicide Squad then the flash.
DCU: The Suicide Squad  Elseworlds: Joker
Snyder Cut  I know everyone wants to shit on Zack Snyder, as it appears to be a pastime for many, but the guy had a decent vision. Obviously, I don't agree with every decision he made, but his four hour film is infinitely better than that 2017 Frankenstein abomination.
The Ares stuff at the end wasn't great but overall a delightful movie. It's the only superhero movie I made my daughter watch with me. She was 8 and a little scared but she was amazed by WW.
omg i just realised thats here! lmao
It isn’t DCEU, but it is the best of the Blu Ray cases on display
Agree 100%
The Batman definitely feels like it ends twice
I liked The Batman. But yeah, it's long. First time watching I'm like, 'they got to be wrapping this up soon... Oh, there's another hour'
That’s not DCU
Same
Same
This
Yup
It was literally like a superhero opera.  I know there is a division in the fanbase, but this movie went hard on a different level.
Same here, I'm so glad it got made in the end. Wish I could have seen it in the cinemas
Ultimate edition is truly a different movie. I can’t believe they released the initial version the way they did. Such a disservice
I freaking love that movie. It just feels so epic and on a different level than other comic book movies
How does that make you a weirdo? BVS is fucking awesome lol
You’re not a weirdo lol. A lot of people love that movie.
Same
I cant beleve they showed the whole movie in the trailer, and i cant beleve they did that Martha thing, and i cant beleve they jesse eisenberg as Lex Luthor, everything else was awesome tho
Agree - actually really love this movie. And it should demonstrate to everyone that Gunn is a master at telling character stories with some heart. We’re in for some not just fun movies under his leadership, but some great character stories.
Close second!
Finally someone mentions BOP.
Had to scroll way too far to see this.  This and The Batman are by far the best of the bunch.
Thanks!
>I thought to myself: “Why did I have a problem with this movie years ago?”  It's sad that WB is missing how much its reputation, and that of Zack's work in general, is being reevaluated and rehabilitated. People just followed along the bouncing ball with what the critics said at the time. But it suffered from the same kind of attacks movies like Blade Runner and The Thing did. "It's not fun like Star Wars, it's not a feel-good alien encounter like E.T., it's not a bright, shiny, humorous romp like Avengers!" They mistook the movie being dark and moody for being bad. Movies like that grow in esteem over time.
Problem was WB and how they promoted it. All the promotion looks like it some huge Superman vs Batman battle... But it's actually more than that and it actually a tiny portion of a big picture. Cutting half hours of plot didn't do good either.
Want to clarify I don’t count Joker or The Batman to be part of the DCU despite their inclusion in the picture. They are the equivalent to elseworld movies
Finally someone said it
Sinbad's performance was on point.
\*Blue Beetle
Points for originality.
They are the best buy steelbooks
How about Canary?
Great movie, but you’ve misread the question.
Shazam 2 lol. Especially over MOS, BvS and zsjl????
Snyder was radically different from Marvel. TSS was a blatant Marvel copy.
It was but needed to have it in the collection.
Best buy steelbook
Looks like some kind of variant cover. Definitely not the main one. Most of them here actually seem to be variants
Just two different artworks for it.
Wasn’t Ares a later addition, or am I remembering it wrong? I think originally Diana just had to confront that it was man itself choosing the violence, but the studio wanted a bad guy.  Cause I agree!!! I loved all of it, except the Ares bit was a bit eh.
this is the exact reason Zack Snyder’s Justice League is the shittiest movie ever.  4 fucking hours??? are you KIDDING me.  didn’t notice any length issue with The Batman but i’m genuinely surprised to see ZSJL regarded as anything but a waste of time
None of these are DCU, it hasn't kicked off yet. These are all DCEU
Yeah. It will undoubtedly stand the test of time. Since it came out, I’ve had like 5 weekends free to myself where I could stay up late and watch a four hour movie. I’ve watched it three times.
Facts.
No doubt, Gunn is really really good at injecting his movies with alot of emotion and heart. Stuff like yondu’s death and funeral are imo some of the best and hardest hitting moments in the entire MCU. I’m ready for him to tear my heart out with gotg3, all his superhero projects have tons of heart and a lot of depth to them. Rick flag’s death and final line is easily one of the best moments in the DCEU and I love how he expanded on that and how it impacted peacemaker in his show, I honestly think “peacemaker, what a joke” is my favorite DCEU line
Great buys bro, glad you got them all.
Honoring the original material by having the Canary mantle as a mother-daughter dynasty but then updating it by having the first Canary die based on Gotham police ineptitude? Phenomenal. Borrowing from the contemporary Black Canary comics & making Dinah a fucking rockstar? Stunning.  Loved her, hope we eventually get to expand on her to include Wildcat training her & maybe even time with Ollie. And of course I want to see the rest of the team in their roles: Montoya as the Question, Cass trained up as Robin (tho she'll never be the comic book Cass & we all just have to accept that), Huntress's cross ab window... Hopefully BoP HQ will be remembered as a soft launch for Birds of Prey and Gotham City Sirens.
In regards to OP’s question, the pictured films outside of The Batman (elseworlds) are all DCEU; but the DCU is the DCEU as well as elseworlds which also includes TTG and Superman and Lois among others.  Based on how DCU has been defined by Gunn and what’s included as Elseworlds, then Batman Begins is DCU since the Nolanverse would be an elseworlds contained story set within the grander DCU
Gonna disagree. Snyder/DC tried to copy but speedrun the connected universe with a gritty but meaningless tone, and the projects he was attached to were mid to bad. TSS was very much a James Gunn film, but it was way more fun than anything Marvel would let him do with Guardians.
respect and condolences
That’s the same thing. Now you’re being overly technical. They take place in the same universe
More like DC Pee Yew
Thanks, love having them in the collection.
No? The DCU is an upcoming reboot, replacing anything set in the DCEU. Those movies will mostly be considered null and void in terms of continuity.
Ha, goteem!
Haha, this whole post was just a humble brag for your collection.
Most will not all meaning the same universe is in play. It’s also meant to be reset by the flash a dceu movie. Same thing different coat of paint by a new artist You corrected me for no good reason I’m saying
Semantics I guess, but still, all the movies shown are DCEU and upcoming films will be DCU. It's not "no good reason", it's just facts. If they replace or restart continuity, it's a whole different entity, whether they bring back some actors or not
I think Mad Hatter does deserve a shoutout, he’s a very old Batman villain who’s never had live action. Ofc it might be tough to use him since his whole thing is using mind control to be a literature themed pedophile lmao
If I hadn't already seen amazing versions of Strange and Hatter in Gotham or Jason in Titans, I would have said them.  With those desires already being met in live action at such a high bar, my answer now is Clayface. Whether it be his early origin or his horrific clay form, there's a ton you can do there.
- My Choice: Phantasm - Reasoning: If Brave and the Bold will truly be a Family Dynamic movie what better candidate for a villain than your murderous Ex
Magpie
Court of owls. I loved them in Batman vs Robin (animation movie).
Clayface has always been my favorite villian who gets overlooked too much, so much potential.
Really? Red Hood and the Court are the most voted?  Lol.
Ive always wanted clay face. He’s not even one of my favorite Batman villains, but It’s astounding that they’ve never used him
I don’t think Jason Todd will be in the Matt Reeves movies, so the DCU might be his chance to shine
Hugo mf Strange
The Ventriloquist played by John Hodgeman
Jason Todd is my favorite DC character so I really hope he appears
Red Hood should appear later, when Batman is well established in the Universe. So court of owl makes more sense here!
Man-Bat also.
He did appear in Gotham and I would say that it was a pretty good portrayal, albeit still not in a movie
If Magpie appeared in a live-action movie her powers and presence would probably be similar to Lady Deathstrike
I said Phantasm
He also appeared in the 1966 Batman show, however that version of him was based on the version from the comics at the time, and in those comics he was an imposter who stole Jervis’s name and identity and was obsessed with hats.
I love his visuals and art style, but the storyline after Man of Steel was so rushed.
Man, this movie was just beautiful.
I rewatched the movie and I felt like there was a scene missing. I seem to remember a flashback of a big battle with a green lantern and a hawk man and stuff but I didn’t see it when I rewatched it.
Even as a guy who really hates his superman and Batman I can say the snyder cut is so sick
Snyders comicbook movies are the best ones. You see the heart and soul he puts into the films. He cares for each and every character. MoS got me into comics and made Superman my favorite character. Then BvS solidified him as my favorite. ZSJL solidified it even more.   The scenes with Superman in Mos, BvS, and ZSJL are the best ones. One of my favorites scenes he did with Superman was in ZSJL, when Clark and Lois are on the farm. That entire sequence is PEAK Superman. When he reunites with his mom it’s emotional.
I still don’t understand why some people have such little empathy for him.  He literally lost his daughter, and you still find people on Reddit whining about he didn’t care about the characters  Edit:  a lot of people do empathize, and that’s nice.  I was just making this comment due to my experiences in other subs, where people are annoyed by the fact that he’s still working.  I’m sorry I generalized
Take Cinematography out of his movies and what do you have?  “Nothing”
What was rushed? It was done perfectly when you think about it.  Do we have to wait 10 years and watch 25 films for a story to climax?  Too many people have been trained by Disney market research analysts to expect 25 films to tell an overarching story. Stop and think for a moment.   We watched lord of the rings in 3 films. Was there a film about boromir? Was there a boromir trilogy needed for you to feel sad he dies? Was there a gandalf solo movie? Would it be good to see a gandalf origin story?  Stop being so brainwashed. Having dawn of justice after man of steel is good. The intro to bvs explains a lot and continues so perfectly after man of steel. We had just come off the nolan trilogy so really did not need yet another batman origin story. In BvS batman is mature, and bitter. That is it. No origin needed. Just reveal bits of his personality in BvS as was done many times.
WB want a JL movie asap. So even if not snyder, anyone who take the job would still need to deliver JL asap
It was in no way rushed. ALL superhero movies tell compressed story lines. Captain America died, that is, froze, at the end of his first movie. In the comics, he fought in the war for years. In the movies, dead after one adventure. That's how movies go. BVS directly followed up on the events of Man of Steel, the Black Zero event, the disaster in the city, the government's interest in Superman. It flowed naturally. Didn't feel rushed in the slightest to me.  And in no way did I want or the audience need Batman to start all over again with his origin. We NEED to have a hero start out older IF we're EVER going to see a story about an older superhero. These franchises simply don't last long enough to get there when you start with them young. And modern superhero movie fans have been waiting 40 years to see stories centered around the later life of a hero. If they start a hero out young now, those of us who've been watching since the 1980s will be dead before they can ever tell the "old hero" stories. Assuming some creeper doesn't step in and reboot everything first to satisfy his ego.
If I can speak as a Snyderverse fan, no it was not rushed. HOWEVER, I think Snyder should've made this a trilogy and not a 5 film arc. Especially when it was clear from everyone outside and inside when JL was being filmed, the writing on the wall was there saying he was lucky going from BvS to JL despite what WB did, but he was not gonna be lucky a second time. I could see JL being rewritten to conclude their story from MOS, dunno if it was possible to rewrite enough of JL during filming (then again, look at Whedon). But even when Snyder did an extra scene for ZSJL, I think he should've done the time travel scene he shared from the 2019 Snydercon and use that to end the movie with the Knightmare future fading to white saying its the end. But thats me.
Sam Raimi, James Gunn, and the Russos make good ones too
It’s possible to have split feelings on the person and the artist.  Snyder as a person appears to be fucking awesome. Everyone who’s ever worked with him love the guy to death and his willingness to wear his heart on his sleeve with his art is admirable. I also completely agree that WB did him dirty.  Snyder as an artist… look, it’s been beaten to death and there’s no point rehashing. Suffice to say it’s different than how I view him as a person.
Thats not what I’ve read from the majority of people who feel that way, myself included. You’re acting like there’s no in-between. It is absolutely possible for people to not like Snyder’s DC vision while also empathizing with him and his family for the loss they endured.
Synder as a director and cinematographer is awesome! But he’s a terrible terrible writer and doesn’t understand comic characters at all! He literally butchered Batman and Superman, Lex Luthor is, I don’t even have a word for what he did to Lex Luthor
LotR is a terrible example, as the source material is 3 books. You don't need 20 movies, but there were 5 movies before the first Avengers, and none of them were crossovers like BvS, so a film or two between each of the Snyderverse ones probably would have helped.  Also, I actually think coming off the Nolan trilogy hurt Batfleck a lot. Bale's Batman, and the Nolanverse in general, were so popular amongst the GA that having such a radically different Batman without context (remember, GA are mostly not hardcore fans) threw a lot of them off. Batfleck is my favorite live-action Batman, but I will always maintain that while a solo movie before BvS might not have been absolutely *necessary*, it would have definitely helped the character and the movie to be more accepted by audiences and critics, and would probably have made the franchise more money to boot.
one word, MARTHA!!!!
They would have done JL from George Miller as a fully standalone movie in the 2000s if not for a writer's strike, I believe.
Oh please doing Death of Superman, The Dark Knight Returns, giving Wonder Woman a role, and serving as an introduction to like 3 other justice league members in the second movie of your cinematic universe is the definition of rushed
Yeah. Let's compare The Death of Superman storyline as the second movie to Steve Rogers being frozen in ice at the end of his first movie, which is just his origin story. I knew you were obtuse, but you gotta be trolling at this point.
I'm a huge Snyderverse fan, but it definitely seemed a little rushed to me. I'm not saying we needed a 20 movie buildup, but there was definitely room for at least one movie between MoS and BvS and probably a couple between BvS and JL. They wouldn't have to be origin stories; Batman could have been introduced in a solo movie before BvS as a veteran Batman, but would still set up the character and the world for the crossovers. I think the franchise would have been far more palatable to general audiences (remember, they're not all hardcore fans like us) and would have performed better critically and financially had they paced the character intros and worldbuilding a bit slower. Also, with a couple more movies to play with, each movie wouldn't have to be super long (which doesn't bother me, but a lot of less die-hard people aren't going to watch a 3-hour director's cut just to get the correct version of the movie, especially when the theatrical cut turned them off).
Raimi, \*Nolan and Russos.
Precisely my view. I may not enjoy his works much, especially his comic book stuff, but I have no gripes with Snyder as a person. How could I? I’ve never even met him or heard of any awful deeds on his part.
If you don't think he understood Superman and Batman, then YOU don't understand them. I've been reading and watching Superman and Batman for 40 years. He understood them perfectly and to their very core. Also, he doesn't write his own movies. Nolan, Goyer and/or Terrio wrote MOS, BVS and/or ZSJL. Lex was simply a modern idea of a billionaire industrialist, no different than when Byrne rebooted Luthor in 1986 and turned him into a Trump/Turner like billionaire.
Iron Man 2 was indeed a crossover between two Avengers, Iron Man and Black Widow. Also had War Machine in it. Nobody claimed that one rushed the intro of Black Widow or War Machine. 🤷‍♂️ They only complained it took too long before they swung back to give Widow a solo movie. Marvel got away constantly with introducing new characters as side parts in other heroes' movies. Somehow Snyder was not allowed to do this. Baffling.  Rebooting Batman was definitely a weight on BVS' neck, as all rebooted characters tend to suffer from. But a Batfleck solo film would've taken the same hit, similar to the one Batman Begins did. You might be helping BVS at the expense of getting a weak gross on the Batfleck solo film. WB might've just cancelled BVS if Batfleck's movie underperformed, given their chicken-with-head-cut-off reaction to BVS not making a billion.
That’s just poor writing, It was not because WB rushed Synder. In fact, Synder actually wanted Batman and Superman to be Stepbros, literally WTF?? Why WB never fired Synder any sooner is just beyond me
WB want a JL movie asap. Even if not snyder, anyone who took the role would be pressured to deliver JL asap. Chris terrio even mentioned how WB already fixed the movie release order when he is brought onto the dceu. The flash and aquaman must be after justice league for example. So even if not snyder, who ever take the job would need to have cameo for the other JL members in some way even if not bvs.
They didn't do The Dark Knight Returns. That is an entirely different story about a showdown with Joker. The MCU killed Spider-Man after he only got one solo movie. The MCU introduced Black Widow in the 2nd Iron Man movie as a side character. Snyder didn't do anything different from what the MCU already did. Why didn't anyone complain about the MCU doing that? His story was structured perfectly to bring about the logical creation of the Justice League.
You do realize Captain America was a character in comics for about 10 years around the time of WW2, and the frozen story didn't happen until about 25 years after his origin, as a device to bring him back?
There was just no need for a solo Batman movie. Everyone knows who he is. They know every bit of iconography around him, everything he does in his superhero operation and all his supporting cast. That's also why Spider-Man didn't get an origin in the MCU, and was featured in Civil War before even getting a solo movie.  You can't really take anything out of BVS and put it in another movie to make it shorter. Its story develops as a very unified whole. If they needed it to be shorter, it would have to be written differently. Audiences don't mind long movies at all, as Avengers and Avatar have shown. WB was just wildly out-of-touch with the marketplace.  JL would have made more money if each character had a solo movie before it came out, but then Avengers could've also been boosted up with a Widow and Hawkeye solo movie first, or a Hulk movie that actually used the same actor and added anything useful to his story. No movie needs to come out with absolutely perfect timing. The plan for JL was to use it to boost the profile of the lesser team members so that their solo movies would do better AFTERWARDS. That's a valid plan too, and absolutely paid off with Aquaman, who might've bombed like Green Lantern if his movie came out with no buildup first. WB just had to realize what they were doing, sacrificing a bit of popularity for JL in order to get bigger box office for Aquaman, Cyborg and Flash later. It would move the profits around in time, but still collect them all one way or another. The MCU showed how those solo movies that come out before the first team-up movie can be quite weak at the box office.
* Rebooting a vastly different and much more brutal Batman *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   * Introducing Wonder Woman for the first time ever *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   * Setting up Justice League vs Darkseid *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   * Adapting the iconic battle of titans from The Dark Knight Returns *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   * Continuing the exploration of Superman's existence in a real world as established in MoS setting *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   * Bringing in Doomsday and adapting The Death of Superman *may* have worked in Batman vs Superman.   Any of these individually or even grouped in 2 or 3 at a time could honestly have worked. It would have taken delicate planning and smart writing/planning, but totally doable. But trying to pull off **all of this at once**? Insanity. No writer or director on the planet could have pulled it off. It's simply too many giant tasks all crammed into one movie. It was bound to have at least some of the attempted ideas fall on their face and that's exactly what happened.   Whole thing needed an editor to remove entire sections of the storyboard before it even left the writing phase.
He most certainly did not ever intend to make them step brothers, LOL. [That was a nonsense rumor](https://gizmodo.com/no-zack-snyder-never-seriously-considered-making-batma-1833621453). He made a damn joke about it, but it's so typical for haters to take an absurd joke someone made and then claim they were serious about it to make that person look crazy. 🙄
And no matter what director signed on, it would’ve still been rushed. You’re arguing that these movies weren’t solely because Snyder directed them.
I strongly disagree. The vast majority of Batman media that general audiences have been exposed to (whether it's movies, shows, or games) present a very different Batman to what Batfleck was. They didn't need to do an *origin* story, but an intro to this older, embittered, rageful Batman? I don't think it's even possible to argue it wouldn't have worked better than trying to do everything in BvS.  Yeah, a lot of BvS would need to be written differently, but it's not just about taking stuff out and making the movie shorter; stuff needed to be *added* to the continuity as well, hence more movies.  Using JL to boost the profiles of lesser heroes isn't a bad idea, but the leap from MoS to BvS (fully introducing Batman and WW, and cameoing Flash, Cyborg, and Aquaman) was a big one. To use the MCU as an example, it would be like if The Incredible Hulk also had Thor and Captain America fully in the movie, and Black Widow and Hawkeye cameoing. Oh, and then you scrap the Cap solo movie and Iron Man 2, and go straight into Avengers.
Stop spamming my profile dude
I don't even know who you are.
The real answer is WB’s shit producers that don’t read the IPs they own.
None of these. The real villain of the DCEU is a man y'all might not even know.  Greg Silverman.  The man who, unlike Jeff Robinov, pushed to make MoS the start of the DCEU (Robinov had it as a Batman Begins style standalone). The man who willingly pushed for BvS to be as dark as possible to the point where even Snyder and Terrio tried to lighten it up. The man who worked with Kevin Tsujihara to then gaslight the f\*ck out of Snyder and Terrio Post-BvS and only after being let go from WB did he suddenly act like he was always on Snyder's side.  Oh and to top it all off, that fake Frosty announcement that everybody says WB put out to slander Ray, wasn't put out by WB at all. It was put out by Stampede Ventures. Who founded Stampede Ventures? Greg Silverman.  But that's just the DCEU. You want the villain of all DC live action history? It's DC Comics itself. Specifically, DC/National Comics in 1940 when they refused to let Republic make a Superman serial. In more ways than one, that decision unfolded into hundreds of other decisions that led to where we are now.
Whoever hired Snyder ~ but not for the reason you think.  They hired Snyder for a self contained Superman trilogy. They then pivoted and asked Snyder to make a jumping off point for a giant cinematic universe but neglected to ask if that was something Snyder wanted or cared about.   All roads lead back to that simple problem. Snyder wanted a self-contained saga with a very clear ending and DC/WB as a whole wanted a never-ending cinematic universe.   That misunderstanding killed everything from square one.
I voted Emmerich because technically he was in control of Hamada.  But ultimately the real villain which is not on this list is Kevin Tsujihara who forced JL17 to be 2 hours long and to not be delayed despite all executives agreeing it was bad, because he wanted extra bonuses in 2017 because he didn’t think he would be there in 2018. And at the end of the day he must have at least signed off on bringing in Joss Whedon and hurriedly doing the cheapest possible reshoots and all that, even if it was Johns idea.  All just to finally resign in shame over a sex scandal.
I think people give Snyder too much of the blame.  Even if BvS messed stuff up, WB made things worse by re editing Suicide Squad and screwing up Justice League
The negative reception of Batman v Superman pretty much affected the DCEU from even becoming great, not to mention how it had the title of the biggest second weekend drop in the box office as well.   I'm going to say this rn but most of Batman v Superman decisions weren't on WB. It was Snyder who had plans to introduce Batman on the sequel (which was fine) but later did his Justice League prequel by shoving many characters in the narrative or cameo fest. WB had no idea that Snyder was going to kill off Superman in 2nd movie and that alone was the RED FLAG. They didn't think it was going to backfire because they had faith on Snyder before the reviews.   &#x200B;  At the end, it was a combination of both WB and Snyder that t-boned the franchise of where we are today.
Look dc had taken L after L even before man of steel ex Ryan reynolds green lantern  Zack Snyder released a at best mediocre superman movie that was not superman He does not get the character and stuck dc on edge mode Wb further shit on this by trying to force dc to be mcu too quickly and shitty overall planing  The first and the good wonder woman movie was mostly patty Jenkins and Shazam were the diamonds in the rough of the dceu  The justice league movie was still shit  The snydrycut was less shit but still shit
Snyder.   MoS already turned people off. BvS had everyone going to see it simply because it was Batman and Superman on the big screen together for the first time.   Even if BvS was mediocre but competent it’d have been a success and made god knows how much money. It was an utter disaster. Never seen immediate reaction like that to a giant mainstream movie ever.   BvS was absolutely fatal to the DCEU. The mistake was letting Snyder direct DC movies to begin with after constant failures in his career. The biggest mistake might have been not cutting the cord after MoS or BvS though. It simply wasn’t salvageable after that no matter what they done or how many hits they made.
Why is Geoff Johns not an option?  His writing has been completely awful for like 15 years now.
The biggest villain is whichever exec/execs that took out the half hour of important scenes from bvs. That’s where the problems with the dceu really began
As a DC fan, huge one, i can't pick  Zack did good with castings and visuals but BVS made this universe dead on arrival but on the second side WW1 and AM1made tons of money after that so i cant blame him and also ZSJL was everything i wanted in JL movie   After him ATT/Hamada took over, left us with no Superman, no batman and no bigger plane/creative control since 2018 (!!) And they even went all in and threw the whole DC slate to Hmax even tho it had massive releases like WW84 and TSS.   After them you have Gunn which fired Henry after 3 weeks he returned and made another PR mess and then he fired the rock and also made Ben affleck say he would never work with Gunn's universe and ofc you have zaslav which cancelled batgirl like nothing and caused another drama  Hard choice. Hard choice.
Can I pick 4?  Tsujihara fucked JL over for bonus, chose BvS, cut BvS Emmerich fucked JL over for bonus chose BvS, cut BvS Hamada fucked over Henry Cavill, Affleck Gunn fucked over Cavill, Affleck and Gadot  Happy 100 Warner Brothers ...you bunch of fuckups!
Why is Zaslav there? Most of the movies that came out recently were made under Hamada...
WB producers.
Tsujihara should have been on here. Wanting JL to be 2 hours only and not delaying it because he wanted a Christmas bonus?  Toby Emmerich pushed the narrative that Joss Whedon was handpicked by Snyder and would follow his vision, instead we got josstice league. And everything about making Josstice League alienated Affleck and Fisher from their roles.   Hamada prevented Henry Cavill from coming back to play Superman, said Zack Snyder’s Justice league was a “storytelling cul de sac”, and essentially ditched the idea of having a connected universe for years and then when he brought it back would have had Michael Keaton be the main Batman instead of Affleck.   All these combined made the universe a mess, I mean there was already issues before since the studio wasn’t on the same page with Snyder or Ayer so everything wasn’t as smooth as it could have been but Justice league being sabotaged and the connected universe being abandoned for years led us to where we are.
Actually, those were two different people. Jeff Robinov and Nolan hired Snyder for the self-contained trilogy. By the time GL failed and the studio began looking at MoS to be the starting point, Robinov was being forced out of WB. Greg Silverman was the one pushing the new strategy.
I mean, Snyder could've walked if he didn't like the direction they were going. He chose to stay. He's culpable.
I saw this one video that brought up a good point.  Snyder was known for making gritty and dark movies, so he should have been brought on to make a gritty dark Batman movie.  Instead they had him do Superman
Snyder was heavily involved in the first Wonder Woman
Agree with all of that, but I still put Hamada as the biggest villain.  I didn't care for Snyder's vision, but at least he had one. Hamada seemed to go back and forth based on whatever was popular that month, and the projects went from being misguided, to incoherent messes.  Pretty sure BvS was Snyder's fuck up, but after the Snyder cut was released it became clear Hamada had fucked that one up.
Is it? No studio would’ve let it happen.   There’s only been three superhero movies with that long of a run time, TDKR, Endgame, and the Batman. Unless you’re a director whose going to walk and the studio wants you that badly or you’re the end of a highly successful movie series, studios are pretty firm about making movies under 2 hours and 30 minutes. Maybe 40 minute if you’re cutting it close   Creatively he should’ve of gotten it, but realistically he had no chance.
By the time Gunn was in charge the universe was long dead. Firing Cavill early was the only option, the rock had "hired" him with no authority to do so. Gunn may have had bad news for Cavill, but he was the only guy being straight with Cavill. The others just used him as a pawn.
People don’t seem to realize Snyder wasn’t this Kevin Feige figure that had autonomy. BvS was just as much WB, with Snyder doing his best to work within their parameters, while fighting them over dumb stuff they wanted.
Bro the dceu needed a home run to start it off like the first iron man  It was in the icu with man of steel Man of steel needed to be the 2nd coming of a Christopher reeves like superman movie that everyone loved to show audiences that dc can make superhero movies
You forgot Tsujihara for your list.
Gunn shouldn’t be here. He made the right choice firing Henry, because he’s connected to the dceu, a mess of a universe. Same with the Rock, who had too big of an ego and whose movie failed. The Ben affleck stuff isn’t even bad, he probably just didn’t want to be creatively controlled. Can’t really say he was a bad creative to work with when you got James Mangold and Drew Goddard wanting to work with you💀
That's the sticky wicket of it though - Snyder never understood the ask until it was too late. I think had he understood prior to BvS he'd have said no and never done it.   Snyder's understanding was that he had free reign to create a grounded, serious take on Superheroes using DC characters and he mapped out his saga with a definitive ending and bold choices accordingly.   The studio's desire was for a open-ended saga like the MCU that would have widespread appeal, would never have any real ending, and would leave every single character on the board for endless spin-offs.   The real problem is *neither side ever realized what the other was thinking until it was way, WAY to late*. It wasn't until BvS was already out and JL was filming that the studio realized Snyder's take was going to be extremely ambitious but also limiting in terms of general audience appeals or spin-offs. By that point the studio started interfering non-stop because it didn't meet their vision and the trainwreck we all know and ~~love~~.
To be fair, “they” didn’t bring in Snyder for Superman.   WB begged Christopher Nolan to do Superman and he personally recommended Snyder instead.
It was different from Synder’s original proposal (she was going to be in an earlier period and be heading people), but yeah he was involved. But honestly people give both Patty and Synder too much credit, the movie was good because of the writer Alann Heinberg.
I mean just a few years later wb released it 2 and that was 2hours and 50 mins. Same thing with the Batman a few years after that.
I wish they would realize it. Instead, people call it the Snyderverse and give him praise when talking about movies that he had like nothing to do with.
It was very simple to understand that batman solo movie should come before BVS but WB wanted it here and now and yet, this is not an excuse to the fact people sat at their theatre and didn't understand nothing, felt its boring and confusing and nobody understood the vision. Only WW and the actual BVS fight were good for the average viewer who's not a batman/DC fan. (For me it was 9/10 but im a big DC fan so i had easier time to follow what's going on)
Which superhero movies were 2 hours and 50 minutes?
He was pretty involved WW. Less so with SS, but was still there to help Ayer if needed. And then Aquaman he just talked with Wan about how to approach the characterization and Wan showed him a rough cut to get his opinion / notes.
Watchmen: theatrical cut- 2h 42 min, extended cut- 3h 6min  The dark knight rises: 2h 44min  The Batman: 2h 56min  Avengers endgame: 3h 1min  Black panther: wakanda forever: 2h 41min  (I count this because it is vastly different and superior to the theatrical cut, but) ZSJL: 4h 2min  Sure it’s not as common for a superhero movie to be close to 3 hours but if the story calls for it, it should be, and bvs was one of those movies
These aren’t 50 minutes tho?💀  It was never getting those 30 minutes thene. There’s only 3 valid ones on here, all of which could afford being that long. BvS was too expensive in too young of a franchise for them to consider letting the 3 hour happen.
What do you mean compensate. The characters really aren't alike
This post makes no sense.
I was scrolling through and my first thought about this picture. “Wow, that looks like a new Journey album cover.” 😜
Wym 🤨
I see what you mean by this, but I think the idea of it "compensating" is difficult to determine. And Snyder's Cyborg was a much more adult version of the character. Not the Teen Titans/YJ version, who is similar to Jaime in some ways. The main thing they have in common is being bonded to a piece of alien technology of dubious origin that they often cannot control.
NGL, I can see the resemblance.
I just meant do y'all think the Blue Beetle film would be like what Snyder had planned for the Cyborg film. Didn't feel like typing all that in the title though.
Yeah I didn't know which word to use so I just threw compensating😅 in there but had a feeling there would be a few people who understood what I meant
If it serves the plot, sure.  If not, nah coz it just makes things more complicated. Let the new DCU firmly establish itself first then later you can introduce or re-introduce someone from old timeline in some Crisis or Rebirth type storyline.
Lobo (Jason Momoa) should say something like "mmmm, you look familiar, pretty boy" when he meets DCU's Aquaman. And then never mention it again.
The Flash 100% will I think. They'll recast him due to the drama but I completely expect him to be the same character. If they movie ends with Flash's shenanigans creating the DCU out of the DCEU, then he kind of *has* to. Plus having him remember the JL gives them a Coulson/Nick Fury to unite them.
# No  No one should remember that nightmare
No.
Maybe. Maybe not. Like all big events such as flashpoint or crisis involving merging or alternation of the universe in the comics, the people in the new world have their memories altered to behave as if the new universe had always existed, and only a selective few will remember or notice the difference. So we dont have an exact answer if they will or will not.
No
Nobody should remember anything except the Flash.
I really hope the DCU isn’t the result of time travel altering the DCeU.  Just make it another universe, branch timeline, or something.
Understandable
That be funny
Yeah your probably right
Good answer
Every big company that emerges gets the same investigation.  It's routine.
Ultimately I believe Batgirl's cancellation was the right call. This movie would've hurt the chances of rebooting the DCU. Batgirl was part of Hamada's new path for the DCEU where Batgirl and Supergirl would become the new face of the shared universe in place of the old Justice League. It was going to be a trainwreck.
This is what happens when the Paramount Decision gets reversed. It's almost like Anti-Trust Legislation is necessary or something.
I would be a witness to being personally offended by the cancelation of Raised by Wolves
Um, Disney. Why are we giving them a pass? They've done stuff that's actually criminal.
Well, let's be honest. It's a pretty shit merger. Doesn't add anything of value to consumers not has it so far
How many were laid off?
They shouldn’t had let it happen to begin with. WBD and Atandt is so heavily in debt that they can probably still win it by saying the cuts were necessary 💀
Haha couldn't have happened to a nicer company.
WB deserves it at this point
Always said the sudden cancellation of Batgirl would have severe long-term ramifications for Discovery, and it hasn't even been two years yet.  Their reputation across the film industry has been severely damaged and this controversy will linger for years.
Make sure to add the fraud committed against Henry Cavill to the list.
They cancelled the good CW series and purged a ton of their animation from the Internet. Fuck ‘em.
WB and discovery merging is the best outcome in that case. Because if at&t would have kept WB I believe they would have sold it for parts, they were even starting to do it with the sale of Crunchyroll, playdemic, and TMZ. That would most likely cause layoffs and lower production media.   Then if WB would have been sold off to another big media ( or media adjacent) company like Comcast,Amazon, Disney, or Netflix; it would have gone worse. There would be a lot of redundant jobs and lowering of media production. Just check out what Disney has done to 20th century fox,  fired almost everyone and only mining it's IP.   Discovery doesn't have a film, comics, theater, news, gaming, or scripted television division so there wasn't much redundancy. But of course they still layed off a lot of people,and cancelled many projects and that's what people focus on. Though, just imagine how many more people and cancelled projects there would be if WB had been sold off to someone else?
The story about the dad who made a kids show for his kids was heart breaking.
Layman question; is reducing consumer choice something that can be actioned against? Is it an effort to combat everything becoming more of a monopoly?
The Hollywood Reporter also has a take on this story: [https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/business/business-news/warner-bros-discovery-lawmakers-justice-dept-1235369365/](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/business/business-news/warner-bros-discovery-lawmakers-justice-dept-1235369365/)
We're gonna have to subpoena the film.
David Zaslav is basically Bobby Kotick 2.0
Feels like they might have something on this when they rule studios can be sued simply for misleading trailers, like Ane de Armas in Yesterday’s trailer, but not in the movie.
Please. I need to see the second half of The Nevers. Those badtards sold to Tubi which only let's you watch things are specific times like normal TV. It's disgusting and what I want is never on when I am home.
This investigations you are thinking of are done before the merger is approved, WBD already had that investigation. This is something completely different.
Not this late after the merger completes
Was that really the idea? Why would you want to focus a billion dollar franchise made popular by Batman and Superman but use Batwoman and Supergirl in their place??
Yep, that was going to be awful. I was happy for the the reboot. It was something that we needed. The new projects look exciting and I like the emphasis on superman.
Stop bootlicking the new regime. Just dump it on HBO Max and let the people watch it.
Batgirl was a trainwreck but Black Adam and Ezra Miller still in the Flash isnt?
i'm for things being fair, but a company facing consequences of some kind for cancelling one thing is a big extreme. Especially since people complain about movies being made that weren't good. There's people complaining blue beetle isn't good enough to release in theaters.
Disney will never get investigated for anything. Antitrust, acquisitions, literal human trafficking hubs in their parks. When you get to be as big as Disney is it's no surprise that you have "Look the other way" money accounted for in your budget.
Not as many as were laid off when Disney bought Fox.
Lol. Exaggerate much? This is going to do literally nothing.
Well...their reputation hadn't been brilliant prior to this.
Lmfaooooooooo.
Their reputation would of been worse if they released it. The old DCEU has to go. I have higher expectations with the new direction they are going
He was pretty open that there was no signed contract. Hard to prove fraud there.
In what way was there fraud?
Lmao. Good CW series.
I would cancel them as well if I could....
Yes, that was the idea. And Keaton Batman was going to serve as a mentor to Batgirl.  No idea how he thought this was the right move. Then you had The Rock on the other side trying to force himself to be the center of the DCEU, which would've also been a huge disaster.  James Gunn taking control and rebooting the whole thing is about the best scenario we could've gotten. The rest would've for sure killed DC live action movies.
The original idea for the flash by hamada is to reboot the universe, with supergirl and keaton batman replacing cavill and batfleck. Batgirl would take place after the flash thus have keaton as batman in it. When wbd took over, abdy and de luca apparently scrapped that and instead have a new ending where cavill and batfleck will stay alongside supergirl. So batgirl would not fit into the new direction since it feature keaton heavily which i assume also contribute to it being scrapped. Not that it matters now since the movie is now being used to reboot into the dcu so the ending with cavill and batfleck is scapped.
A train wreck, yes. But I still want to watch this train wreck.
The human trafficking was investigated, and led to the arrest of 4 Disney employees, and 156 others.
Hello, it looks like you've made a mistake.  It's supposed to be could've, should've, would've (short for could have, would have, should have), never could of, would of, should of.  Or you misspelled something, I ain't checking everything.  Beep boop - yes, I am a bot, don't botcriminate me.
Their source is their feelings.
There wasn't.
You didn’t like Stargirl and Legends of Tomorrow?
Then you apparently didn’t watch Stargirl or Legends.
And I highly doubt it even scratched the surface.
Trust me bro
No. Absolutely not. The only good thing theyve ever done was season 1 of Arrow and The Flash.
Those two were mediocre at best. Not good but not terrible either.
It's horrible , but I doubt it's a corporate authorized operation.
Depends... does your uncle work for Nintendo?
Why do I get the feeling that’s all you’ve watched?
Oh no it for sure isn't. The fact remains though, that they are aware of the issue yet do nothing unless officials come in to make arrests.
Unfortunately for me, youre wrong.
How can you be certain they were aware of the human trafficking in their park?
Bruh based on what? I highly doubt they're okay with fuckin human trafficking.
So you intentionally watched shows you didn’t like?
It was relatively common knowledge on the internet, and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that outrageously sized amusement parks all over the world would become hubs for human trafficking. They are the perfect place for it, public, full of people, and in major cities with large populations.  It may seem like it, but I'm not accusing anyone of anything. I'm simply saying that the Giant that Disney is, the number of parks they have, how long they've been at the park business, and just how heavily they monitor the parks with security, other employees, and camera surveillance, you'd think they'd be aware of their parks being used for human trafficking.
1. Its called giving something a fair chance and hoping it gets better.  2. I dont judge something if i havent seen it or at least a good portion of it. If im going to put something down its because ive seen enough to form an opinion on it. How else would i know that Titans should have been canceled after its first season? The only exception im making when it comes to this is Gotham Knights. I dont think anyone needed to read more than the synopsis to know it was hot garbage, nevermind actually watch it.  3. Do you make a habit of being judgemental towards something you havent watched?
No. Hence why I questioned you saying Stargirl and Legends, the shows people actually liked, were bad. Though based on your reply, I think it takes a lot for you to even consider something decent.
I dont think Arrow season 1 and The Flash season 1 are a very high bar to clear.
Jessie quick or vixen would be a good addition too but this a solid line up!
3 Barry’s is too many. ⚡️
Something like Tom Welling in Season 8-10. That was basically a Superman series they just didn’t use the name. It was the perfect blend of new and old.
Honestly, a Clark/Superman characterization based on John Byrne’s similar to Dean Cain, but with an actor more like Chris Reeve. And I would say I’d like a sort of scifi adventure take that we haven’t seen in any of the movies yet.
Tyler Hoechlin for me.   The only things I don't like about him are the CW-ness surrounding him. If that's removed and he's got a better budget with less weird teen-drama side stories then I'd be all for it.  I understand the folks who like Cavill & absolutely think the actor has the visuals/charisma that Superman should be based on - but if we're talking about what was actually shown on screen I just don't see any reason to revisit that style IMO.
Neither; let it be it’s own thing
Tom Welling
Action from Man of Steel, Metropolis from Returns, the heart from Donner movies, the characterization from Superman and Lois. I love all 4 of those Superman iterations. They all have great and not so great aspects. But they all get at least one thing right
Tyler. Second is Routh/Reeve. They capture Superman perfectly.   The latter is pure classic wholesome Superman and the former is that, but in an updated modern lense with new and interesting problems he has to tackle. Tyler reminds me of animated Superman a lot as well. I love Dad Superman so much.   These two just really nail what I love about Superman. It isn't about big fights, being broody, having zero emotions, or "hey he's like Jesus." It's about family, the town, and people. Superman is about hope.   I want them to do their own thing of course, but at least be inspiring, be optimistic, have this comforting nature like a parent, be friendly, and be emotional. Be Superman.
Looking back I'm thankful we've had so many good superman adaptations. I'd like to see the nice side of them like Tyler's saying his mum made his outfit. As long as he has trunks though I'm happy
I think he should and probably will take the best thing out of each of them
Tyler? What?
OK, but what should his version be like, if not like any of these?
Not the original poster but to try and answer your question I’d like to use The Doctor as an example, every version has their own unique stamp to the character yet they retain those important characteristics that make them the Doctor.   The next Superman is down to that actor and Gunn to shape. They will likely take from previous versions from tv film and comics. We as fans only know so far he is younger. Me personally as long as the story is good and character is interesting and feels like Superman/Clark Kent, I’ll be happy.
This guys about to have a real bad time with fandoms😂
It’s me, guys. I’m the new Superman. I’ll answer any questions
Wake me up when some actual news drops.
RUMOR: The new actor playing Superman is rumoured to be a human male and will be announced someday!
As much as I don't want a "superboy" I get it business wise, that they want a superman for the next 10  years (even 15-20 years, which is very hopeful thinking) so WB can suck the life of the actor.  I mean in a blink of an eye, Tom Holland  first portrayal was at age 19?, and his next one he will be 27-28?
I feel like I’ve been transported back 2 months
Guessed as much. I predict that Batman will be early 30’s with Dick being the only robin before Damian (Jason could exist).
According to Jeff Sneider, Superman: Legacy's Superman is expected to be in his "early to mid-twenties:"  "The one note that agencies have right now for Superman is 'young, young, young.' So I am now expecting Superman, the actor who's going to be playing him, to be in his early to mid-twenties. That's my new forecast: 22-26 years old."
You guys Jacob elordi can play the role? He’s surely has the stature for it
The actor should be 19 by 2025 to be honest if they want to play the long game.
Why do we keep repeating the same thing Gunn said the day of the announcement
Haha so we go from   Batfleck-  A little older than Superman  to...  DCU Batman - Older than Superman  Superman - same age as Robin lol!
Unlikely when Batman will be in his mid-30s. Having a Superman who is the same age as Nightwing won't work. He is supposed to found the Justice League, not the Titans.  I am betting Superman will be around 28-30,
As he should be.   This would also put the godawful reposts of David Corenswet to bed.
spoiler alert but I’m in my early to mid 20s. sorry guys I’m sure you wanted the role but sometimes fortune favors the bold
I mean...yeah. That's why they tossed Cavill (allegedly). He's too old (allegedly).
shit dude if the movies coming out in 2025 it might be me
Sorry if im out of the loop but, isn’t that what they were looking for anyways? Im not too surprised and I wish them the best
Not this shit again. he very well might be, but they literally just hired the casting director not too long ago, and Gunn literally went out of his way to say that the “25” rumor was BS, and all he actually wanted was a Actor Not in their late 40’s so they can carry the franchise for a long time.
Reports are saying the new superman actor will most likely, be alive
He’s just like me frfr
Didn’t Gunn himself say it’s not limited to 20’s
That’s good, the 6-8 years between each film they make should be enough time for him to age out of the role..
We know
And Batman is going to be on his 4th Robin..... can't make these timelines make sense.
It would be awesome if they cast a Jewish actor to play him, since Superman was originally a Jewish superhero.  (He was based on Moses, not Jesus.)
I hope Wolfgang Novogratz get the role
Who is the dude from Euphoria.. I want him.
I guess DeVito is out then. Darn.
It better be a relatively unknown actor or someone not hired just cause of name recognition and he better look like Clark Kent from the comics
Is it gonna be the kid from Dune?
I don’t think Gunn has casted anyone lol
It's win for me.   I think we gonna get a newcomer like Sasha Calle.
Hope they cast Kathy Bates
Wow, a young Superman, what a bold, fresh take that's never been done in live-action before.
Billy likes to drink soda.
I hope they make this superman gay like Johnathon Kent. Just to add to the chaos.
I’m quite sad DC so far is going in the exact direction I don’t like. But I’ll keep judgment till I see the superman movie
That's why they appointed Logan Lerman...
Hahah movie Will flop so hard my favorite hero is superman and i wont watch this movie
What if all the reports lead to a swerve and the Superman movie is actually a superboy prime movie and they do a live action Infinite Crisis.   Superboy punches into nothing and boom. Henry Cavill returns as Superman. Too much?
Good move. Lock an actor that can be used for 10 films.
No matter who is chosen….I do not envy their position at all. Eaten alive comes to mind.
Can’t wait to see Gunn’s tweet shooting this down in a couple of hours
That’s hot
This time I think they should actually try to get a krypotonian for the role.
Noah Centineo, that's all I'll say.
So....your saying David Corsenwet could get in?
Rumor? Wasn’t this already stated by Gunn himself?
Makes sense. If they want the franchise to last like the mcu, they can't have the main guy turning 80 right at the start.
Yeah we already knew this
Post Daily Planet or Pre?
Superman ages slower than humans. The actor could be 21 playing a 35 year old
Would make the most sense for one that’s supposed to be one of the centerstones of the new DCU for years to come
wolfgang novogratz 🤞
A Superman who’s younger than me  Wild
welcome to november 2022 brother
Is this from James Gunn or DC ? If not, I’ll keep my doubts.
I don't think there's any point in overreacting until there's actual real casting that is actually done and there's a schedule for production in place. Brandon Routh would have made a good all-new canon Superman but he was kind of wasted in the service of following up on continuity from the Richard Donner movies.
I’m already ready to be disappointed. Kind of comes with the territory with Superman though, nothing can live up to the fictional character.   I just hope they can keep the continuity so they don’t have to restart at origin stories all over again. Then maybe they can write interesting stories for the characters that aren’t about infighting or kryptonite.
It will be fun watching some actor being torn to shreds.
I can wait to see no one going to watch this shit after the standard being set previously with Man Of Steel on such a high bar.
Hasn’t Gunn said like a hundred times at this point that they haven’t even started casting yet and that they wouldn’t just be considering 20 year olds
I’ll believe once James says it. Gunn hasn’t confirmed an age yet.
Update: no shit
My pick is Wolfgang Novogratz
I give Gunn 2 years tops. His universe is gonna flop and they’ll try again.
Yeah I honestly dread the announcement because a lot of “fans” are gonna go after the poor guy
If you’re so super then why do my balls itch
Where do your civilian clothes go after you turn into Superman? And follow up question, without telephone booths where do you get changed and does that mean you’re nude for a split second in public?
What's the airspeed velocity of a north bound swallow?
How's life at the Daily Planet?
Bullshit.  Jarvis, show me this guy’s balls.
Why are you not Henry Cavill?
In Superman III, why didn't you put out the fire with super urination?
I like turtles.  ?
Jonah Hill? My how you’ve grown
What Superman storyline would be your dream debut? Pretty sure Superman Legacy isn't it
Ikr
Boycotting this movie for insensitive casting, smh. Can't believe James Gunn won't cast an actual Kryptonian for the part.
Can we just stop with these wild assumptions? Honestly just wait and see who it is, there's no need for people to be jumping to conclusions all for the sake of clicks!
Did you just assume Superman’s gender?🤨 /s
How big is he? I mean, how tall is he?
I’m not worried about him being a “Superboy”. Gunn’s not gonna write him like a teenager. I think he’ll be relatively fresh out of college, probably only been working at the Daily Planet for no more than a year.
Christoper Reeves was 25 when he first played Superman
It’s still hard to believe Tom Holland really got one of the biggest gigs in Hollywood when he was only 17.
Honestly feel like if they cast someone in their mid 20s they’ll be late 20s by the time the film comes out then by the time TBATB releases Superman will only be a few years younger assuming Batman is early 30s
You could probably fit all the robins in a ten year period if batman started in his early twenties.  Dick was adopted in year one and starts being robin at age 14/15 in year 3 after training for past two years, Jason is adopted while Dick was Robin and only briefly holds the mantle when Dick goes off for college in year 6 or 7 and Tim helps bring Bruce back from his darkness following Jason's death in year 8 by becoming Robin. Damain could be born either in year one of batman's career or his world tour training trip
He has that new 52 look which I'm a fan of!!
I feel this creates another weird dynamic with Batman and Superman. It seems they keep putting these large gaps between the two heroes that automatically makes Batman the elder of the group.
So Superman and Jimmy Olsen will be the same age.
A little older?
Nightwing could be 18-ish. As long as Superman has a bigger sense of maturity, it can work.
Gunn has already said he wants a mid-20s Superman, one well under 30.
If the actor's in their mid-20s now, they'll likely be in their late-20s when Superman: Legacy comes out and assuming Bruce will be in his early to late 30s in Brave and the Bold there'll be a 5 to 6 year age gap at most
Yes you can.  Bruce drops out of college after his freshman year to train with R'as. Love baby with Talia at age 20. Bruce is more of an older brother/mentor to Dick at 23 and Jason at 27 (who dies a year later). Is currently training Tim at 30 before Talia shows up on his front door with Damian (supporting Gunn's tweet that he'll be 9-10 years old). Tim leaves for Titans tower and story commences with Clark who is only 26 years old.
You think that if you see the issues, Gunn and the staff don’t also? They’ll figure it out.
Jacob Elordi! He’s my top choice for the role, I think he would kill it!
That's not going to happen.
Fuck I hope not
I'm pretty sure he's staying away from superhero movies. He'd also be a pretty terrible choice
Last I heard Clark Kent was male.
Hate to break your sarcasm, but a mid-20s Superman actually has never been done in live-action. Legitimately, it never has. We've had teen Superboys, and 30-33+ year olds (Reeve/Routh and Cavill were canonically well over 30 when they became Superman). I guess Dean Cain kind of, but that was a low budget show in the 90s that didn't really focus on the same things Gunn wants to. That's it.
Bro hangs out in snyder cut and fire gunn subs
Just like the word "Martha" stopping Batman, right? What about Batman killing people? And "damaged" written on the Joker's forehead?
How do you know what direction they’re going? They haven’t released a single Gunn era movie yet lol
Logan Lerman is 31,
No one cares bro
Cavill will never be Superman again. Let it go.
I think he debunked this actually. I’m pretty sure he said they haven’t even started casting yet and that they wouldn’t be only considering 20 year olds.
As is tradition
Do you take hot showers?
Excellent question. I just leave them wherever! I spend so much time at my 2 jobs that there’s not much time left over for things to spend my money on. So my budget is mostly food, white shirts, dress pants, and thick rimmed, fake glasses. As for the telephone booth thing, I can actually change my clothes fast enough that the naked eye can’t even see my naked brown eye. The telephone booth was just a courtesy
Less than mine.
what do you mean? an african or european swallow?
It’s good. We’re adapting, we actually just started a company TikTok and I danced in one of the videos with Perry. It was a lot of fun
Jarvis? Who’s that?
Henry did a pretty good job, but I think he left out some interesting parts of my life so I’m just setting the record straight
I’m actually the new Superman. You’d have to ask the old Superman about that
Super Kidney stones, I'd bet.
They’re alright
Death of Superman.
I think him being at the Daily Planet for 3-4+ years is reasonable, especially if you say he interned / worked part time there during college. Maybe he ran papers / did janitorial stuff and once he finally got a degree in journalism they hired him full time as a reporter  He could also play up the age a little bit (so a 22 y/o can play a 24 y/o etc) and it’s less of an issue
I think we're going to drop right into the feel of Spider-Man 2. Peter definitely doesn't feel like a "Spiderboy" there, but doesn't feel like a big adult man either.
they can age him with cgi if needed.  But yeah a actor that can play superman for 10-15 years is needed, so going with someone whos already in their late 30s isnt ideal.  My worry is who they will cast, because most A-listers will probably not want to get involved with DC, every superman actor since reeves has ended up in a worse position in their career because of the role. They will probably need some new blood, an unknown actor.
A 22 year old working at a newspaper? Yea I can for sure see that. 😂.
Yeah ikr. Super proud of the guy.
All that time he spent learning backflip finally paid off
It’s been confirmed that Damian Wayne will be used instead of the others
What we really need is a teenage Batboy and Superboy teaming up. 😋 At least that's something fresh and new!
Not necessarily they can cast someone younger to play a older Batman  , the actor who play Batman could be 25 put playing a 30 year old Batman, personally I think Superman got a be between 23 and 27 I don’t think they want more than  five year age gap between Batman and Superman
No...Jimmy Olsen will be 10. Lol.
Yeah true Affleck is around 10 years older.
Gunn said actors over 30 ARE being considered.
But look how rushed the arcs of every Robin has to be to make it "work", Tim becomes a solo player while still in training, Dick goes from Robin to Nightwing in under 3 years, Jason dies only after a few months... it's just silly a makes Bruce seem like some weird hoarder of teen boy sidekicks. Plus it's still weird that Dick is Nightwing and Jason is dead before even SUPERMAN is properly established.
You have an awful lot of faith in a studio that has lurched from disaster to disaster at this point. I hope you turn out right, but experience has made me wary of the grand promises of DC execs.
Then it's going to be as bad as the MCU has been since Age of Ultron.
Ditto
Oh believe me, i agree with you haha.
Uh, dude, Tom Welling started Smallville at age 24 and did it for 10 years. I don't know what age his character started as, but if it was older than 10, he played a Kal-El in his 20s. The actors in [Superboy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superboy_(TV_series)) were in their 20s as well. And, you can't just say Dean Cain doesn't count, WTF? LOL!
From all the teases we’ve heard, of which there have been a lot from Gunn himself no less..
Dear god he is Superman
Yeah, why?
I..... I don't know that....AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
Hopefully Lois will see that
Why do you have a third testicle 😳
Why are you running away from questions superman. Are you in cahoots with lex?
Okay but hypothetically, if you *were* in Superman III, would you have done that?
He has laser eyes to take  are of that.
 I just hope we get a Clark/Superman being comfortable with his powers, MOS gave us a clark kent discovering them, I think we can skip that.  Very much like Pattinson's Batman, and no origin story.  And for the record I do have faith in Gunn's leadership.
Cavill isnt in a worse position than he was before superman.
Well they have to go with a newcomer to keep the budget tolerable. And to keep him at least with a 3 picture deal. Tom Holland had a 6 picture deal, I don't doubt he is returning but he is probably getting a ver sweat deal that neither marvel and sony are happy about.
Yeah but that doesn’t mean Batman won’t have won’t have a bat family. Dick and babs are must
The Batman in the DCU has possibly already had three sidekicks and currently raising a son. There is going to be quite an age gap.
That's not "a little older", buddy
I trust Gunn. Dude seems like he knows his comics and we know he can make great movies.
In canon. He was 14 in the show at the start, and only turned 24 at the very end. Gunn is basically giving us what would've happened after Smallville.  Also, I didn't say Cain doesn't count, I said that Gunn's ideas for Superman are nothing like what L&C did. I like L&C for the record.
Uh that was a pre-Superman Clark Kent. So no, we haven’t really seen a young Superman yet in live action.
Seems silly to criticize the direction before even a single project of a multi-movie overarching story is released but ok lol
Just a kid from Kansas
Jesus Christ it’s Kal El
Dry skin. Try gold bond, and maybe boxers instead of briefs
how do you know so much about swallows?
She said I looked very handsome but that I should stick to fighting aliens
That’s just a rumor
No comment at this time
Well, I’d put it out with a bottle of Superman Super Blast ™️. Preferably Laser Red Fruit Punch or Ice Breath Blueberry.
That first flight scene in MoS was one of the best cinematic moments though, you cant deny that
I'd rather see a story about an immigrant from the stars that received a loving home and tries to reciprocate that same love by using his gifts to help people.
I think it would be good to get a Clark whose used to his power in a basic sense, but hasn’t had the experience as Supes for more complex combos, like I don’t think he should be able to do microscopic surgery with his micro vision, X-Ray vision and heat vision all at the same time just yet.  And may still be just a bit clumsy with his speed so he keeps it a little slower than we’re used to. Little things like that.
arguably, he only had two movie roles outside of superman in the last 10+ years, and even then one of them he wasn't the main character, man from uncle and mission impossible.  Yeah the role helped him gain more attention, but it also put him in a box he is having trouble getting out of, and lowered his ranking on return on boxoffice.  You could argue he could have had a better trajectory acting wise if he didnt get the superman role. Although he was clearly one of the best supermans as in look and tone, but had shitty writers abusing the character of superman.
Bro Gunn isn’t using them
That's why I said..."yeah true" :)
Did you even read my first comment?
Or commando?
No gag reflex.
New Superman actor just confirmed Clark is Lex's brother in the new movie. This is crazy that he put it on Reddit of all places
Yeah, for every questionable thing Snyder did, he did 10 great things  in MOS.   But my point is that they could skip that.
Well I just want a good story, no progressive pandering, political agenda. But that's just me.
Yeah maybe depowered him a little. Limit to his speed, invulnerabiltiy. Would make for more interesting villians and stories.
We could also argue he would still be stuck doing minor roles had he not gotten superman. Hes also had the witcher and now the warhammer universe that he has some creative control over now too.
bro lmao. I'm sorry but you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.  He got his break from The Tudors, then did Immortals and got cast as Supes.  Since then -  He was the face of The Witcher Franchise and gained a lot of respect and praise for that role.  Now he's become the face of a massive IP in Warhammer.  He's also the current face of Sherlock Holmes,  Hes the face of the Highlander reboot.  He's got a fair shot at being the next James Bond, and  I'm fairly certain he has a standing offer from Marvel that has a likely chance of panning out eventually.
Dude he basically already confirmed dick  and cassandra Cain. Like it’s basically a done deal
It's literally been confirmed other members of the batfamily will exist so your just wrong pal
You ever worn spandex going commando?
Actor?
That’s literally what his story is about….an undocumented refugee sent to a new home….
"Art is inherently political. Even trying to make a film that has nothing to do with politics is, in and of itself, a political act." Barry Jenkins
Did you prefer Zach Snyder beating you over the head with religious symbolism?
And also Sherlock Holmes.
yeah im hoping he doesnt get stuck with a witcher team for the warhammer series.   my point was in general DC movies have been a negative result for actors over long term. which may put off other actors, as studios have a chart of best box office return, which is how they dole out roles in most movies.
Confirm like where is this confirmed bruh.
Never wore spandex
👁👄👁
Dear god...  He's gone method
Wait until he hears about Captain America
I know, but it doesn't have to be thrown at our faces, it can be done smartly, just like the first two x-men movies
God I'm too lazy to answer you snarky remarks, but Snyders christian symbolism was the least of his problems.  Like I said, whatever message they try to give us, I hope is in favor of the story and not the other way around.
On twitter, he gave a list of like 8 characters and said 4 are coming to the DCU  dick and Cassandra were on the list. And then after posted them both separately. He’s also hinted at it
You mean the mutant team inspired by Stonewall and the civil rights era?
Are you trolling? X-Men are some of the most unsubtle movies ever. And as you yourself point out, that didn't prevent them from being good.  Get Out is one of the greatest and tightest script in recent memory and yet it's hilariously unsubtle.
There are blatant allegories to the red scare & queer identity in those films…..
I don’t mean to deny you or question that but due to how Twitter works, is that really him or someone coping
its him... its james gunn's official twitter.  he's known for being quite vocal on his social media...  i mean, you can solve your own questions by opening up a tab and taking like 3 minutes to go find james' tweets for yourself.
That seems reasonable. Lex might not be the film’s big bad, but it’s important to establish Lex early on as he’s important not just to Superman, but to the DC universe as a whole.
Jeff Sneider revealed that Gunn's film will include Lois Lane, Jimmy Olsen, and Lex Luthor:  "The thing that I'm told is that Lois Lane, Jimmy Olsen, and that Lex Luthor are all in the movie [Superman: Legacy]..." It's important to note that neither Warner Bros. nor DC Studios have confirmed this rumor.
No shit he will be. Luthor is integral to any Superman story. He’s a supporting character as much of a villain
Need parasite as the main villain.
Lex Luthor in a superman film? Shut the front door…
Good. Even without being lead villain, Lex should always have some presence in a Superman adaptation. Same with the Joker and Batman, Magneto and the X-Men, etc.
Revolutionary. Visionary.
Lex Luthor? In a Superman movie? Get out of here with these ridiculous theories
I think it would be interesting if Lex is super invested in finding out if Superman has an alter ego and spends a ton of energy and resources doing facial scanning and whatnot and finally figures out its Clark Kent, the unassuming reporter at the very end.  It could be a cool B story for the movie, and you could tie it in if Lois is investing LexCorp doing something shady that Superman intervened with.
I hope he isn’t a villain. Just a genius billionaire who is established in the movie, and perhaps a post-credits setting him up as a villain
Lex Luthor in a Superman movie? Come on that's crazy. It's clearly a team-up with Ocean Master and Merlyn.
Just have a good Lex Luthor
Granny is not gonna pp in a jar?
This is a good decision. There is no Superman without Lex, I hope they only introduce the character and build their enmity throughout several films until they reach an ideological confrontation.
It would be great to see him like an Elon musk type character. A presence in the city but not the main villain yet.
Again? I'm sick of Luthor and Joker ffs
Stanley tucchi
Fresh and original.
A combo of unused and CGI footage of Gene Hackman.
Jonah Hill but he’s a stoner please
How original
I have been dying for a good menacing big screen Luthor.
Totally agree. I can actually imagine him in a Loki like role
I’d love to see Oscar Isaaacs as LL
Jimmy will be a red head!!
100%, absolutely
Or at least mildly behind whatever happened. Getting that scene from the Superman TAS pilot where he silently confronts Lex but can't prove anything would be perfect
What do you mean? We already have a good Lex Luthor at home  *Jesse Eisenberg awkwardly laughing at the corner*
You know they don’t have to hire someone actually bald right?
I mean, Lex is an integral part of Superman’s mythos. He should play a background role.
I want him in a power suit so badly
Spacey was mean as hell in Superman Returns
He's a redheaded character making the transition to the big screen. He is going to be a black dude I'm 99%
Yes!
Counterpoint, the last guy wasn’t bald and look how that turned out
I was thinking great actor
Would you agree though that it would be a mistake, and an unpopular decision, if this movie doesn't include a villain adapted from the comics who has never been in movies before?  Man of Steel didn't need to use Lex. I don't think there's any need to start with Lex. And at this point, I'd rather not see him be a businessman. I think a reboot movie needs to really focus on staying FRESH and not cloning past movies. There is plenty of room in the full history of Superman's canon for Lex to not be a businessman. And, if he doesn't have LexCorp, there's no reason to start showing him skulking around in the background if he's not going to be pivotal in this story.
As cool as that would be once he goes full battle suit he can't ever go back to being a businessman. I want at least one movie that ends without Lex getting arrested.
He has to be bald as well.
Yeah Im thinking Jimmy Olsen will be race swapped. The others being swapped will cause too much controversial, etc.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding
Hhahahaah. Low blow
There can easily be another villain while establishing Lex in the background. Man of Tomorrow showed that.  Also, Man of Steel used Zod, who at this point is just as re-used as Lex. James will probably give us a villain who we’ve yet to see in a live action setting.
A ”power suit” is not a *powered* suit, but given that it’s Lex we’re talking about it is possible that the person above you was talking about a powered suit, and not a power suit lol.
Last chance to look at me, Lex.
The finale to Justice League Unlimited, [for example](https://youtu.be/vuKExOmuuvw)
no :)
Yes,the high seas here we go
DCEU… Nay.
I didn’t really hate this film I’m just a little disappointed and I rather watch the trailer again than the actual film itself
I have never seen such terrible acting from a A-list actress before. Lucy Liu was just horrible.   The writing in the movie is just too stupid.   4/10 have to be high and doing something else to find this enjoyable.
Watched the first 50 minutes.  Turned it off. Fucking terrible.  Was really looking forward to it.
It was bad, don’t know how any of you like Zachary Levi
You just bootlegged the movie didn't you.
I think the movie is better than your opinion that I wasted time reading.
I enjoyed it
Its the worst DC movie so far. A movie focused more on the side characters than the main one and turning the main character into a JOKE where he is supposed to act wiser -  its his second movie after alll.  Fuking ZERO character development as s fan I am really really disappointed, had so much fate in it..   It hurts, but the truth is that the movie is really BAD 😞😭💔
It's pretty bad, and I watched a WEBRip. It's a movie that's so generic and safe, it did nothing for the characters or the lore. Teenage Billy acts more mature than Shazam. I thought the whole point of it was that as Billy matures, so does Shazam. Unless Billy has multiple personality disorder. It's pretty much a sequel that really didn't need to exist.   Let's be real. The only way this movie would've generated hype was if it was a Shazam + Henry Cavill team up vs Black Adam.
Lucy Liu really phoned it in lmao...  Reminded me of JLaw in Dark Phoenix
What was so bad about Lucy Liu's performance?
In a way, got out of theatre in the first 25 mins.. Thought of checking it out now since I have nothing else to do
Nah Gunn is pretty good visuals just, his movies always look good. However, while his action does lack punch (Even with Synder's worst films, his action scenes always pack a punch, you can see the impact), he usually makes up for it in creativity and heart, which is enough for most audiences.
I liked the visuals of his powers in MoS too. But I don’t think that film created some kind of formula for his powers that will never be replicated or improved upon ever again.
I'm excited for Gunn's visuals. Guardians are beautiful movies and TSS/Peacemaker have amazing shots and action.  But I am way more excited for his character work. He knows how to write characters, emotions and relationships. Very excited for Superman and Lois and others.
As much as I really do like the visuals of Man of Steel, I don't think that it set some unbreakable standard. I think it fit with that style of Superman but other options exist.  As an example, I'd prefer the laser eyes be less chaotic and more focused in nature. [Here](https://film-book.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/henry-cavill-eye-lasers-man-of-steel-01-350x164.png) is Cavill. Notice how both beams are massive and teaming with energy. It looks strikingly similar to [Cyclops from X-men even.](https://qph.cf2.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-788b6a726319b1ee647af5915fffcc1f-lq) Personally, I'd rather they go with something more akin to the dialed back version [Homelander has in The Boys](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FYRewrwXkAExppT.jpg). The precision makes it more interesting & dynamic while allowing for more pinpoint usage of the powers.   Another example would be flight. Cavill flies around with giant sound effects and debris following in his wake. His own face is wracked with effort as the air around him sizzles with energy & he breaks the sound barrier. The raw power of the act of flying is an extremely powerful visual most perfectly personified in the "First Flight" scene. But frankly, there are times when I prefer the more muted and effortless flight of a character like Iron Man or Supergirl. There is an occasional sound cue to denote speed but otherwise they just float into frame when and where needed without any fuss. There's very little fanfare to the actual act because it's not important to the situation or plot. They're flying simple as a matter of convenience/habit and not some grand display of ability.   So yeah. Love Cavill's display of powers. Absolutely think it influenced other characters/movies/shows - but equally believe other options exist and that MoS doesn't have to be some sort of template that must be copied.
I think Snyder portrayed Kryptonians on Earth as their most powerful to date. Their flight, speed and strength and laser vision were all impressive and showcased their superior advantage against the normal military army.  But with that said, I think they were also too unrestrained. Superman shouldn't cut loose so easily, let him show off some restraint in using his powers.
Yeah, unfortunately, we have so few directors who've come on the scene in the 2000s who understand how to do bold visual storytelling and dynamic action the way that Spielberg, Lucas and Cameron did and do. Snyder is one of the very few modern directors who can do that. A movie is only truly working when you can look at it WITHOUT dialogue and still feel all the energy and passion of the scene. Expect Gunn's visuals to be flat, simplistic and TV-like, with an overabundance of distracting, unnecessary chatter.
Gunn will just copy MoS.
Gunn’s action isn’t as good as Snyders, but most of the fight scenes in The Suicide Squad are fantastic
Gunn's movies have no heart, no emotion, no meaning and no feeling for me at all. His attempts to insert scenes that try to do that are completely forced, empty, hollow and unconvincing.
True, also looking forward to what they come up with now. I think there's especially still some improvements to be made when it comes to his flying, with those lightboxes they can use now, they can perfectly portray the right light on him from his surroundings when he flies
"Gunns visuals to be flat, simplistic, and TV-like."  Alright opinion invalid already lol
Nope! MoS was why we got into this mess at the first place! I want a charming Superman! Not synders poor parody
We should be so lucky.
I thought they were sloppy and forgettable, not to mention full of gross-out gore that made my stomach turn.
[removed]
Snyder's movies have no heart, no emotion, no meaning and no feeling for me at all. His attempts to insert scenes that try to do that are completely forced, empty, hollow and unconvincing.  /S
What did you expect from a R Rated movie😂
Unless Ezra has something cooking
Which means.... Ezra Miller News in: 5, 4, 3...
70 days before the hierarchy of physical assault in the DC Universe changes
Can’t wait.
Ezra shouldn’t get away with being an abusive POS if Jonathan Majors isn’t getting away with it.
Can't fucking wait to see this movie. Michael keaton is the only reason I wanna see this movie.
I may be very wrong here but my prediction is this movie is gonna completely blow everyone away and shock the online fandom with just how good it is.
A buddy of mine gave this movie the nick name “Groompoint”
Man the last movie of the Snyder era. I hope the Snyderverse goes out with a Bang ✌️
.....till WB fuck things up more!
2 batman's supergirl and two flash's saving the multiverse i will go see it and curious how it go i don't have any grudge about Ezra Miller just yet 🥳😊👍
Meh. Not terribly excited for this. Hopefully it will go to streaming as fast as Shazam 2 is.
Seems like forever 😫😩
It would have been nice to save this post for tomorrow
most anticipated movie for me.   Waiting for second trailer hope we get to see villan
He's not. They already filmed this movie before all do this. He's definitely out as soon as this releases.
What about Aquaman 2?
Unless WW3 will get made, or AM3. I just hope Gunn saw wonder woman 1 lately 🫣  Anyway flash gonna be EPIC. I just have a feeling.
They are already bombing at the box offices, what do you mean it going out with a bang?
Synder is out of the picture, so highly unlikely that will happen. But let’s see how they handle transitioning from DCEU to DCU properly
The trailer rocks fucking hard. It's going to be great
I'm excited. I expect him to reign it in, but I also want him to get real weird with DC.
To be fair, the Scarab I think doesn't care about collateral damage.
Is it me or does the suits head look bigger than most superhero suits
Doctor Strange, Blue Beetle, and Razorfist are gonna do the Predator handshake meme
Like Jenny said: "Sometimes it does what you want, sometimes it doesn't."
To show you the power of the Scarab, I sawed this bus in half!
The scarab doesn't care about cutting the bus in half just self preservation. Jaime is probably panicked and not thinking and stuck like a deer in the headlights. It's not that hard
Gives me megamind vibes https://youtu.be/zrmv3BxteC0
Shang chị and blue beetle, right?
To be fair, the Scarab is a dick like that
The scarab doesnt care ..reyes isnt controlling the suit
They should make a fire storm show so him and beetle can collab like the game
From this point on, I'll only watch superhero/sci-fi movies that Awka Fina is on.
Zack Snyder is the director?  No? Then its allowed.
Just another generic super hero movie. Can’t wait to see it fall in the box office harder than Gwen Stacy.
Shang-Chi, the first MCU movie I refused to buy on disc. Awkwardfina was so GD annoying. I'd watch a Jar Jar Binks origin trilogy before watching her in a movie again.
His best Cloud Strife impersonation
i think he was still learning.
This is totally in character for Scarab.
Yeah this is literally why. Scarab will protect its host regardless of who it needs to hurt.
But this is gonna be kiddified and sanitized so that no one dies, guaranteed.
Yeah the head size is a real issue, looks like a bobblehead in some shots.  I get that the physical/practical helmet would look chunky, but I thought when they CGI'd it that they'd scale it down, but nope. Still a bobblehead.
The Funko Pop is going to be proportionally accurate.
Yeah it does look pretty big here. Kinda like Titans Red Hood  Tbf both of these actors have big heads tho lol
It's probably meant to make him look more like a kid rather than an adult
Tbh the kid’s head is too big for his body irl.
Don’t forget about Megamind
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Scarab!
That's a lot of damage!
It is very human!
...People really think a bus was never torn apart before Megamind? Wait, it's YouTube users, of course they think that.
If Snyder was the director that scene would be 5x longer bc of slomo, some out of place song in the background, while Jaime has a single tear roll down his face as all the passengers were brutally killed by scarab
Too soon. 😭
lol okay. It was literally so good.
I disagree. Shang Chi was fire.
Hmm, yes. You could do that. [Or…](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PRRu37cf8GQ)
Awkwafina is is a national treasure
What's a good Jaime/Blue Beetle arc to read as an intro?
Came to say the same thing. Scarab gives not two shits about collateral damage, whether it's property or people, especially when Jaime first gets it. Protect the user, eliminate the threat.   If it saw the bus as a threat, it wouldn't run if it felt it could defeat it.
Bc Jamie stops the scarab from killing people bud. Yeah no shit he’s not going to kill innocents
Movie isn't even out yet and we only have one trailer...
Hope not. Hope it’s not Shazammed
They should have gone a similar route as spiderman suits often do. A more malleable material for the head so that it fits the body. This looks like one of those cosplays where the helmets are indeed too big for the body... but overall I think they did what they thought was best, and I'm sure it'll look great on the big screen.
The first movie I seen it happen it was megamind. I found that after I commented. What other movies have you seen it in?
With better cgi, at least. And not this TV show quality.
Well the first half was. It fell apart for me when they went into the forest.
His first run. The 2006 one by Giffen, Rogers,  Hamner, and Albuquerque.
They can see the futurrrrrrre
This movie was originally meant to be an HBO max movie before they decided to release it in theaters.
I thought it was a mess. There's literally no way to enjoy it unless you spliced out each action scene and removed all the plot and dialogue to watch them as standalone pieces.
I'm check it out, thanks
Source?
Excellent looking forward to seeing it.
Man WB is their own worst enemy. It's already on the pirate bays.
That doesn't look like HBO Max.
😂😂😂
trust me bro
yeah cuz the billion dollar company **definitely** needs $13+ from me for a mid film
They’re such a fan they route their VPN through DC to steal it.
yeah I was gonna go to the theaters but everyone told me to save my money it wasn't worth it
WB have been their own worst enemy, since they prioritised BvS over MoS 2....and probably before.
You should check and see who you’re talking to.
lol I just checked 💀💀  I mean it rly was mid tho  and I think I saw an IG post about him saying himself it wasn't that good (unless it's fake)
Why did you censor Marvel?
Meh, I would've like the idea if Chris Evans and Robert Downey Jr were in it.
What would Marvel/Disney gain out of this?   Realistically this would only happen if Disney bought out DC films
I bet it will be a TV show or an animated series like What If, if they ever follow through. I can't imagine there will ever be a Justice League vs Avengers movie ever. Not in 20/30/50/70 years. Marvel and DC really don't depend on that movie to happen. Knowing Gunn's antics, I'm willing to bet money it will be some Cosmo and Krypto thing.
Iron Man's dead, Captain America is old ,Hulk and Thor are nerfed clowns now , Black Widow is dead . I would've loved to see the Avengers team up with the JL but now the JL is gone aswell. So what's the point.
I hope that discussion failed.
It would be too hard at this point. The ideal lineup would probably be Momoa, Affleck, Cavill, Gadot, Miller and Downey, Evans, Hemsworth, Ruffalo, Johansson. Not only does that sound expensive, and confusing, but a lot of those actors are pretty much 100% done with those roles.
Oh fuck off James and actually produce something.
Let’s concentrate on the DC universe first. Getting way to ahead of themselves and haven’t shown any indication that they have the talent or ideas to fulfill this.
Not interested until DC has actually given us a proper storyline with all our favorite characters. After that sure. Right now it would be Marvel vs. DCs mess
sure, the same way Ben Affleck was up to direct a movie
Hell no
God i fuckin hope not
Nope nope nope nope nope
Can't post something here with "Marvel" in the title
💀
And Batfleck and Cavill and Gadot.
Dollar Dollar bill y'all.  Also Disney will NEVER own DC in nany form.
Limited time batman + the league character experiences and merch at avengers campus to drive more theme park dollars 🤑 (half joke)  Money talks for the mouse, put spiderman and batman in a movie together and it can make an easy billy or two if its even semi decent, we live in an era of capeshit where majority of watchers care about beloved cameos/fanservice more than the movies themselves. There no reason to think disney would pass up the opportunity to push out another endgame level event film if gunns dcu reboot proves to be successful. Despite what chronically online nerds believe the dc vs marvel beef hardly exists in the professional world in any serious capacity, fiege himself believes they can both benifit from eachother's successes.
Could do Amalgam and bring some of the actors back.
....he is. We're finally getting a full planned universe
So 10+ projects = nothing? Okay bozo.
Wait really?
That’s so dumb
Nah.
We'll see how that pans out
The fact that it's even being attempted is a huge step forward for the brand
They'll both include Clark Kent
Man of Steel’s basic framework features a Superman who doesn’t actually don the cape and announce his existence until he’s 33 year old.  Considering Gunn is wanting to cast an actor in his mid 20’s… I think it’s extremely safe to assume they will be completely ignoring Man of Steel’s entire existence.
If they have any sense at all they'll hard reboot and none of the original DCEU will have anything to do with the new one.  It's not worth saving.
Definitely not
Clark who?  That awkward reporter who’s always with Lois?
That’s confusing since man of steel was around the same time period as Wonder Woman and aqua man? How come aqumans and wonder woman’s lore is gonna contribute and continue in the new dcu but man of steel’s wont? Doesn’t those three have a connection?
There are two ways to do the DCU that don't involve Gunn's ego taking over. Either a hard reboot, or a hard continuation. The only reason to try and do a hybrid is ego. Gunn wants to protect HIS stuff, and shitcan everyone else's.
> How come aqumans and wonder woman’s lore is gonna contribute and continue in the new dcu but man of steel’s wont?  Flashpoint.  It’s an extremely common comic book trope that big events like Flashpoint mess with the timelines/multiverse and some storylines are still cannon while others are completely removed.   No different here.
Presumably, Flash sticking his dick in the timeline changes history but doesn't change so much that absolutely everything is different.
No different, except, this will be completely over the heads of 95% of the general audience. They will never comprehend or understand it, and will be doing nothing but asking questions trying to make sense of the DCU. Keep in mind, much of the general audience was confused as to why Rey wasn't in Rogue One.
General audience don't care about Cavill Superman or Batfleck. A good movie is all they care.
Rogue One came out a year after The Force Awakens.   Any future Aquaman/Wonder Woman movie with Mamoa/Gadot will have been roughly a decade since anyone saw Cavill as Superman (outside of a cameo in a movie no one watched)  And that’s ignoring that a *new* Superman will have already been introduced by then too.
Gareth Evans.
Guillermo del Toro IF Gunn and WB allow him to do whatever he wants.
David Leitch who did the first John Wick, Atomic Blonde, Bullet Train and the second Deadpool movie, give him Batman Brave and the Bold or Booster Gold.
A Jason Blood/Etrigan movie for Guillermo del Toro
Christopher McQuarrie/Joseph Kosinski feel destined to work together on something like Green Lantern.
I’d love to see Edgar Wright do Plastic Man, but after his experience at Marvel I’d say highly doubtful. Nicole Kassell who directed The Watchmen TV series and a handful of other good projects, and I’d like to see her take on Green Arrow/Black Canary super hero detective movie or show.
Steven Spielberg, let him have his Blackhawks movie!
Ryan Coogler to do a static shock movie
Andy Muschetti will probably get brave and the bold truthfully. Based on his work with younger actors in IT franchise. Drew Goddard or Matthew Vaughn or even Guy Ritchie can get The Authority.
Sam Raimi and Guillermo Del Toro are an absolute must in my book.
Sam Raimi for the Brave and the Bold. Please.
Sam raimi for brave and the bold
Its funny, the one i wanted the most is james mangold, but im not sold on the project. Im very curious now.
I just want to see DC or Marvel do more mid-budget low-cgi down to earth movies, kinda like “Joker,” directed by some of the directing greats.   I wasn’t a big fan of Joker. I didn’t really dig it. But I AM a huge fan of that type of movie.   I love the idea of more grounded types of character studies where the superhero stuff is basically secondary and we really get to feel and understand the world they live in.   The Marvel series and peacemaker are really doing a good job of fleshing out the world more and letting us feel like we are present in a real world and it’s not just a setting for some insane superhero shit.   Scorsese doesn’t like comic book movies? Set up a meeting and tell him you’ll give him a $120 million budget to do whatever he wants using the characters and world. Challenge him to make a movie he would like in your universe. Same for QT and Spielberg and the other great directors.   Let’s see a Wes Anderson movie about some obscure DC heroes.   I’d love to see Gareth Evans do something in the DCU.
I want Chad Stahelski to direct a film, I’m not sure which one. He’s great with action so anything that involves hand to hand combat or insane martial arts fights would be sick. I hope Andy Muschietti either does a Justice League film or The Brave and the Bold. And since she’s in WB already, Greta Gerwig.
Rian Johnson for Batman Brave and the Bold. Have it be pretty much Knives Out but with Batman.
Edgar Wright and Alex Garland for a Lobo Movie
Lord & Miller - Teen Titans.   One I think will be announced Barbie opening weekend/SDCC is Greta Gerwig for Woman of Tomorrow.   Actually think a lot of the projects will already have people attached or agreed to it verbally but just not announced yet.
David Fincher for either The Question, or Constantine.
Ridley Scott on  Green Lantern   Sam.Raimi.on Etrigan the Demon. Or Dr.Fate
JJ Abrams, I really liked his star trek movies and the force awakens
i’d want a project about the question by the people behind the mason perry show.
Goddard for The Authority.  Andy Muschetti for The Justice League.   Christopher McQuarrie for The Brave and the Bold.
Guillermo Del Toro doing a Justice League Dark movie. If not him, then James Wan. Both have experience in the paranormal/horror genre so it'd be perfect. Or at least a John Constantine movie.
David fincher for B & B
Sam Raimi and Del Torro both could bring well directed wacky stuff to the dcu
Hell yes. Deathstroke movie. (He made The Raid and the Raid 2 for those wondering)
💯
JL dark being the most obvious choice
I wish GDT had ever been budget conscious, theres just no way to justify giving him 200 million dollars with his track record.
Isn’t he attached to this Swamp Thing?
I wanted him to do Swamp Thing, but that's not happening.
With a good writer he might make an exceptional Batman movie
I love his work and I absolutely adored Bullet Train, it was such a fun movie. I would love to see him direct the Booster Gold movie
Why not for the JL Dark? He can sure handle the ensemble play.
That’s interesting, what’s making you not sold on the project? All we know is that it’s about Swamp Thing and Mangold is writing/directing.
Opposite for me. Mangold is a fantastic blockbuster director and with Swamp Thing being a passion project for him it feels like a match made in heaven.  We can assume Swamp Thing as a horror will be a lower budget than any other big DCU project, so it gives Mangold a lot more freedom to make a personal story and take more risks knowing a lower budget = higher chance of success/less chance of failure.
Wes Anderson should either do a movie on the team literally called The Forgotten Heroes or maybe something involving the Legion of Substitute Heroes. Something up his alley that’s quirky enough to work in stop-motion perhaps.
I feel like Chad Stahelski could possibly do a Green Arrow and Black Canary movie really well.
If Stahelski directed Brave and the Bold, I could rest so comfortably.
Wright and Garland is a combination I never would've come up with in a hundred years, but now I'm interested.
Yep. That would be so cool to see.
PLEASEEEEE!!!
Nah James Mangold confirmed that he is writing and directing Swamp Thing today.
I just think it would be cool and I prefer a smaller, more intimately scaled movie when it comes to a supernatural/horror subgenre.
Del.Toro.has wanted to do  Justice League Dark.for several years . But he hasn't.gotten the go ahead.
I’m hoping for Nicole Kassel to direct a Black Canary/Green Arrow detective/mystery style project.
Fair enough. Del Toro can do no wrong. He lives and breathes into this world.
Absolutely
Nicolas Cage
Bruce Campbell was a name I heard once. Think it could be interesting.
I don’t think it’s going to be the Meta human version. I think it’s going to be a human criminal who uses the Alias Clayface.  Reeves Riddler was pretty creative in my opinion, as opposed to the guy in a green suit unitard being whimsical and funny.
John Goodman
Something tells me that they are going to get some unknown actor to play him or cgi the voice. But if I had my choice James Earl Jones
Oscar Isaac
Matt Berry
Charlie Day .
Christoph Waltz
Andy Serkis, Benicio del Torro, or Mads Mikkelson
Andy Serkis
Benicio del Toro
Taylor Fucking Lautner
Im just saying, they already have the best mocap actor cast in the series
Vince McMahon
Me
Dave Bautista
Brendan Fraser
Jim Carrey. I'm only half joking, you'd save a lot of money on CG he'd just change his face naturally.
Steve carrel
Cenry hevil
Swamp Thing, just give him an all-over Brazilian wax.
Ron Perlman.
Gary busey
Gary Busey.   I'm not joking.
Christian Bale, Ben Affleck, and Micheal Keaton. Clayface will take all their Batman forms to get Battinson in trouble with the cops.
Jude Law. Always wanted to see him as a Batman villain. Dave Batista should be Hugo strange. Crispin Glover as the mad hatter.
Clearly a giant heap of moving clay
Eric Roberts. He’s (usually) a pretty good actor, a bit past his prime, instantly recognizable but was never an A-lister. For a down on his luck, desperate actor type, I think he’d be perfect whether they go grounded or metahuman (assuming they’d use other actors/stunt doubles for most of his action)
Someone with the classic movie star look such as Jon Hamm or Gabriel Macht.
Brendan frasier
Tom Holland
James McAvoy
Jackie Earle Haley
Johnny Depp! That man’s a living Clay Face
Javier Bardem is who I always pictured as live action Clayface for some reason.
Literally anyone? I mean, couldnt they cast multiple actors for the role?
Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Chris Sullivan
Armie Hammer
Michael chiklis
I know this would differ from the comics, but I think not having an actor play Clayface would be best. I picture him as a monster lacking identity and blends in with its surroundings. It would be interesting to have Clayface be portrayed by a number of actors and not having one dominant face. He should seem unnatural and other worldly.  Imagine if Batman never quite knew where or who Clayface was at any given moment. Clayface could go on a killing spree masquerading as The Dark Knight, thus turning GPD and public opinion against Batman. Seeing Batman battle paranoia and not being able to trust anyone would be really interesting. I wouldn't even show Clayface in his true form until much later in the film.  I've toyed around with the idea of what Clayface could be like in a film and if I were in charge, I would make something that was a cross between 'The Thing' and 'The Fugitive'.
Basil Karlo
Haha the Face/Off references would be nonstop. Especially if he’s old school Clayface and uses makeup or prosthetics to look like other people.
Ridiculous Cage was made for this.  Actor ☑  Can morph into anything ☑  Will take any role ☑
That would be amazing
I felt the same way when I heard of a potential Clayface appearance. Like it's probably going to be some serial killer guy who wears people's faces or something. I liked the overall style of The Batman, but I suspect they're going to make all the villains serial killers with vague attributes of their comic book counterparts, minus any of the charm. It's similar to Nolan's Batman, in that they're going for a more real, grounded approach. I wish there was a more happy medium they could strike between Schumacker Batman and the Nolan/Reeves Batmans, which I think the original Tim Burton films really nailed. I want a universe where Clayface, Bane, and Poison Ivy can exist on their own terms, without them having to fit into the "real" world, to me it just comes off as insecurity and fear over those previous Schumacker film failures. Taking the wrong lessons from his failure, and Nolan's successes.
It worked for Riddler. Because riddler is essentially a normal human with some psychological problems!  But clay face has to be metahuman! I don’t think some dude wearing other peoples face would work
He’s retired bro he’s not coming back
andy serkis is literally alfred
andy serkis is literally alfred
Me two
Bro I feel you I really do.
The Batman is one of my favourites and I loved the riddler but if they keep doing detective movies its gonna get boring quickly
I as much as I’d love to see that so much, I just don’t see it. His take on the Joker is just an example of how normal, or grounded this Batman is. If you’ve even really looked at his bat gadgets In the Batman. They are all rather grounded and practical, plausible I think. Magnificent none the less. I really enjoyed. Think I’ll finish it up tonight.   Thanks for the post and reminding me. 😄👍
Damn you’re right I forgot!!! Lol
3-4 years between seasons kinda sucks. Ngl.   I get he’s busy, but that still just sucks balls.
John Cena’s gonna have no hair by season 2
Bloody hell, so late 2026/early 2027? Yikes
Excited for more Peacemaker. One of my favorite shows.
That's a big delay
Is anyone else tired of streamers being like, "Hey, did you like that show? Well, get ready for season two...which you'll get to see three years from now.."?
A little confused on Peacemaker's involvement in the DCU going forward, especially with the JL in the finale.   I thought his season worked great standalone and any dangling plot threads I could see working in the Waller show so it doesn't exactly feel necessary. But we'll see.
This might kill Peacemaker TV show
So 2025? 2026? HBOmax might be out of business by then
3-4 years 😂.  I guess that what happens when he’s writing and directing Superman
Wtf why isn’t it already in the works??? Shit is stupid.
Noooooooo
Nooo... I don't wanna have to wait that long to see my boi, Vigilante again. 😢
4 year between seasons.  Just cancel that shit then.  That’s absolutely insane.
Whatttttt. Noooooo. That is way too long.
Because John Cena is playing Superman.
[we’ll be right back with more peacemaker](https://youtu.be/vx0mHgasN3M)
That depends.  John Cena's career is taking off.  He might get another major franchise in the meantime.
I wonder if Superman: Legacy will include the orgin of supes poop fetish that Peacemaker mentioned in season 1. Continuity matters.
Might as well not even do it. That’s the longest pause between seasons of any show ever. People are gonna completely forget about peacemaker once the new dcu movies are rolling out. James Gunns nepotism is so fucking annoying too. Keeping some and firing others. Just reboot everything and everyone
Bro just do a hard reboot and drop Peacemaker.
Just cancel it and reboot everything.  This halfboot mixed bag is frustratingly annoying already
Don't even bother then
That is such bullshit.
Meh. They should just take the resources from that show and apply them towards the other stuff he announced.
It was a sad day
The Suicide Squad and their adjacent characters (Harley, Peacemaker, Waller) were my least favorite part of the DCeU (and other DC media), so rather disappointed that they’re they only stuff that’s gonna be 1:1 canon in the DCU just because Gunn decided to direct The Suicide Squad back then. 😑
I could care less. I feel that it shouldn’t exist if they are rebooting the whole universe. It has no place.
I would rather not have a new Superman movie than wait years for Peacemaker season two.
Excited but again he run to confirm his projects ( TSS members) but keep us hung in the air with hints on Jason/Gal which come from the same universe. 🤔 I just can't believe he will delete everything and keep only TSS and also it'll be very confusing. Anyway season one was awesome so I'm hyped
Watched Shazam today, and I gotta say…it did NOT deserve the shade it was given. Levi was just a great person for that role, and while both these movies have their flaws, sure, it’s no where near as bad as it was given to be. I enjoyed it, and I’m actually saddened by the fact of how much shit was thrown at this movie and the actor(s). Sure, it’s not the ultimate film, groundbreaking, but it was a nice fit for a B-list superhero. There’s been far worse than this movie(s), by a considerable margin.
At least we'll have some of the cast make an appearance in the Waller show
I think he means when he's done writing Superman Legacy he'll start writing PM 2.
So much like dumpster juice rolls out of the dumpster when it is emptied.
This is so dumb. Drain the swamp! Start completely fresh. Cherry picking is the worst approach for DC.
Vaporware.  What's coming next, the long awaited new season of Car 54, Where Are You?  Granted, Futurama seasons tend to go on generational hiatuses too, but I like that show. 😋
what's that 4 years between seasons?
Bro that fucking sucks
Understandable but still sucks
I mean... does it matter??? The timeline is so damn balls to wall of what's in what continuity now.
I really wanna taste it.
We don't need peacemaker 2. One was good enough
Let's hope peacemaker season 2 is going to be great same as the 1st season I'm looking forward to for what James Gunn might do with the future of DC.
So Peacemaker will be part of the new DCU?
Still better than One Punch Man season 3
I’m getting really tired of so many tv shows taking multi year breaks between seasons.
Scrap that garbage.
I'm hoping Waller serves as a Peacemaker season 1.5
Yeah it’s one the worst parts about streaming services. There’s no rhyme or reason to when new seasons are coming.
Hopefully he doesn’t insist on directing the entire thing and just writes
It does, but I think the reason is to start to allign everything to the new universe.
It’s like one punch man
That huge bald spot during Wrestlemania was so distracting
I just googled it and Holy shit your right. Maybe season 2 will have a hair transplant budget
Lol
Legacy is summer 2025 so it could easily come out late 2025 or early 2026.  Definitely not 2027
Gunn should never of been given DC. It's a TV show... 3-4 between seasons? Cena's already getting old, this is dumb, DC is shit.
Right? Like it’s fucking insanity but it’s kinda great lol
🧜‍♂️
I really enjoyed it too! I don't watch a lot of superhero shows but this one held my attention throughout the entire first season.
I just wish Gunn would pull the plug on everything after Flash and do a clean reboot. This keeping his projects while everything else is reset is unnecessarily messy.
Why so you think the only two faces shown were the two that are rumored to stay?
Tv series now. You got to wait years in between seasons.
I take it you aren’t a Twin Peaks fan
Euphoria literally took a 3 year pause tho ..
Curb Your Enthusiasm had a six year break between seasons 8 and 9.
Agreed. I struggle to get excited for the DCU (with awesome news like Mangold doing Swamp Thing) when there’s a constant reminder that it’s being setup on a half ass reboot where Gunn chooses his projects to stay. And I like TSS/Peacemaker but everything should go.
I don’t care if it has a place in the new universe. I love the show. I would watch it even if it was its own pocket universe.
It absolutely does have a place.
I feel like after The Flash we'll have a better picture of where things are going and who's who.
It won’t be very confusing. The general audience either won’t care or, if they do, will easily be able to figure it out
What's your idea of a "woke" Peacemaker?  Maybe Peacemaker teams up with a black person?
*3
A Bit like book of Boba fett is s2.5 of mando
I imagine it has to.
That’s what I took from the original announcement. Didn’t he say she teams up with team peacemaker?
That’s probably how it’ll go. Gunn specifically said Waller first and than Peacemaker.
IIRC, Gunn has stated that that's basically what it is, it's a bridge between season 1 and 2.
it will
It's been rumoured that it's getting a new showrunner, and might not direct it all. He also probably was a good way done with the script for this show before he got the DC ceo gig.
He only directed 2 episodes of S1
I agree, I think the only reason it was that many years was because it made more since with all the studio changes. Also when we start getting a lot more content rolled out I doubt extended time between seasons will be noticeable
Let him live lmaoooo 😭
He usually has the helmet on anyways
So Gunn should’ve never been the CEO of DC because it’s gonna take a long time to make a second season of a show?   What?   He made the show before he became ceo. So obviously now that he’s busy, it’s gonna take a while
Insane how it's the best thing to come out of the DCEU
Yeah, totally agree. I feel like every officially announced project so far can easily work as a fresh reboot, Peacemaker S2 and Aquaman 2 are the only ones that feel out of place.
There is absolutely no reason for him to scrap his hard work when he can find a creative way to integrate it into the new universe instead.
Not to mention crappy because he canned Cavill. There is no Superman nowz
I don’t mind them keeping utterly side characters like Peacemaker. It’s like how the MCU rolled over Daredevil and Kingpin.
Yeah I'm not sure why people who post this keep getting downvoted/lambasted. I see no reason other than pride/nepotism for shit like Waller to get top billing over Batman, Superman, WW, or any other member of the JL. You can't build a universe on half rebooted lukewarm series from the last universe that only got made because you like the people that you worked with on them.
That was because the both of them were actively working on their respective sequels, and so it was less of a hassle to get them in for the cameo.
Probably neither are staying tbh. Jason probably has a new role and Ezra is probably done after they release the movie.
Not this long tho, s01 released in jan of 2022, waiting for a show until 2025, will either make the audience lose interest or in this time frame, the show might be cancelled
I was going to say Samurai Jack, but TP takes the crown!
And peacemaker will have a longer pause. What’s your point
this is such a sad way to live
Where? If they are rebooting the whole universe why bring anything from the previous into the new one? It makes 0 sense to do that and kinda defeats the purpose of a full reboot.
I say it since 2019 🤣🤣🤣
I feel like even after Superman: Legacy, people will still be scratching their heads trying to figure out what's what.
Hmmmmmmm actually your wrong i know what’s going on I just hate James Gunn and what he touches gotg is some of the worst stuff ever and whatever he touches is horrid
i bet after july 2025 is more spring 2026 than fall 2025
Hopefully it's not as absolutely shitty as boba Fett was though...
So like 4 episodes of flashbacks, 2.5 episodes of Peacemaker, and 1.5 episodes focused solely on present day Waller.
More like Pamphlet of Boba Fett, am I right? Ignore me..I still have a bad taste in my mouth over that waste of time and how it screwed up Season 3 of Mando.
He directed 5 episodes.
He should've found a new show runner and it'd be fine. Waiting that long for him is stagnating the ip. John Cena is not getting young.
He should've stuck to making shows and movies.
Between it and The Suicide Squad. Think I prefer TSS slightly even if it did kill 2 of my favourite characters
We'll see about Aquaman 2. Not yet guaranteed that we'll be seeing that crossover.
If that’s the argument then there was no reason for him to scrap other people’s work either. Gunn tried to frame it as what “worked” but by that metric Wonder Woman made 800M. Aquaman made 1.1B. Man of Steel was declared by WB to resurrect the Superman brand and was the most successful film for that character since the ‘78 original. Financially speaking, those projects worked.  His SS movie was the lowest grossing of the franchise and lost hundreds of millions. You can argue about why that was but it’s a fact. So if the characters that brought in lots of profit have to go, I’d say his characters should be gone as well.
My personal theory right now is Waller gains knowledge of the coming reset during the events of the Flash and her show will be about creating a ‘life raft’ to save herself and some of her assets. It explains how Peacemaker and Margot Harley Quinn can make the jump but few if any heroes will. They tried to get Shazam already but he wasn’t really interested. They get to beat Marvel to the punch if that’s where they plan to take the Multiverse saga/Battleworld and season 2 Peacemaker can be about him adjusting to the new universe to help the viewer understand.
Other actors played Superman before him, and others will after him. New universe, new story, new Superman.
The MCU hasn’t rebooted.
Peacemaker will only have a 3 year pause (between 2022-2025) just like Euphoria did.
Nah I’m pretty happy, thanks for the concern though!
James never even said that it would be a full reboot tho ..
Teenage scooter gangs wrecking goons was pretty lame
Cant be worse tbh
The worst part of Book of Boba is that only 2.5 episodes actually advanced the main story.  Seriously: half of episode 1, all of episode 3 and the finale were the only content dedicated to the present day plot of Boba being a crime boss.
This is the first Disney Star Wars show I want to watch just to see why everyone says it sucks so much. 😂 How could they ruin Boba Fett? 😭
In retrospect, it feels like there was a sharp decrease in quality after Mando S2. Since then, we’ve gotten Bad Batch (which had an incredible first episode but a thoroughly mid season after that; I’ve only seen the first few episodes of S2 but so far it’s not much better), Boba Fett and Kenobi (both of which were ass besides a few moments), and Mando S3 (which has been a mixed bag).   Andor was incredible, but it kinda sucks that we’ve only gotten one truly good show when five have been released. Ahsoka looks pretty good but it could go either way tbh, and I hope The Acolyte is great.
It blows my mind how Disney and Lucasfilm fucked it up so bad. Boba Fett and Kenobi shows shouldve been home runs but instead they were ok at best and awful at worst.
This is the most hilarious reply ever made lmao
That’s what he’s doing? Lmao.   He’s doing that. He’s directing and writing the Superman movie. He’s just also overseeing the creation of a cinematic universe. Since he has the comic knowledge and story telling abilities to do so. And Safran is the business guy. They’re equal parts responsible for the upcoming universe
Fun part about the DCU is that it is going to jump forward and backward chronologically so always a chance they'll turn up
Yes but he's the head of DC now and it's his project and his vision, therefore i see why.
One thing that you overlook is how closely associated with the DCEU each project is. TSS and Peacemaker (well, Peacemaker up until a 10 second cameo at the end) feature no actual connection to the core story - which pertains to the members of the Justice League. Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman and Aquaman are all inextricably linked in a way that someone like Waller or Peacemaker is not. And when it comes to general audiences, the DCEU is perceived as the lame cousin of the MCU. Its seen as an inconsistent mess with films like The Batman and Joker being completely separate stories. And the further away the DCEU project is from its core JL storyline, the easier it is to separate in audiences minds.   >His SS movie was the lowest grossing of the franchise and lost hundreds of millions. You can argue about why that was but it’s a fact.   Only because you would refuse to ignore context around it. Gunn's track record outside of COVID has proven to be pretty strong - in fact, stronger than most DCEU films to begin with. And that's with a bunch of nobody characters.
Previous financial success prior to his work doesn’t have to dictate what HIS vision is, though. As the head of DC, he is perfectly allowed to pick and choose what he wants to keep. He kept Viola Davis, who was in the DCEU before he was, and he will likely pick others too. It’s also arguable that the DCEU didn’t have long term sustainability financially as all of their pre COVID releases were good in the box office, but didn’t hold up after the fact for any number of reasons.  What’s best for business is long term direction and Gunn can provide that while consistently delivering quality and storytelling, which he’s emphasized. I think mostly everyone agrees that his Suicide Squad and Peacemaker are two of the best DCEU content we’ve gotten. Now imagine an entire extended universe that is coherent, connected and has that level of quality.
How he got let go was total ass.   I am ok with a new superman, just hate the wasted potential.
James said it comes out AFTER Superman comes out in 2025. But we can just ignore that. You win. Have a beautiful day
He will reboot everything except his work... Pretty hipocritical.
Especially with how slow those scooters were
I blame it all on Robert Rodriguez. The worst episodes are the ones he directed. Same with Mando season 1 and 2. I'm glad they finally wizened up and stopped letting him direct Mando. Too bad it only took two seasons of a show and one season of another go them to finally say no more.
I liked most of it. It honestly could have been a shorter story if they wanted to stick with what they did. Put Mando back in his own show, okay to keep the cameo though.
It's a fun show with ups and downs. Two episodes are given to Mandalorian and Baby Yoda / Grogu. It sucks and ironically those were the best episodes but it's just a show in a universe that has always been made for kids and has always had varying degrees of quality. Expecting every episode of every SW show to be awesome is a setup for disappointment
Dumb
So pass peace maker to someone else. It's a TV show.
Right, I understand that he’s doing it but that doesn’t mean it’s a good business decision.
Your comment falls apart very quickly when looking at the projects TSS/Peacemaker characters have shown up in. Snyder’s JL is in Peacemaker. TSS itself is a direct sequel to the 2016 film with several characters/relationships carrying over. Harcourt shows up in Black Adam (where Cavill’s Superman also appears) and Shazam 2 where Economos is there too. It just doesn’t hold up, Gunn’s characters are very much part of the DCEU.  I’m not ignoring any context. COVID nor HBO Max didn’t stop Godzilla v Kong (which dropped in March, first big movie since the pandemic), Conjuring 3 (also R rated), Dune, etc from making bank. TSS had the worst drop of any day-date besides Mortal Kombat (-71%) and got the same audience score as the 2016 film. It was received lukewarm by audiences. Gunn’s track record also isn’t great outside of the MCU, literally every film of his besides Guardians has objectively lost money. Dude’s a niche filmmaker, TSS was not an exception.
I’m not debating on what he can do, Gunn can do whatever he very well pleases. I’m saying it’s not a good business move and as a consumer, doesn’t make much sense. The only people that will stay in the DCEU are people he worked with in TSS and Peacemaker. The entire JL, Shazam, Black Adam are gone.  Mostly everyone does not agree that TSS and Peacemaker are the best of the DCEU, on baseline the vast majority of people who saw the other movies never watched those two. You’re inherently talking about a small sample size as it is, let alone the actual discourse surrounding the movies in general. Unless you’re just referring to RT critics.  Gunn doesn’t need to keep his original projects to make a new coherent universe of high quality storytelling.
Which is why I said 2025, it could drop in 2025 (after Superman) but yeah you do the same lol ;)
It’s not. You are just still being a baby about losing your shitty universe.
Guys I haven’t watched BoBF yet and you’re giving me to many reasons not to
It’s his show. It can wait. You can wait
I totally agree with you, but I guess this is just how it's going whether we like it or not.
It’s not as good as Mandalorian, but there’s enough there to make it worth a watch. Especially so if you want the tie in stuff for the other shows.
Only gotta watch the last 3 episodes, really. Which is a shame because I actually enjoyed the Tusken backstory parts. I think that finale, as important as it is to the Mando canon, confirmed how this show didn't know what to do with Boba Fett.
Outside of the last few episodes with mando the rest is very underwhelming
The flashbacks to his time with the Tuskans was fantastic. That haka like dance that ends one of the episodes was fantastic. That whole storyline should have been the main plot, with flashbacks to his time as a young Bounty Hunter.
Gotcha I’ll get to it eventually I’m terrible when it comes to keeping up with shows.
Yeah, I liked the Mando episodes and the finale.
Really, and I mean really, temper your expectations and you might enjoy it.
Honestly, if you just watch episodes 6, 7, & 8, you really won't miss anything worthwhile, and will probably be happy you watched it.  It's the first 5 episodes that are just kind of....... eeeeeeeeeh.
Watch Andor first.  Andor blows every other Star Wars show out of the water
Yeah I think we knew that. Hopefully both Creature Commandos and Waller come out in 2024.
Superman casting will break the internet because it’s definitely someone that nobody would expect
i’m assuming this is the project frank grillo is attached to
I thought it was already known
Cool. Looking forward to see how the new DCU under Gunn works out.
I’m hoping/assuming it’ll b out early to mid 2024 considering they are in pre production
Really hoping there will be a sensible streaming strategy. Surely selling to Netflix or Amazon has to be an option. Here in the UK it's been a flipping nightmare trying to get decent streaming of a lot of DC stuff over the past few years. A big part of MCU's success currently is the accessibility of Disney+ now, surely DC need to look at that and come up with a plan where we can watch all DCU (and Elseworlds) stuff in one place.
Wasn't this supposed to be live-action/animated?
Good..............
Didn't we know this already, Waller too .
I think Feb 2025
Can’t wait for cast and crew be announced for all the DC projects. I don’t know anything really about Creature Commandos so I’m really looking forward to meeting (?) them.
Didn’t we know this already?
My uncle at WB says that the board of directors is preparing a ceremony for casting necromancy to bring back Christopher Reeve.
Henry Cavill. Just to see the reactions across the board.
And it’ll bring a whole bunch of bitching and complaining about how this new actor is supposedly inferior to Cavill.
The new superman is..
It's going to be me.
Reeve, Routh & Cavill were nobodies before Superman. It makes sense if they go down the same route again.
HAH define success in the M-She-U. 60k for Ms.Marvel? 100k for slut hulk (a of content creators have done deep dives on its many failures her being what you guys refer to as a tart is one of them)
No it was animated and being voiced by the live action counterparts.
With George Reeves as Jor-El.
That would be one of the funniest things ever
Looking forward to that I guess…
Didn’t many ppl say that about Pattinson compared to Affleck till the movie came out
Jonah Hill
Is this a parody comment?
What is wrong with you?
You’re a sad person:/ I hope the worst for you
Yes, tons of people were talking shit because he was the twilight dude while being totally unfamiliar with his actual great work. Pattinson is a better actor the affleck, Ben is a great writer/director too but just pure acting Pattinson is better.
FUCK!
I hope it's like Where's Waldo, and he just randomly appears in crowd scenes in the movies.
A 1 second cameo for sure.
Hopefully a Deadpool meets Stan lee type cameo situation
I'd honestly love to see Bat-Mite or Mr. Mxyzptlk too.
With Gunn? Pretty likely him & the creeper I think
Maybe he could be like the Beyonder in Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur before revealing himself during a credit scene.
That’d be funny. In every movie or just random movies?
I think random movies is more fun.
I would make hyppolita the wonder woman of the jsa
If the JSA will be set in the 40s on the prime earth. Then I would make the founding members   Alan Scott   Jay Garrick   Wildcat   Wonder Woman (Hippolyta)   Hawkwoman   Dr. Fate (Kent Nelson)  You don't want too ppl on the team
One person’s generic is another’s hyped/fun. I thought it looked pretty cool. And it’s not a crime to be similar to others……just do it BETTER.
Or maybe you and others can let people have their opinions on this.  I for one doesn't think it looks that special either, BUT I haven't seen the movie and neither have you, so maybe it's going to be quite good.
Y’all just wanna hate lol movie looks good.
They're in for a rude awakening when opening weekend numbers come in
I think it’ll do as well as the first Shazam if not better. Anime references already make it quite unique with the ability to forge whatever he wants.
2 completely different things. shazam 2 was also fun and still generic af. black adam was also fun but generic af
And why do you care what the box office is? Or why should anybody else for that matter?  Should only matter if it's a good movie
Tbh, same.  I just feel it. I’ll probably know more by august
Obvious answer is obvious 💀
So offer a explanation then. "💀"  Not everybody has that sheep nature to follow popular opinion so it's not as obvious as you think
Look at the size of that W
Swamp Thing is in safe hands.
Additionally James Gunn just said this is Mangold’s passion project so I’m excited
James Gunn corroborates the news in his twitter:  > Of course when we started charting the course for the DCU one of the first people I talked to was the super talented @mang0ld about writing and directing his passion project Swamp Thing. #SwampThing  Link: https://twitter.com/JamesGunn/status/1644378464492093441?t=Z5JbjZ__pi_AsUnE982YUg&s=19
Crazy for this guy to touch indiana jones, star wars and swamp thing.
thats great! Wonder if both this and his Star Wars can actually happen though.
I love mangold's work so I'm happy for that
Slightly sad it isn't Del Toro for obvious reasons, but Gunn said this is Mangold's passion project and that means a lot
Casually dropping that Swamp Thing bombshell after announcing his Star Wars gig. Big flex.
Holy shit Mangold is having a crazy News day. Indy trailer, doing a movie about the first Jedi, and now this!
We won
Great news!
Fantastic!
Hope he directs it too.
So far this and maybe drew Goddard for the authority. Pretty good directors so far.
Holy W
I'm OoTL but I love Swanp Thing as a filthy casual. Why is this such a good news?!
He's directing it too.
This says a lot for the direction Gunn’s DCU is taking and I’m really hyped for it.   He’s approaching people who clearly love these characters and want to bring everything they love to the big screen.
Let's goooo!
big day for Mangold
Best news to come out so far. Now it just needs a good director (and cinematographer).  EDIT: Didn’t realize Mangold was directing too. I’m excited for this even more.
DCU will be amazing.
DC might be back
Great news. Loved Logan
Directing too!!! Gunn just confirmed it too :))
Fuck yeah. Everything Mangold has made is pure gold.
Please get Del Toro to direct this.  EDIT: I missed than Mangold is directing as well apparently. I'm fine with that too!
Writing AND directing
Serious inquiry- can someone please explain to me the appeal behind swamp thing? Not sure i understand it at all
And to think they could have had Eric Wallace! Oh well, I suppose Mangold will do.
Even if Indiana Jones 5 isn’t well received, he’s still a good choice for this. Logan was lit. I hope the DCU doesn’t become like the Dark Universe where they lock down talent for all their IPs just to crash and burn after the first movie.
Jeez, he’s crushing it right now. As a long time Wolverine and Swamp Thing fan, this news is music to my ears.
Even hardcore Snyder fans are struggling to complain about this
Don’t give a shit about the Star Wars thing. None of these Star Wars movies are going to happen apparently. Swamp Thing in the other hand is intriguing.
I just watched Cop Land for the first time. Sharp movie, and maybe one of Sylvester Stallone’s best performances?
First we getting a Swamp Thing movie and now the chad himself James Mangold!?! I’m more hyped for this now!
DC is gonna take hella Ws for the next decade and probably more and I’m ready for it
Get fucked Eric Wallace for CW  EDIT: rembered eric wallace name
Who is MarvelsGrantMan136 and who does he work for???!
this Man is Gold
i have no idea who he is
Yeah let's see that Indiana Jones movie first it looks terrible so far but let's hope it's just the trailers .
They probably shouldn’t move forward with this considering the show was canceled, and Marvel already has Groot.
Really hope this is good.
Hell yeah
Damn, nice
YES
Lets gooo
Does anyone know if it'll be rated R?
HYPE! really hope good old john constantine shows up for a scene.
He’s doing this and Star Wars Dawn of the Jedi and the Bob Dylan biopic all at the same time!
This is great news
You had me at cop land and 3:10 to yuma. Sign me up for this.
james mangold? writing swamp thing? well i'm fucking hyped.
This guy has his hands on some major franchises. Good for him
Oh I like this!
Damn an Origin of the Jedi movie and Swamp Thing?  Man will be busy for a bit
Cool. Cool cool cool.
I get the feeling 2026 will be this and Batman Brave and the Bold. The Authority & Supergirl will be the riskier and more expensive ones.
Get Animal Man a movie and we can build up to a Rot World movie.
So is he working for Lucasfilm or DC I'm confused
Suddenly Swamp Thing is my most anticipated comic book movie
YES!!!!
Not hating, but I'm not sure why this is supposed to be a huge win. He writes ok films, some were even pretty good. That's about it. It's good news, but not exactly a huge win
Guess we'll be waiting a while on his star wars movie
It’s still a shame that the Swamp Thing tv series got canceled before it even started airing.
SHIT HAVE HIM DIRECT IT TOO.   I WILL CRY IF THEY DO NOT USE THE SAME CAST FROM THE CANCELLED SHOW.
He's also directing it.
It's fucking HUGE!
He's directing it too.
That is one massive W!
I love mangold's work so I'm happy for that
It's really just fantastic news, I'm really excited
Maybe - announcing a DC blockbuster and a Star Wars flick on the same day is a bit worrisome.
I mean, there’s still marketing and release that WB can screw up.  Like when they ended and removed the Series for no reason.  It’s hard to trust WB/ DC after past/current mistakes…. But here’s hoping for a change.
Forgot to include wolverine and logan
Get the chisel out for his nerd hall of fame bust if these all end up being good.
Star Wars? Which one?
Dude is living the best Phase of his life.
Maybe Del Toro could get in on a DC Dark film if Swamp Thing does well.
Mangold doesn't strike me as a "one for them, one for me" director. It genuinely feels like his blockbuster work is as important to him personally as everything else.
You talking Like sw movie preject will really happen lol
He is.
Yes James gunn just confirmed it
Is Drew any good he has like Cabin in the Woods that know of. Can you recommend me he's movies.
He's the director of Logan, The Wolverine, Ford v Ferrari, and Indiana Jones 5. Lots of people hold Logan particularly in the top tier of comic book films.
James Mangold is a pretty great filmmaker, he directed and wrote Logan, 3:10 to Yuma, Ford vs Ferrari, and I Walk the Line. And he's doing the new Indiana Jones film coming out this year, which judging by the trailer, looks pretty good.
Because James mangold is a very good director and writer, he’s directed multiple stellar movies. His 3:10 to Yuma remake was fantastic, Logan is one of the best superhero movies made, Ford vs Ferrari was great, his movie Copland from back in the 90s with Stallone is quality too he written or directed multiple other good projects as well. He’s just a really talented filmmaker who’s in high demand and this is supposedly a passion project of his so this movie is in great hands
Yup, genius move by Gunn to immediately reach out to Mangold when he was planning the DCU, getting talented people like Mangold who’re really passionate about the project is a major W. Really can’t wait to see what other people will be connected to the other DCU movies. I very much trust Gunn and his judgment when it comes to picking writers/directors for these projects
Mangold is directing too. Gunn confirmed it on his Twitter
The way Gunn talked on twitter, seems like mangold is also directing it as well
James Mangold IS directing the film as well.
Pure *Man*gold
James Mangold has been confirmed to be writing and directing Swamp Thing.
He was initially a misunderstood monster similar to frankensteins monster, but made out of plants.   Allan Moore reimagined him as an earth elemental and mixed in a love story. It was a very fun and good run.
Both the original run and Alan Moore's are fantastic. Definitely best of DC. Swamp thing is awesome you just gotta read it to find it.
He starts filming a Bob Dylan biopic he’s writing and directing later this year as well.  Man is absolutely crushing it career wise
Great movie and that’s definitely one of sly’s best performances, up there with Rocky/first blood/creed movies/balboa.
It’s gonna be glorious. Future looks the best it ever has for DC fans.
I don’t know who you think this guy is, but he never wrote for a CW show
My first thought too
Guy directed Logan, Walk the Line, and Indy 5
Director of Logan, and the stellar 3:10 to Yuma remake, and the great Ford v Ferrari, director of underrated Stallone movie Copland from the 90s, director of walk the line, director of the upcoming Indiana Jones movie and just announced to be directed a Star Wars movie about the first Jedi, his first movie “heavy” which he wrote and directed is really good too. Very talented writer/director who’s in high demand, this is a big W for the DCU
*Logan* and *Ford v Ferrari* are already enough to get me hyped.
That makes no sense.
>show was canceled  [Due to a tax/budgeting fuckup](https://www.businessinsider.com/why-dc-universes-swamp-thing-was-canceled-after-great-reviews-2019-6)  Also because the DC Universe App had already found its show to be the one that would print money (Titans), they didn't need to prioritise any other show.
Marvel didn't let Groot stop them from introducing Man-Thing last year.
What does this even mean? I swear the random takes just to be negative 😂
His Star Wars movie sounds like a cool concept.
Pretty wild to be doing both those and swamp thing and Indy 5 in what will prob be like a 5-6 year span
Both lol, and he’s writing/directing a Bob Dylan biopic that starts filming later this year.
Copland/heavy/walk the line are all very well written movies, also he’s directing this and he is a really talented director. This is definitely a big W especially because swamp thing is supposedly a passion project for him and that’s why Gunn reach out to him early on when he was planning the DCU
Why tho? I was looking at his stuff here and the only thing that pop up to me is Logan, besides that there's some good stuff and some bad stuff.  > Huge and a W  Is he really good news?  I'm not hating just want to understand the hype.
Fairly certain that we knew this already, but having him confirm that he's also writing it is huge.
Fuck yeah. Guillermo and him are the only two directors I trust for this.
Technically the film was announced a few months ago.
He didn't announce it, it had already been announced and he was attached. He just revealed at Celebration today that he's also writing it.
Swamp thing was announced months ago and it seems Mangold has been involved since before the slate was even announced so I don’t think this is worrisome. Mangold just spilled the beans today but it seems he been involved pretty much since the beginning because he was one of the first ppl Gunn reached out to when planning the DCU
I mean it's not like DC finally has their own studio and WB doesn't have a say in what happens to DC movies😐
Maybe we look past that and into the future for once?
It didn’t end for no reason. Someone made a book keeping error and the tax incentives fell through. They didn’t have the money to keep the show going after all of that nonsense.
Also at the rate WB is haemeroiding money right now, will there even BE a film studio by the time this film is expected to be released.
And doesn’t he hold comics in contempt too? Like Logan was a “serious” movie based on comic book characters because he thought they were kinda silly.
He is going to be making a movie about the first Jedi set 25000 years before the Skywalker Saga.
Yes I want DelToro on JL Dark
Ya he was a massive Indy fan and it seems he’s a bit swamp thing fan and this is a passion project for him and that’s why Gunn reached out to him pretty much right away when he was planning the DCU.
Lol I know man. Still two big things for him today
He hasn't directed a lot of movies, he mostly does writing. He created the Daredevil show, he's a show runner and he wrote Cloverfield as well. Bad times at el royale is pretty fun too, he directed and wrote that one.
Awesome! Thank you for the insight!
Don’t forget about Cop Land.
Hell yeah thank you!
I'm a bit bummed because while I enjoy Mangold's movies, Del Toro would have a brought a unique flair to the film. It also would have guaranteed a practical suit for Swamp Thing.
He's talking about Eric Wallace, from CW's The Flash, who said he wanted to work on Swamp Thing. Dude's a shit writer and is really full of himself.
Walk The Line was good.
Ford v Ferrari is great, Logan was mid.
Now the market is definitely over saturated with plant people.
It’s means with including the Man Thing, there are more then enough of these creatures on screen. There is just not enough interest in Swamp Thing. The Man Thing has a connection to the multiverse, and Swamp Thing is part of some bigger thing. Ultimately the way their powers work, and overlap, it’s just to much. There is also Alan Moore’s dark shadow, a presence which hangs over the property. With Mangold’s talents, he should be knocking it out of the park with an established character. Bringing maximum value to the DC brand. He is too good of a director to waste on a random character. I’d rather see him do Brave and the Bold. He could do a great Green Arrow movie, that you’d just want to watch over and over again.
Agreed
I think it is, Logan, Copland, 3:10 to Yuma, Ford V Ferrari, Walk the Line and Identity are damn good movies that he also wrote. He also wrote my favorite disney animated movie in Oliver and COmpany.
People like his movies. That’s why they’re excited.
He's really skilled/talented, and apparantly Swamp Thing is a passion project for him so it's not just for-hire.
What do you mean why lol? Have you not seen his other work, 310 to Yuma was stellar, Copland back in the 90s with Stallone was high quality, Ford vs Ferrari was great, Logan is one of the best superhero movies made, he’s been involved in multiple other solid projects too. Mangold is a very good and well respected director and a solid writer. This is a major W, Mangold is way more talented than most the people attached to superhero projects. There is a reason Gunn immediately reached out to him and Disney had him do the new Indy and then immediately brought him back to do a new Star Wars movie now too.  Lastly he’s a big swamp thing fan and this is a project he’s very passionate about, he’s not gonna come in an half ass it for a paycheck because this one of his passion projects. Getting guys who’re really passionate about something like Mangold is for swamp thing is a big positive as well.
He basically tweeted that he was interested the day after the slate announcement, but I don't think we had heard anything official that he was working on it since.
I don't trust Guillermo to write anything.  The man has incredible style as a director, his scripts are weak.
True.
Zaslav has a say because he’s the only person Gunn reports too, that being said I wouldn’t expect much interference because Zaslav is the one who hired Gunn and is totally onboard with his vision for the DCU. Seems there won’t be any WB executives Gunn has to worry about meddling with his shit. Zaslav making DC studios it’s own thing and making Gunn report to no other executives was a great decision
Fine by me. Paul Verhoeven hated the Starship Troopers book so much he didn't even finish it. As long as the adaptation is good, I'm in.
If this is true, I guess if there’s any movie for someone who doesn’t love comic book tropes and silliness, it might be a dark Swamp Thing movie. He can go for more of a horror and dark fantasy angle and omit the bulk of the standard CBM/Marvel formula.
Don’t think that really matters even if it’s true, he’s a swamp thing fan and this seems to be a passion project from him so I expect he will do the character justice
I'm so hyped about all three Star Wars movie announcements today. It feels for the first time in a while that there's direction.   Really hoping we get to see Ach-To, Ilum, and Jedha.
Okay I'll check Royale out
I didn’t know he did Cop Land. I was just talking about that movie an hour ago!
I was basically sure this was gonna happen. But Del Toro really likes JLDark also so hopefully they'll get him for that
Man, they may have wanted to word that where it didn’t seem like they were confused about who Mangold was
Forsure, 3:10 to Yuma and Ford v Ferrari are even better. Mangold is a very talented filmmaker and this is a great get for the DCU
I mean it’s one of the most acclaimed movies in the genre and he got an Oscar nom for it which is very rare for the genre. Swamp thing is in good hands with Mangold
Swamp Thing and Man-Thing were both ripping off The Heap when they were created and the market made room for them.
You got me at Oliver and Company. Very underrated movie.
I can't believe I never knew Mangold wrote Oliver. I adore that movie.
I watched his first film “Heavy” recently on Netflix and thought it was quite good as well if you haven’t seen it
Wow from Oliver & Company to Logan that has got be to the best thing ever he went from making Kids films to a Rated-R Film like damn.
I honestly think Gunn had already reached out before the slate was even announced and Mangold was just teasing his involvement. Gunn said Mangold was one of the first people he reached out to when they started charting DCU so sounds like he’s been involved for awhile even tho it took until now to get actual proof
This is crazy. He has a writing credit for almost every single movie he has ever made.  The guy has been twice nominated for an Academy Award for screenwriting. He also has won Best Picture and Best Director for a film that he co-wrote...
That's actually a good point. Crimson Peak had gorgeous visuals and a great atmospheric setting. But the writing was basically CW
"starts playing "a beautiful lie''"
Oh yeah me too. It’s just somewhat funny cause I have a feeling a lot of male comic book fans wouldn’t give a female director the same grace if she said that.
It’s good
Copland is super underrated, quality movie with a great cast
I just forgot wallace’s name 😭
the second half of logan is the goonies. it abandons it's earned r rating and becomes a trope machine with a good ending. i love the first half with my whole heart. the second half is uninspired
Awards nominations are often undeserved.  Many of his movies are entirely enjoyable and visually stunning, which makes people gloss over the faults.  Hellboy is great, but it has flaws.  The sequel is even more visually amazing, but the script sucks, and that was a huge disappointment because I hoped the rough edges of the first would be smoothed over by the second.  He is one of the best directors around and excels at visuals, pacing and atmosphere.  Writing a compelling script is a different skill set that he hasn't displayed, just like Shyamalan.  He also flaked out on the Hobbit.
I understand that but Crimson Peak is his sort of homage to the 60s Poe type horror / melodramas like the Roger Corman / Vincent Price stuff so for me it totally works
That's a bad point. Everyone has stinkers. Even then, I don't think *Crimson Peak* had a CW-level script.  Del Toro also wrote *Pan's Labyrinth* and co-wrote *The Shape of Water*. Both nominated for Best Screenplay. He wrote the *Hellboy* films and *Cronos.*  He also co-wrote or has a writing credit for almost every other film he has made.  Del Toro being a bad script writer is just an absolutely bonkers opinion.
i've never seen it but wiki calls it a "gothic romance" .....um is it any good? cause that sounds terrible to me
Yeah it has a stacked cast and Stallone is a standout in it. Haven’t seen it since it first came out on dvd back in the day but was really impressed with it.   Cool to find out that Mangold wrote/directed it.
Sorry but that's a ridiculous claim. You can't just brush off those nominations and say they are "undeserved." You're entitled to your opinion but your opinion is the opposite of, well, mostly everyone else- including the Academy.  >He also flaked out on the Hobbit.  More like the studio strung him along for a couple of years? Del Toro didn't release a film for five years because of that nonsense.
You’ll prob get hate for this but I don’t think you’re necessarily wrong. Plenty of examples of movies getting awards/noms over better movies, easiest example being shakespeare in love vs saving private ryan.  Shape of water imo was not a good screenplay or particularly great movie. Get out, lady bird, and three billboards were all much better films. Del Toro is a great director and a good but not great writer.
There are people who don’t like *The Shape of Water* and they’re still trying to speak on Guillermo smdh
It's a gothic romance in the very old sense of the word. Ghosts, lonely manors overlooking English moors, a bit of horror- usually centered around a young, single woman who is beginning to attract suitors, and architecture plays a central role.  It's a good film. I'd recommend watching it. It's visually beautiful.
It’s not really my type of movie but it’s definitely a well written movie and a super well directed project. GDT is a very solid writer and a great director.
In order from left to right:  Smaller head + Smaller eyes + Mouth  Smaller eyes + mouth  Just mouth  Original.  I'm still on team no mouth, but regardless it personally doesn't matter to me.  Edit: Thinking back I really didn't need to do this, Injustice 2 Blue Beetle is realistic enough and kinda says it all.
Looks like they made the right choice.
yeah that's terrifying
Sonic joined the chat
We didn’t need them to spend more of the films budget on a probably bad cgi mouth. Glad the money was spent somewhere better. The actual effects
This is why if we ever get a live action Batman Beyond film they should also forgo the mouth
Say it with me now: Not everything has to be comic accurate
No just no
Whaaadduhh heeeellll
No mouth was the way to go. The other make me think of movie Sonic ver 1.0
This is like when people want batman to have the white eyes. Sometimes it just looks better as is
Am I the only one who thinks it looks good?
They made the right choose not having it.
I really miss the mouth m.
Reminds me of Annoying Orange.
What dat mouth do tho 😉
Idk I think they could’ve made the mouth work
sonic flashbacks
Getting huge ugly sonic vibes
At $80 million, they're much better off doing the Deadpool thing of only animating the eyes
I don’t understand those complaints.  An alien suit with a mouth on it?    Dumb if you ask me, I know it exists in other media but come on if all things to look at.
I wish it could work, but it just does not
They made the right choice, and the suit looks great.
No thanks. I'm happy with what we got
Ugh its Trailer Version Sonic the Hedgehog bad.
Nightmare fuel
Looks like shit, hope this shuts the mouth people up.
Doesnt look the worst tbh the only nitpick i have is that tye head looks like a helmet, i like it better when it looks like its his own head idk how to explain it lol
That’s creepy but I kinda like it
Okay I’m actually happy about this. Looks horrifying asf. Makes the whole beetle suit seem like something really dangerous which it is
I actually like it.
Jfc dont do this again… we want people to stop clowning the DCU not give them more ammo
tbh i don’t hate it
Why are people obsessing about the mouth? Its weird even on the animated show
"Tried"
"it looks weird!!" Yeah, that's the point.
Cool I hate it
This looks terrible I don’t know why people want the mouth so bad
Hell No 😲
Helmet without mouth is much better. Having mouth &  eyes but no nose silhouette is throwing it off for me.
Yikes, like the return of ugly sonic
See… I kinda like the mouth *because* it’s horrific. This is alien tech.
Looks creepy as shit. Glad they made the correct choice.
Heroes in a half shell, turtle power.
this is awful lol
It'd probably be expensive and look weird tbh.  But I don't mind seeing him with his mouth
The mouth looks freaky af. Glad they didn’t do that
Yeah no looks like they did us right this time
Am I the only one that actually likes that? Looks like a unique and creepy alien suit.
Kinda looks like when they would put human mouths on dogs in old movies
Looks like jeepers creepers
It’s a no for me dawg.
Terrifying
Ya that’s a no from me dawg. They definitely made the right choice. It work in animation but definitely not in live action
Thanks for the nightmare fuel
Wow its ugly who wouldve thought
Yeah no mouth is better here
Sonic vibes
Yeah maybe it’s better to not lol
Remember that guy yesterday who demanded this be put in?! This is what he wanted, I'm howling 😂
Truly chilling
It looks like the reason why they didn't include the mouth.
No thank you!
It's weird because I still like the mouth lol. But it's just not practical nor do I think most people would react positively to it.
Nightmare fuel
Looks million times better without the mouth
I like it! Ya did good
I guess I'm the only one who think this actually looks good like this is literally how he look in the comic.
No mouth, oh god
no thank you.
It's just an image and i see some people disagree it i think this was still the way to go. While the Deadpool design "worked" it always felt like it was a little off and I think the mouth could work. I'd have to see an attempt in motion but this image is not that bad and the mouth fills the space properly.
I think I prefer without the mouth
Im just hoping they make him remove his mask everytime he speaks like in the latest Marvels
It’s a little creepy but I kind of like it
The only thing that’s kind of off to me is that his head is huge lol
I do not like it.
r/thanksihateit
The Injustice game justifies the artistic license for the movie.
Ew
Shit looks so bad. Not your photoshop, that lools good. But the whole mouth thing is just awful. I saw a clip of blue beetle from some game (maybe injustice?) And he had a mouth. Looked like a really crappy teletubby knockoff. Horrible design.
R/oddlyterrifying
I’m nearly 100% positive the studio already tried to see what the mouth would look like and ultimately decided it wouldn’t look right in live action. It’s probably for the best. Blue Beetle is mostly shown with a mouth in his appearances, so I have no doubt they tried it to see what it would look like.
Looks like a blue parademon
How do you pronounce his name?
Oooo don’t like that
oooo yeah nah...thanks for doing this though! i wanted this look but i don't think it works
Here it doesn’t look that bad imo but in motion it probably wouldn’t work. I feel like the mouth can’t coexist with the helmet. If they attempted the mouth I think doing what the MCU does with Vision could work.
Take this to r/nosleep where it belongs!
Your photoshop is good, but dropping the mouth for the movie was probably the right call.
W H Y
People who want this dont realise its as stupid as giving Black Panther a mouth
I’m sorry that you did that.
If they added the mouth just do it like Ultron. The suit is already alien biotech. There was nothing technically wrong with the effects of it on him except for the fact that it was on him. The desire for him form people was to be more Terminator esque, less human.   These manips never convince anyone of anything they didn't already believe. Executing certain things comes down to having the intention to do it and everything else being intended around it as well.   Same with white eyes on batman and the mouth on batman beyond. You can't just blanket say they will never work lol. That's the logic that would keep superheroes from ever being on screen
I'm glad you put it to rest for those thinking a mouth was needed
In conclusion, all small.
I can’t really see much of a difference between those three left images.
I think the issue here is going for human teeth. If there was going to be a mouth, the teeth would need to match thr suit in looking artificial. Going for actual human teeth just makes it look unnerving.   It's going to be the same problem they'll face if they ever do a Batman Beyond film. Going too anatomically correct with the facial features, more natural curved lines along the brow and cheekbones is just going to look off-putting. What they'll need to do is lean more into the idea of it being tech. Going for that more artificial look on the features, with hard and sharp lines along the brow and cheekbones. More like Keatons cowl than Afflecks. Leaning more into the artificial look should make something like the full face mask with the mouth more palatable in the live action medium.
It would require a dedicated team just for the mouth and probably saved them a million or two of painstaking cgi.
[Those teeth...](https://media.tenor.com/l41c3crD5JkAAAAC/ugly-sonic-chip-n-dale-rescue-rangers.gif)
My guess is the only way to realistically do it is with makeup/prosthetics on Xolo. It would require a dedicated team just for the mouth and probably saved them a million or two of painstaking cgi.
Flash jumping forward to meet Terry would be cool.
Or should they go the horror movie route?
This is why I am skeptical on the white eyes for Batman. I would rather have the eyes that help the actor better express emotions than the blank whiteness.
Oooooohhhhh maaaahhh gahhhhdd
Likkkkkaaaa summmmm-booowwwww-deeeeehhhh!
Batman white eyes can absolutely work, despite what some simple-minded people say.
White contact lenses could work tbh  But not sure if thw actor would be able to see at all
I don't get this complaint cause I don't think anyone wants him to have them on ALL the time just have them when he's using detective mode or fghting.
Yeah i think it looks great too.
I’m with you buddy
Yeah but in this case weird doesn't translate to good. Some things work better on paper than they do in live action.
Honestly doesn't look that bad, they'd just need to give it lips and some sort of nose pointed structure so it doesn't look as whoville as in the games.
Guess they learned from Justice League
Naaaah, Batman Beyond needs big budget Blade Runner vibes not horror
Horror movie...for a High School teenager who dresses up like a Bat and fights crime while joking and making fun villains...what?
If they use it as a radar mode that turns on an off like in Batwoman Season 1, I think it's fine. As long as it's not there all the time. Or make the lenses expressive like they did with MCU Spidey and the thatrical Deadpool
I'm still team white eyes but only if they make the pupils near white (in universe contact lenses) rather than the Deadpool style. This way we can still see him make eye expressions.
Idk though, the white eyes worked fine for Deadpool and he’s much more likely to express any kind of emotion than Batman.    Like, I don’t really have a horse in this race, I genuinely couldn’t care less either way. But I see no reason why the white eyes wouldn’t work.
Nooooo Waaaayaaaaayyyyyy
Sure it can work, but there's no need for it. It's like giving sonic teeth
I Deadpool moveble eyes
Yea it's not offensive to me like some peoples reactions to this, it's just my preference to not have it. I do think they could make it work with a dedicated team of designers/artists, they definitely could land on something.  I wanna see a cosplayer with skills in prosthetics to try it out, see what it really looks like besides a still image I made. Though they would have to mouth breathe
so what you're saying is they should have left him his moustache?
Deadpool’s expressions are more cartoony and goofy. Batman’s emotions are more subtle and need the extra eye movement.
There is a need for it. It emphasizes the entire POINT of Batman
100% agree.
I Dont agree at all with this point, but curious to see why the non presence of eyes is so key to Batman
If they give him the white eyes, every climax batman would lose his mask so the character could emote. It limits what they can do so much.
Because "Batman" is the absence of humanity. The eyes are the window to the soul, and when there are no eyes, it creates the desired Inhuman effect that the character *should have, that Bruce wants to have on criminals.   We've never had a truly creepy looking Batman
That’s now how I view Batman at all.  It’s actually his humanity that makes him so interesting.  Knowing there is an actual human being that is willing to don e things he does and keep pushing is far more interesting than making him soulless. White eyes on Spider-Man and Deadpool cool.  Both characters have fulll face covered and are extremely animated physically.  Batman is not. He would look like a weird mouth breather if you couldn’t see his eyes
Sure he would.
I don’t buy it.  If it works for you cool, but the actor can do a ton with his eyes that would downgrade the experience if you couldn’t see them for me
Actors don't need their eyes.
3 looks cool
I think they'll mix the two teams. Kind of like the early 2000s Titans
I hope they kinda do what the DCAMU and Titans TV did. They weren't all the same age. Basically, Nightwing and Starfire played mom and dad.
i fell that the problem with the teen titans don't have a  place in the comics, like they're a team without identity the JL dark fights magic enemies, The Green Lantern Corps are the space police, The Justice League fights treats to the world ... and  the Teen Titans... fight treats to the world too? like they need an identity as a group not just being the mini justice league
I’m not really a fan of sidekicks so the less of them the better!   I’d say if we do get a Teen Titans, it’ll be similar to the one from the animated films (ie Nightwing, Starfire and Cyborg are older and training the younger heroes like Blue Beetle, Beast Boy, Raven and Terra)
Legacy is very stupid. Especially in a serious setting. Why would heroes build an army of kids?
No reason to assume the Titans exist yet, or that the history of this universe is the same as the comics.
If introduce the titans in the dcu, I want the rooster to be the original character created for the titans: Cyborg  Beast boy  Raven  Terra Jericho  Bumble bee  Vox Hotspot  Argent   I don't want them to make them copy of the jl members, I don't want them to be a team of sidekicks.    As for Starfire, they should keep her for the cosmic side of dcu, she should be part of the L. E. G. I. O. N or the Omegamen
Slide 3?
That’s because Dan Mora is a great artist
It’s not that serious dude, we’re talking about comic books
If a kid like Wally West turns up with powers in a world where monsters like Amanda Waller exist would it be better to let him run amok until he hurts someone or himself, or train him to do good while watching over him? The concept of sidekicks and mentors in comic books are more than just “child soldier”
Except it isn't stupid. If heroes do what they do, there will be many complications. It would be a big help if they had partners or proteges to continue their work if the worst happens. Just because the setting is serious doesn't mean it can't be outlandish. It's not that cut and dry as an army of kids, but ome good reason is because those kids are capable heroes.
Yupper
why not both?
Seems like 'both' should be an option here, as I like a variety.  The Timmverse I thought struck a good balance with Justice League and Unlimited, where you had darker episodes like A Better World or Question Authority, and then there where much lighter episodes like The Great Brain Robbery.  It doesn't just need to be one or the other all the time.
Why cant there be a balance
BOTH dc isn’t like other superheroes universe, it has the potential to be both
Ah yes, the two genders of cinematic experience.
A tone that is appropriate for an individual character applied in a way that makes sense.  Like a lighthearted Superman movie would maybe be more action/adventure-tinted and not like a comedy.
Honestly i prefer if its like Gunns way, i like TSS because it was light but had a dark tone with adult humor. Like that scene in the Starro building freaked me out.
It should depend on the character.  Not everyone is Batman, and a lot of characters get ruined when you try to turn them into Batman.  But at the same time, not all characters are The Suicide Squad.  And you can easily ruin a character that way, too.
Depends entirely on the character / movie.
Well written / acted film tones
Why are humans so binary
Depends what movie it is,i want dark batman movies, a traditional supes, which you would say light.
Dude it’s superheroes. Washed out, dark color tones suck for that.   There are definitely some projects that a darker color palette will work such as Hellblazer, Swamp Thing, JL Dark, etc. So the look needs to fit the project, but if you’re talking about DC’s main heroes, it generally needs to be colorful.
Depends on the movie… contrast is key.
Just give me a life action hopeful Superman. So upset we didn’t really get to see Henry Cavill play that version of the character. We don’t need to introduce Superman and then make him evil.
I think comic movies tend to be better when there is some levity and colour, but movies like The Batman show that there are exceptions. Depends on the heroes and the story being told.
I just want them to be good. 🙏
Both   Light tone for Superman movies  Dark tone for batman, swamp thing movies
Both, It’s not black or white you know, it depends on the plot, the character, and the general vibe.
People saying “dark”… do you guys read DC comics lol.
I appreciate how most of the comments are people saying both and realizing that it doesn't have to be one or the other.   Obviously it depends on the characters and the stories.  Batman, Swamp Thing, Constantine, etc., can be darker while Superman, Wonder Woman, Blue Beetle, etc. can be lighter.  The best part is that depending on the story being told, they can change tones when needed. Superman can have darker moments, while Swamp Thing can have moments of levity/brightness, etc.  These are complex characters and they don't need to be beholden to having a singular tone, as long as they maintain the characteristics of their comic book counterparts.
Everyone’s saying dark but forget we have James Gunn
Depends on the character. Blue Beetle should feel like Spider-Man and not The Batman for instance.
Something in the realm of Burton’s Batman films, which were fantastical but both dark and fun.  I just want to see more imagination on display in terms of the world building.
Blue beetle is already giving off a much lighter tone than previous films. They've already proven they can succeed with dark movies. Now, they need to prove the light-hearted genre. The one that I would say other than blue beetle that has done this correctly would be WW1
I want the tone to be balanced enough to capture  DC’s classic “Gods Among Men” philosophy, which historically in the comics has honestly benefited from both options.
I would like to be able to see what is on the screen, so I guess I'm fine with dark as long as they use contrast appropriately
Both. Have a general light tone as most of these characters are for everyone of all ages, but do dark when it needs to be dark. Some characters and stories are meant to be light and some are meant to be dark.    Look at other DC works or franchises like Star Wars, Marvel, and Harry Potter. They do not have one tone. They are for everyone in general, but flow into different tones given the stories being told.
Let the tone be appropriate for the character. Superman doesn't need to be dark. It doesn't work for every character
Both. Some characters should be dark and some should be light. Whatever is accurate to the character.
It is always depending on the hero.  I would like a lighter, hopeful Superman movie. At the same time, I better get a dark Swamp Thing
Both are great but Dark settings can still have light tones with humor and such.
I don’t think it needs to be dark, but it can still be serious.  It doesn’t have to be dark knight each movie, but I would prefer less quips
Even though I voted dark, I want both.
Both. Idk why that isn't an option but that's the only answer. You can't have a light Batman the same way you can't have a dark Superman. You have to have a mixture. These characters can't all be the same tone.
The great thing about DC is that you can have all these interchangeable tones. Batman can be dark, and Superman can be light.
Balanced that’s what DC is balance. Dark doesn’t work for every character. And light doesn’t work with every character. It is a balanced based on what specific source material is being used
Both. Also, TSS isn't bright and sunshine lol. It's comedic, but it's also very dark.
A mix of both would be best. It doesn't need to be overly light hearted 5 jokes a minute like in the MCU but a balance can definitely be made.
Both.  DC isn’t a monolithic entity in terms of tone.  Some characters (most notably Batman) are generally best served by a darker tone, but a lot of other characters are on the lighter end of the tonal spectrum like Supes.  It’s best to have a mix and just make the movies tonally appropriate for the character they’re adapting instead of trying to do a one size fits all approach and trying to make every character super dark and morose.
Not dark ,not light,I want medium tone.
Dark bc whenever they do light it ends up being campy like Black Adam and Blue beetle from the trailers
“Both” every film can be subjective when it comes to tone, (the thing is if you stick to one specific tone for your universe you put yourself in a box) Similar to how Marvel puts a lighter tone in the majority of their movies (you start to lose an audience over time as viewers will get tired of a repetition)
I just want good movies no matter the tone
The current poll results do not reflect these comments. Most chose "Dark". The comments are whining about "Both"  Nobody asked you if you wanted both. That wasn't the damn question.
Definitely dark. DC only succeeded in comics in modern times by going dark. Death of Robin and Superman and Supergirl (Crisis), crippling of Batgirl, breaking Batman's back, Watchmen, Vertigo, Dark Knight Returns, Hal Jordan going evil, Aquaman getting a beard and a hook hand, Superman killing Zod and his cronies, etc. This is when people finally started paying attention to DC again, years after Marvel had turned them into something only children would bother to look at. That's what DC needs to succeed. You want a failed DC film universe, put a funny flying dog in it.
DC is dark u cant have batman in a comedic movie or team up movie!
Prefer it leaning towards Dark. But it’s James Gunn so I feel like it’s going to take a pretty hard turn towards light and silly. I hope not. But we’ll see.
Why can't there be something in the middle in this case?
It's entirely dependent on the character they're adapting
It can easily be both. Some projects can be light while others are dark
Either when they are appropriate.
A good balance of both
That’s the thing about DC is that it has such a wide variety of characters and stories, to fit it all under one tone (light or dark) would be a disservice to it. There’s enough space to fit the more darker stories of Batman, Swamp Thing, or The Authority while still having the more lighthearted ones like Blue Beetle, Booster Gold, or even Superman. DC is a rainbow of tone and style, let the movies reflect that rather than restricting them to one or the other.
Both
Thing is that they are doing both and that's what they have been doing all along with the dceu (visually, tonally, rating).
Middle ground.
A healthy mix, start light, go into dark, back into dark
How about (Stay with me here) we have both! AND somewhere in between.
I like dark tones better cuz I'm emo and it just resonates to me more. 😂
My biggest complaint with much of the DCEU was the tendency to plaster "dark" onto just about everything. I really don't want a dark and gritty Superman movie any more than I want a light & fluffy Batman movie.
Say it with me. "what ever tone is appropriate for the character and story?!!!!" Things don't need to be homogeneous.
The whole Cadmus storyline is what I want to see. It’s right in the gray area to me.
Well put! I was thinking along the same lines. A light hearted comedic film could showcase someone like Plastic man or Shazam with his zany supporting cast of characters (Tawky Tawn, etc)
I thought TSS was great, Gunn actually got the characters, TSS don't save the world, Waller uses them to steal or cover shit up, the first SS movie i kept thinking where's the JL.
Definitely.  I think MOS definitely suffered from trying to take tonal cues from Nolan’s Bat-films and apply them to Superman.  It just wasn’t a fit for the character or what most people think of when they think of Superman.
Tribalism.  It’s still engrained in all of us, and for for some reason we’ve never grown out of it lol
Agreed.  It just depends on the character tbh
Hardcore agreed here.  Some characters definitely work best dark, but Superman?  Flash?  Aquaman?  No, definitely not.
Nobody read them until they introduced tons of dark story lines in the 1980s. The Death of Robin alone was massive hype.
Seems like everyone is saying we need both.
What about Aquaman?
It's violent, but it's not dark in tone at all.
We talking the same guy who's teamed up with among other characters: Plasticman, The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and Scooby Doo?
I love that it used the Justice Lords and especially The Question to explore the darker sides of Superman. "I was mistaken earlier.  I think **this** is the part where you kill me."  All for Superman to ultimately reject being that person at his moment of crisis.  Such a good series.
Deep down, we still have the mentality of cavemen. It explains why society is still so barbaric yet we pretend that it’s not due to technology.
Thats it, you cant just make a whole universe dark or light.
Very true.  As intellectually evolved as we are, we go absolutely apeshit really quickly lol
Yes! It would probably need to be a bit later in Green Arrows career tho. Probably the third movie? What do you think?
Stephen Amell in a Green Arrow Supermax movie was such a massive missed opportunity. Even if it was still made by CW, it could’ve been an awesome tv movie event and considering it’s all one location the budget limitations wouldn’t have been that noticeable and it could’ve come out ok.   Put it on the pile of missed opportunities.
He will not.
i just wanna see green arrow being in movies i been waiting for years
I'd rather a Batman: Arkham Asylum movie with his rogue gallery
Should probably lean into Green Arrow's own rogues gallery, rather than borrowing too many from Batman.
Nope, Gunn DC is basically adapting films based on certain comics so to lean on characterization done in them. I don’t see him reviving this whatsoever
Could also be used with a different lead. It's a very Gunn type project and something of a different flavor, which is what he's been going for with the slate. I'd enjoy it personally
This is one of the best GA stories ever. I love the script. He shouldn’t get a by the numbers origin film, jump right into it
Or just stick him in the Suicide Squad as a Flagg replacement
Not gonna lie, doesn't sound very good.
I hope he doesn’t.
How would he get a bow into prison?
Nah just make the damn thing. People be dying before any of this shit gets off the ground because nerds keep crying about wanting things done the "right" way
I mean, Season 7 was basically Supermax-lite
I'd have it be like Dante's Inferno. Each floor is filled with crazier and crazier people until he gets to people who are barely human like Clayface. then the final floor, the ninth circle, is The Joker.
I would think just DC villains in general. I wouldnt want to see it inundated with just Batman villains.
So if it was a comic book, that'd give him the validation to make it into a movie? Its a great idea for a film, comic adaptation or not
And it'd be an interesting start to his character, casual audiences might think he's just another villain being put away, until they slowly discover he's actually a hero.  In fact, the whole film could be just a story about some guy named Oliver Queen, being put into prison for a crime, and the twist reveal is that he's actually the Green Arrow hero at the end, thus setting up the next sequel where he's a proper hero/vigilante.
He would probably make one from broken chair legs and some rope or something. He survived on an island for 5 years, prison would be a cake walk.
You need a certain amount of set-up for this story to payoff. That has nothing to do with "nerds" "Crying" about wanting things done "right". Not entirely sure why you are being so negative.
so, Dredd but with Batman? Take all my money!
Your line of thinking is why it doesn't already exist.
Yeah in this movie people would learn his secret identity
Exactly. W comment
Agreed , just look at all the villains that were teased but never happened … Sinestro, Darkseid (never got resolution to the story), Black Adam vs Shazam, Mister Mind, etc;  Don’t save anything for later,  go for it. Introducing the character to audiences was a primary objective of the script, but it doesn’t dwell on his origin. It’s exactly the type of story we need right now. Not another generic origin like BB. Plus we already have Arrow.
it just fits a 2nd or third movie better for sure. Not saying it cant be done in 1st movie. Skip the origin etc which they should do for hopefully more of these movies.  But it just works better as a third movie or something like that. Intro a few villains across a few movies and have them be in this prison. Makes the conflict more fun.
Your line of thinking is what led to the studio rushing out a Justice League movie.
Exactly. John wick completely shits on all these "proper set up, characters need to be introduced, save it for the sequels" nonsense that people keep pushing. The reason spin offs and prequels were a thing to begin with is because people were actually interested in those things because the thing they were initially a part of was good and wasn't saving anything for later.   Look at Hawkman and Fate from Black Adam. People want and would see more content with them because that were cool and caught your interest. You don't need to know anything deep about them to know you'd be interested in more.   Green Arrow is a vigilante super hero Billionaire. No one's ever heard of that before lol. Gotta make a boring play by play origin movie that everyone has seen and is tired of just with names and colors swapped around.   He's a hero/vigilante. Everyone knows what that entails; has a suit, has villains, puts them in prison. He's a Billionaire, is he a public hero or does he hide it? Oh looks like he was a secret vigilante and is now going to prison because of it, so his identity is out and he's locked up with tons of people that hate him. I'd like to see how that plays out.   All that stuff is instantly inferred by a quick plot synopsis or a 30 second teaser. Joe schmoe doesn't need anything but an interesting movie and comic fans really need to get that shit through their heads.
It's completely unnecessary though. The movie itself is the way to introduce villains and characters. Everyone nowadays is so worried about setting stuff up for a payoff when the movie itself is fine. If it was just an original character being sent to prison to battle against a bunch of unique enemies it'd be fine, but because it'd be Green Arrow people create false expectations and try to set up a whole series of films rather than just making one interesting one.  Take The Batman for example. People rightfully love the film, but many were complaining there was no origin for Pattinson and likewise were too concerned about what characters could be in the future instalment rather than just enjoying the film for what it is.
Nope  And ZSJL is good so I'm glad I have that
No thank you, a montage will be enough if something is required.
You wild. They need to stop doing origin movies period. They're pretty much all the same and it's becoming an issue.
No more origin movies please!!
Hell to the no, we already got enought of batman origin story done 8n movies and enought of batman year 1 movies (the batman was batman in his early years).  A batman who has already been established for years is a good idea for the dcu.
Across movies and TV, live action and animation, Batman's parents getting killed is the most adapted scene in the history of comic books. Anyone who cares about Batman knows. Anyone who *doesn't* care knows. It would just be an unnecessary waste of runtime.
I think we\`ve seen enough of the alley scene, even your average movie goer knows.
People like you are the reason why we've seen more dead bodies in Crime Alley in every Batman project than the past 3 movies involving scenes where soldiers storm the beach at Normandy in WWII.  JFC 🤦‍♂️
Certain people here went from complaining daily that Affleck was already Batman for 20 years to being absolutely accepting of the Gunnverse Batman being Batman for 20 years the moment James Gunn said that he would be, which is reflected in the heavy downvoting you received. My condolences.
This argument is so funny to me because I recall everyone wanting to see Batfleck’s origin…
Especially with Batman. Even my grandma knows his origin story.
fr i wanna see other heroes too you know how many superman and batman movies do we need
Which is why i think Gunn has picked Damien as Robin, its Batman at his peak, the new DCU elseworld stories can do that, the Batman year 2, the Batman 2 i hope 4 or 5 years have passed. If we do get a penguin spin off that can fill in what's been happening in Gotham.
Whenever a new Batman is introduced, they should never skip that scene entirely. There will always be people who are seeing this superhero for the first time, so a montage or flashback should always be included, even if they don't portray the entire thing. It's a vital part of the character that we should be reminded of. The fact that after 3 movies, people still didn't know if Uncle Ben was part of the MCU Spider-Man's origin or not was utterly inexcusable.
I just want a happy medium.   I don’t want a Bruce Wayne who is just showing up as Batman and in his first year.  I *also* don’t want a Batman who’s 20+ years into his career  with a dead Robin, a burned down mansion, and getting drug out of retirement.   Is it too much to ask for a year 5–10 Batman who is firmly established and in his prime?
Really? "Everyone"?  Please stop generalizing to make what you think is a valid point.
Synder fans are a tiny minority, not everyone
Shazam, Aquaman, Wonder Woman all were great.
Mine doesn't so you are oppressive to my grandma for not wanting her to learn Batman lore!
Agreed
Yes lmfao
A main criticism of the movie was “why was Batman acting this way we needed to see what made him so mean”…but ok let’s play revisionist history. This isn’t a Snyder fan thing, I was happy with the movie. This is what people said who disliked the movie. But of course, you already made up your mind so it doesn’t really matter
Man, the amount of disappointment and betrayal I felt after watching BvS is just immeasurable! I was and am a Batman fans, even since I was a toddler, it was one of the first toys I ever had! I never made up my mind of hating, I watched it on the first day, first show! So don’t dare say I made up my mind on hating it!   Synder should have been immediately fired for ruining such an iconic character
Has it been 15 days already, I was left under the impression that we are narrowing Liz Wonder - Wonder Woman cosplay post to 2 a month 😂
Purely from an aesthetic POV, if you told me she’d play Wonder Woman in the DCU, I would be on board with it.
Damn how many times is she gonna get posted lol ? It’s always the same
Gal Gadot has brown eyes, and they make Diana look nice.  Blue eyes make Diana look nice and a little more fierce.
Cast her!
Yeah I was about to say the same thing. If she could act and get jacked I'd 100% welcome her in the role
...well, a different pose this time!  See:  [ r/DC_Cinematic/comments/11ugs4n/wonder_woman_cosplay_by_liswonder/ ]  ...or a different outfit:  [ r/pics/comments/qxrr8z/wonder_woman_in_a_red_dress_by_lis_wonder/ ]  Even a different character:  [ r/DC_Cinematic/comments/118hsk5/supergirl_cosplay_by_lis_wonder/ ]
Gal was no Carrol Burnett
To be fair, I (also) like these two:  [ https://i.redd.it/690phlnsu4s91.jpg ]  [ https://i.redd.it/6ncb5wiiqqq91.jpg ]
That's why this time you would want someone who could act, wouldn't you ?
Yes to look like the characters can be anyone to actually act and make it believable is another
BvS did fail at being a good movie tough. Some really nice visuals but all kinds of meh.
The Deadline article isn't just about box office. It includes ALL revenue the movies made, including home video, merchandise, etc.  It's not an idea that The Batman made more money. It made more money, according to Deadline.
BvS and JL harmed Batman and Dc as brand. People were skeptical to the Batman because of this and didn't want to see it. BvS got a massive drop atfter it's first week. The Batman not. That's a good indicator the batman is well recived by the audience.  The same thing happens to the suicide sqaud too. The first on was such a clusterfuck that many people don't want to see the second.
To be honest, judging by the critical and audience reception, BvS was indeed less popular than The Batman. The word of mouth killed BvS, as the massive second week drop shows.  I don’t want to be rude or presumptions about how you feel, but I get the feeling that you are just looking for ways to excuse a film that you prefer (BvS). Yeah, The Batman sold less tickets but it was released during the pandemic (albeit the last legs of it) and with a HBO premiere looming.  Then you mention the budget thing as an example of how its profit is not that impressive. But you can easily then think that considering its great budget, BvS needed to make more money.  At the end of the day, whether you like it or not, the numbers are there, and The Batman was a more profitable film than BvS.
The "failure" is the missed potential. BvS had horrible box office drops, comparable to what the new Ant Man movie has been doing. It opened in the same ballpark as Age of Ultron and then dropped like a rock.   What makes the fact worse is that WB had bet the entire Justice League franchise on this one movie.
Batman 89, sold more tickets then The Dark Knight Rises. Wouldn't that make every Batman film since, less successful according to your logic?
people don't say that BvS lost studio money. i think BvS was just a big dissapointment in terms of the Box office. not a flop by any means. just a disappointment because, let's be real, a movie that came out during pandemic with only batman in it made just 100 mil less than a movie that came out long before the pandemic, when the superhero movies were on the rise and it had Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman in it.
Failure is not defined by total gross, and it is not 100% defined just by profit either, but HOW it achieves said profit. The Batman grossed $248.5M in its opening weekend, and only suffered a 50% drop (A fairly standard number) afterwards. The film had a reasonable opening given its massive runtime and Post-COVID Box Office recovery, and healthy legs.  Dawn of Justice, meanwhile, scored $422M in its opening weekend. Which is insane, a number that would've sent any film with good WoM towards a billion dollars. It fell 69% in its second weekend, the worst major CBM box office drop in history until Quantumania managed to top it. BvS shouldn't have just done "well" going by its opening weekend, it should've soared past a billion with no trouble. BvS had no legs whatsoever, it tanked out of toxic WoM and horrid reviews. Even if BvS was lower budget and made more profit than The Batman, if this is still how its B/O went, it'd still be a disappointment by any reasonable measure because its legs indicate one thing about all else.  Furthermore, let's talk about Justice League for a moment. Justice League's opening weekend was $280M. Given the fact that JL was only 2 hours, and it was Pre-COVID, that number should've been so much more. Not $422M, but more than $280M. For the time and context, that was a pretty bad opening. And that was *before* we knew about how much Whedon changed. Before we knew what was bad about JL *specifically*. That number was based entirely on pre-existing hype. Hype that was far, far lower than it had been before BvS. People didn't just dislike JL, they weren't excited for it to begin with. And that speaks to the failure of previous films more than it does about itself.  Finally, and yes this is the thing irritating me most, it's Zac**K**. With a K.
Because it was in theaters for 45 days and BvS was in theaters for 3 months.             After 45 days - it was sent to HBOMax. Where it's now the biggest HBOMax film to date.            What is not clicking for you?            Fact is - Matt Reeves' The Batman is more profitable than all of Zack Snyder's DC run. Even Watchmen combined.
The idea is that The Batman made more money and therefore a greater success for the studios.  Profit is WB's ultimate goal, not gross ticket sales.
True, but if we are going on data and details , we can also consider ;  BVS released 2016 - CBMs were smashing it at the box office - first DC shared universe movie, sold 100+++M more   The Batman released post pandemic 2022, dozen of cinema chains out of business, just a Batman movie, no crossover appeal and box office draw, sold less tickets, but made more gross/net profit for WB, overall state of the genre is going down due to several lower quality productions that hit during and after the pandemic..  So, let’s not rush to bash Reeves’s lack of a 100 M! He can beat BVS on his second movie probably !
Studios only care about profit, nothing you say matters to them.  Also, BvS is considered a box office disappointment. Anyone with box office knowledge can tell you that it underperformed, it should not be making less gross profit than the croods. It also was on track to make more profit with how high the opening weekend was, but WOM was so bad that it had a huge second weekend drop.   It's still better than flopping, but you shouldn't be saying that about a batman vs superman movie either.
Quit simping for Snyder. He doesn't care about you.
The truth neither side is ready to accept, is that the movies are more similar than different in the eyes of the GA. Neither is a four quadrant film, with The Batman being even less popular with 3/4 of the GA (women, children, and families). Both are dark, violent, long, kinda slow moving, and require more thought to engage with than most comic book movies.  WB essentially gave the reins of Batman to a guy who had more similarities than differences in his vision for Batman, they just gave him less money and had tighter control over advertising costs (because unlike many here they recognized it’s not four quadrant film and prepared for it).
I love BvS UC. The Batman was OK for me. I am comfortable with liking certain movies more than the general masses. I think a lot of the hate for BvS was skewed by the fact that Marvel had firmly set the tone for what super hero moves should be at that time. That's not to say BvS is perfect or doesn't have problems. It not and it does. But I enjoy it for what it is and what could have been. ZSJL shows us that much more was possible. But it's not what the masses want. BvS was treated unfairly when so many other movies get free passes when they have similar issues. Every Batman movie ever will do well. If they made a Ben Affleck Batman. It will do well. BvS also had misleading marketing which affected word of mouth. The GA expected a showdown between Batman and Superman. That's not even close to what the movie was. But it was marketed the same way something like Freddy v Jason was. So when people ask about the movie and you answer "well the kinda fought but not really and then CGI monster and Martha" that's kind of not good lol. The movie needed different marketing and a different name. I think BvS has its place. I like it more every time I watch it. It is what it is. But it's not smart to think had the pandemic not happened that The Batman would not have hit a Billion easily. It's fucking Batman. It's a bulletproof franchise.
Another fact often ignored when measuring BvS’s success: Both MoS and BvS made around $160M each, respectively, in product placement deals before they even released.
Pretty much this.  The Batman generated tons of excitement to the point where the new regime is leaving it completely alone and the word “Clayface” trended at #1 on Twitter for the better part of a day just on the mere rumor that it might be the bad guy in the new movie. People are over the moon about what is gonna happen next in that universe.  On the other hand, Batman vs Superman landed with such a thud that the only reason it even got a sequel was because it was already filming and too late to pull the plug. By an extremely large margin the biggest contribution that movie has made to culture is the word “Martha” used as a mocking joke.
The amount of disappointment and betrayal I felt after watching this movie is so high that I hated everything in my life for one week! I never felt anything like this for any movie! It was honestly a disaster! WB should have immediately fired Synder and rebooted the franchise
Wtf is your point? Read the post. Stop creating arguments that don't exist.
You just pulled that straight out of your ass with zero data or anything at all to back that up. You can't just say shit. Lol  There were multiple DC movies that did well with critics and audiences, that did better than Batman v Superman. So? No. It didn't stop anyone from seeing the next movies at all. We have data for that.
When The Batman 2 again fails to make a billion what are you going to do? Continue blaming a movie from 2016? See I already know the answer, it was a rhetorical question.
BvS was also significantly more hyped than the Batman. People were expecting BvS to be huge, they were skeptical and unsure about the batman.
Seen by less people = more popular.  Only on r/DC_Cinematic.
No, they'd be your logic. Never have I said anything remotely similar to what you just implied. At all.
Did you just unironically try to claim it matters how they made profit? Lmfao. No it doesn't?? What you said means nothing to the post I have made what so ever and is just a bunch of dribble you made up on the spot.   Both Batman v Superman and the Batman made a fuck ton of money and we're both successful. That's what happened. Lmao.   Why the hell do you think we are getting venom 3???? See how that destroys your entire argument instantly??
This is incredibly silly. No, it doesn’t matter HOW it achieves its profit. How incredibly naive.  Let me guess, you’re one of those types that downplays the box office success of Aquaman, Venom, etc because they had higher international grosses than domestic.
Why are you all creating arguments and addressing points I. Have. Not. Made.  No one is arguing profit is less important lmao. No one.
The irony is immense lmfao. Find something to do.
🫡  “This is a significant misstep for the DC brand,” said Doug Creutz, senior media and entertainment analyst for Cowen & Company. “They’ve damaged their credibility with their audience. I’m not saying they can’t recover, but their next few movies had better be really good.”   https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/business/disney-v-warner-how-captain-america-beat-batman-and-superman.html
Why so serious?
BvS got a sequel, but it was heavily messed with both before, during, and after production. Why? It's not because the studio is just evallll, it's not because studios ever give a sh\*t about critics, it's because of BvS' terrible legs and embarrassing drop.  If all that mattered was pure numbers, that wouldn't have happened. If all that mattered was pure numbers, Studio Squad and Josstice League would not exist.
EXACTLY. It's like, why the fuck do these people think they are making venom 3? Because it has an audience who likes it and consistently makes them money lol. Critics be damned.
And no one is arguing that Batman vs Superman sold more tickets.  No one.  Who are you arguing against?  What point do you think you're making by mentioning that Batman vs Superman sold more tickets?
Mind pointing out the irony, tough guy?
Except no one's making that argument! Lol.   Point is, people were trashing Batman v Superman as a failure at the box office while holding the Batman up as the more popular movie by some huge margin. When none of that is true. By a LARGE margin.   Over 100 million dollars more is not a small margin in difference in tick sales either.
"quit simping for everything not Zach Snyder" "quit attacking everyone who says anything that can even be implied as positive about Zach Snyder or his movies".   You're the one being petty and being a fan boy. You came here and went out for your way to post that comment WHILE making some moronic assumptions. You have zero self awareness what so ever.  My blatant facts triggered you. Clearly.
So, in other words, you don't know what irony is.
The POST is not making that argument. You poeple are making comments that have nothing to do with the post, or are creating points and arguments I never made ever.  You guys ASSUME an argument I have made, then make a comment to argue that, with the air. For some sort of weird imaginary W against someone not making that argument in the first place.   I am not arguing which was better received. Just that people can't seem to actually read the numbers and see why one made more than the other! Lol. And that was not ticket sales, it was budget. That's the ONLY point I am making.
Ahahahaha. Wow! Do I need to quote the definition for you?   James Gunn doesnt care about youuu, Matt reeves doesn't care about youuuu.   Look up the definition before you embarrass yourself.
Deleted  Sorry for making assumptions and misreading
Where did I simp for Matt Reeves like you simped for Snyder and his terrible movies?
Thanks you. Everyone is assuming I'm arguing that Batman v Superman is the better movie lol. I am not. Just pointing out that a lot of people are misreading the data. I think it's important the WHY of something like this.   I like The Batman better. I do lol. Truly is not the point of the post. I think it's GOOD they've started making smaller budget movies that can afford to sell less tickets but have a specific audience in mind. It's what I despise about marvel the most, that they have to pander to every demographic under the sun.
SEE, THAT'S THE IRONY lol. I did not say a god damn thing about the quality of Zach Snyder's DC movies what so ever.
Figured you were just arguing about audience thoughts and not your personal opinion on the movies, for what that's worth.
Okay, but that's not irony.
Birds Of Prey is fine, it's a fun watch, I'd ignore the others
Birds of Prey is far, far above the rest of these lol. Even if you have problems with BoP, it's far more competently made than JWJL or SS, and a far easier watch than the 2.5 hr slog of WW84.
I loved Birds of Prey. It's not terribly faithful to its source material, but if you don't mind that it's a lot of fun. And the stunt team is some of the same as John Wick, so the fight scenes are cool as hell.
Birds of Prey is super fun!  Skip the rest
BoP gets a bad rap. Cassandra Cain kinda got screwed up in the adaptation machine but otherwise it’s good fun. The rest, nah don’t bother
Suicide Squad 1 - It's bad, but it has a couple neat moments. Fun to sit and make fun of.  Justice League - ZSJL is far superior, but there are 1 or 2 moments that I still like from it actually. Good to watch just to see exactly what changed in the SnyderCut.  WW84 - god no.  Birds of Prey - it was fun. I was very disappointed in it overall though. Maybe watch it to check it off your list, but personally I wouldn't put it in my marathon lineup.
Birds of Prey should not be on here. It may not be for everyone but it’s a much better made film than the rest of the bunch.
No.  The least worst one is BOP.
Birds of PRey and '84 are actually good though. Squad and Theatrical JL are technical garbage
i’d skip ww84 , but then again I’ve tried 3 times and can’t get through it still.   Suicide Squad was my favorite of the 4, then Justice League.
No to all but BoP
lots of people dislike birds of prey, but i dont think thats because its a bad movie. its just a bit of an acquired taste and, as mentioned by others, not very comic book accurate. i really like it so i would at least give it a go
BoP is fun, suicide squad is boring and literally nothing happens in here, justice league is not fun but funny in how bad it is, ww84 is just bad
don't. just don't.
They are all terrible. Watch Blade four times instead.
Nope
Just skip them if you know you don’t care that much.
Birds of prey was a fun movie. The rest I don’t see why. If you saw Snyder cut no reason to see justice league. Suicide squad was pretty awful. WW84 can be watched. Had some moments. But kind of weak.
No
Birds of Prey is pretty fun and you might as well watch Suicide Squad before it since that sets up Harley’s arc and is fun to look at. If you have seen the Snyder cut no need to watch the Josstice version of JLA. And Wonder Woman 84 is just a bad time. Avoid.
Birds of prey is pretty great, definitely a must watch imho.  Wonder Woman 84 is also a pretty good movie, but my god I wish Gal Gadot would have taken a few years of acting classes before playing the part.  Justice League watch the Snyder Cut, if you really want to watch it.  Suicide Squad I have no idea. I watched it a couple of times but I can't tell any scene of it.
The villains/their performances make BOP and WW84 worth watching lol.
watch birds of prey at least it’s fun to watch a lil all the others aren’t worth your time…
Nope. You're not missing anything skipping out on those movies.
Watch Birds of Prey and ww84. People exaggerate dislike of WW, but irl its not that bad. Birds of Prey has a weak third act but it is an entertaining film that sets up mature Harley in Gunns Suicide Squad.   You have no reason to ever see the theatrical version of JL, but SS is bad but has a few good characters and scenes so that's up to you.  None of those are the worst things ever made. If all you watch are blockbusters, then they'd be low on the list but even still better than shit like The 5th Wave or Terminator: Genysis.
BOP is really enjoyable.
Birds of Prey is great. Definitely watch that!
Birds of Prey is fun. Margot Robbie is, as always, perfect as the zane, charming, hilarious, ball-busting Harley Quinn. The fight scenes are fantastic. It's  also a stand alone and small scale. it'd be far better received if the overall DCEU was larger and better received, a sort of Ant-Man style movie, a nice, small, enjoyable stand alone that doesn't;t tie too largely into overall DC continuity.   &#x200B;  I actually enjoy Suicide Squad in many ways. It's got a banger sound track, it's got some fun scenes, and some interesting characters, but the plot is all over the place, and the movie forgets these characters are villains....not heroes.   &#x200B;  The Whedon Justice League is.....bad.....save Cavill's Superman. And the Lasso joke. Watch Snyder's instead.  &#x200B;  Wonder Woman 84 is not as bad as people remember, but it's also not good. It was a first draft at what could have been a great movie, but, instead, is terribly flawed. it's also tonally out of place with the rest of the DCEU, including Wonder Woman. Which is weird. Still, gal Gadot is a goddess (no pun intended) and it's a beautiful film with a few great scenes.
I definitely would not.  In fact, I wish I could remove all memory of these four movies.  Suicide Squad is the least bad, though, if you’re going to watch any of them.
Ww84 is the best of the 4.
Absolutely no on WW84. Only watch the parts with Harley in Birds of prey. Watch Justice League to more appreciate Zack Snyder. And watch Suicide Squad only if you’re on a shit tone of drugs
Birds of Prey and Suicide Squad. If you’re going to watch Justice League, watch the Snyder cut.
I enjoyed BoP and some parts of SS
If you have HBO Max already, why not
The best movie out of these is birds of prey, it's not the greatest but its a small scale fun filler movie. Even me I was surprised I like it.
I actually enjoyed suicide squad and birds of prey. They both are mindless fun movies. ZSJL is amazing. WW84 is by far the worst dceu movie ever
BoP was ok, JWJL was very bad, Suicide Squad was also bad and WW 2 was terrible
Yes absolutely but Snyder cut of justice league is the way to go, the rest are great but I feel David Ayer was Constrained, by the studio when it came to suicide squad I feel he wanted to do more and have a longer film than he was allowed.  Birds of Prey is the best one.
Suicide squad and JL 2017 are pointless to watch just watch the superior versions The Suicide Squad and the Snyder cut. I couldn't even finish BoP, and WW84 was a fall from grace for WW (underwhelming villains)
I’d say watch ZSJL, birds of prey.  Tbh idk why but I like SS16.  Not to say it’s a good movie but I was entertained.
I skipped all but Justice League. I don't come from a time where we had a glut of Superhero movies. I'll take what I get. Still, I skipped the other three, but I see no reason for you to miss any of them.
No 😂
SS and BoP are both about a 6/10, WW84 about a 7/10. I would watch them.  Wouldn’t bother with Josstice League.
BoP and SS  The rest can stay in the shitter
Suicide Squad is alright  Ignore the rest  BoP is fine too
I’d say they’re all worth watching, except maybe JL. Now that we have ZSJL, there’s not really a reason to see it.  I hated BoP because I expected comic versions of Orphan and Canary. Once I saw it a second time, I liked it a lot more. Very close to Harley comics in terms of tone.  WW84 isn’t perfect, but I enjoy it in a cheesy 80s movie way, which is ultimately what they were going for  Skwad is slightly better in the extended cut. Great casting, great chemistry, pointless story. Still hoping we get a director’s cut someday
Are you all 5 year olds? Asking randos on the web what movies to watch.   Does the movie intrigue you? Yes? Watch it! There are probably movies that you love, which are widely disliked. Don’t base your decisions (ANY decisions) on taste of random people? Holy hell, social media is like a nuke on people’s brains.
Watch all but Birds of Prey. I liked the others but BoP is horrible, worst movie I’ve ever seen, it’s awful, I hate it.
Suicide Squad and Justice League are ironic enjoyment for me cause of how hilariously bad they both are.   Birds of Prey was cool, not great but pretty cool.  WW84 was so boring I only remember the scene in the mall and Pedro Pascal and that’s about it.
At least watch Suicide Squad and maybe WW84
The only DCEU movie I haven’t seen more than once is BVS 😑, can’t wait to change that.
Why not? Just give it a shot and see if you like it or not. No harm no foul
No. There’s plenty of more productive things to do with your time.
Lol there’s a good reason u haven’t watched them. They’re all terrible don’t bother
SS and BoP might be worth your while. Not that I would go out of my way to watch them.   BoP isn’t terrible in my opinion. It just didn’t get me emotionally invested in the characters or story.   As an aside, I still very much want to see David Ayers’ cut of Suicide Squad. Ayers has said his director’s cut is about as different from what the studio put out as ZSJL is from Josstice League. He added recently that it’s not perfect, but it’s a completely different vision.
Yes. Make your own mind up and don’t just listen to others. I personally quite enjoy BOP and SS16.
Suicide Squad is fine and has some world building. But I wouldn't bother watching BoP or Ww84 or JL.
Birds of Prey is fine. Ignore the rest.
so you would ignore SS AND JL?
I love that birds of prey is an hour and 45 minutes.  Short and sweet.  I wish more comic book movies would do this when the story doesn’t call for more runtime than that.
Yes.
Yeah I don't mind if it isn't faithful as long as it's a good watch. Definitely gonna watch Birds of Prey then
Ewan was so good as an unhinged bad guy.
WW84 maybe kinda worth if you love Pedro pascal lol   That’s as far as I’d go
Shouldn’t be on there? It’s just a list of DC movies OP hasn’t seen lol.
The only good scenes in suicidsquad squad is the flashback scenes (flash & batman appeared in ut)
is that a question 😃
I'd been ignoring them my entire life.
I said the same thing, it's a fun filler movie.
It’ll all depend on reception.  Right now I suspect they’re leaning pretty heavily towards replacing but if the audience absolutely loves Sasha and she’s the breakout star… who knows?
I thought the same thing at first, but now, I really doubt it. And I don’t think any of these kinds of decisions are based on reception AT ALL like everyone else on here.   This is an alternate universe supergirl who has ties to Henry cavils iteration of Superman, which James Gunn isn’t interested in tackling. They’ll cast another Kara when the time for that movie comes.
Odds are not in her favor.
Not digging that laser eye face lol
No.  Gunn is going for a young Superman and an even younger Supergirl. Expect to have a comic-accurate teenager for Supergirl.  Calle would be amazing for The Authority's Engineer.
Recast
If you want her to stick around you’re going to have to actually see the flash movie instead of throwing an online tantrum over who directed it
If they were to recast. i wouldnt mind Isabel May
I hope we get a comic accurate Supergirl.
Recasting is better tbh
That would be great.
I hope so
No.
It’s unfortunate they didn’t pick someone a bit hotter. I think she’ll be a one and done.
I hope we Never see her again
I really hope she’s gone so we can get the Supergirl everyone is gonna wanna see.
It wouldn't make sense she is supergirl from different timeline .
Yea but I’m not gonna keep my hopes up.
This sounds realistic
Why?
Smh
Maybe she's just constipated!  "Bite your lip and give it hell, c'mon, we're gonna get through this!"
Except he's not going for a teenage Supergirl. He's basing the film on Tom King's run with Supergirl as a well-established adult who grew up on Krypton. I'd say it's likely she's actually cast older or same age as Superman (Who Gunn will cast around 25).  Also, Supergirl isn't a teen in most comics. The idea of Ditsy Teen Supergirl died a while ago. Leave her in the same grave as dorky Clark and Golden Age murder Batman.
Who’s throwing a tantrum? And I’m definitely watching the movie.
I only know her from the Young Sheldon show and she seems like a valid actress for the role.
Why?
Gunn surley has someone in his mind to fit the story of this comicbook and Sasha as sweet as she is, doesn't really fit the mold of the story with her Supergirl.
“Dorky Clark”?  That’s literally just Clark.  He’s a lovable dork.
Gunn recently countered the rumors and said he plans to just cast someone younger than 40 for Superman. He simply wants someone cheaper than Cavil that's the only reason for the recast not the age.
Gunn is not gonna copy/paste Tom King's comic.
>I only know her from the Young Sheldon show and she seems like a valid actress for the role.  I saw her in 1883. Very cool show. 1 season mini-serie. A sort of prequel to Yellowstone.
If he casts his wife as Supergirl we riot.
Dorky Clark died in 1986. Since then he's been a pretty confident down-to-Earth guy.
Maybe not but supergirl in most iterations is early 20’s
Tom King is literally in Gunn's writers room and is making the film as a direct adaptation.
She's 21 in the comic, it literally starts on her birthday. Also Tom King is writing the script to this movie. I don't think he's going to diverge to far from his own written story.
Source for Gunn saying it's a direct adaptation?  Unless it's gonna be a 300 type of copy/paste film, I really doubt it's gonna be a direct adaptation. Creative liberties will be taken surely.
I am glad they made her legal for Chinese and Bahrain audiences were women turn legal at 20 and 21 respectively.
I would argue relevancy, but this was actually interesting, do men become legal at the same age, it's odd that Bahrain pushes it to 21, I guess there isn't anything age restricted beyond 21, so I guess that makes you a full adult.
it's more of a drinking age thing, she's celebrating her 21st by being at a space bar on a planet where she has no powers and can get wasted (which in turn sets up the plot of the story)
Ιn China men can marry at 22 and women at 20. In Bahrain both men and women become legal at 21. In South Korea men and women can start a business and marry after 21, same in Japan after 21. They can have sexual relationships after 18 in South Korea, Japan, China but they can marry only after the pre mentioned ages. While in Bahrain everything is after 21, they can't even drive before 21 for example.
Ι mean yeah, but it's funnier for me to add some jokes relating to more obvious countries laws.
They aren’t forbidden from doing one or the other. Ryan Reynolds did Green Lantern two years after X-Men Origins.
Keaton played Batman before in 1989 & 1992, way before Vulture, so bringing him back is a nostalgia play of sorts.   Also it’s just for the Flash movie, he won’t be in the new dcu, as far as we know.   Also I’m pretty sure that rule is a myth.
That’s not always true. I think that’s mainly for actors who have a long term role in the MCU while someone like Michael Keaton was really only planned for one, maybe two movies
I should probably amend the statement where I'm saying he's hot off the heels of an MCU character Spider-Man homecoming was over 5 years ago
The idea that actors can't be in the MCU and DC isn't true. There's been crossover before.
Laurence Fishburne played Perry White in Man of Steel and Batman v. Superman, along with playing Bill Foster in Ant-Man and the Wasp.  Zachary Levi played Fandral in one of the Thor movies and Shazam in the Shazam movies.  There's no rule saying that there can't be overlap, though scheduling conflicts might be an issue.
Keaton technically worked for Sony as the Vulture. Big difference.
Not going to lie and say I'm not interested in what Keaton's Batman's been up to for the past 30 years
Then you are just ignorant🤷
If they’re getting a new show runner, my pick would be the doom patrol one. He’s already working on Waller, which is a prelude for peacemaker season 2
Gunn already said that the actors in Legacy aren’t limited to being in their 20’s. They could very well be 30+.
I wonder how they plan on sticking to their 2 film, 2 series a year model. Is that just for main universe films or does that include Elseworlds?  Batman is confirmed for 2025 with Legacy as well. Does that count as 2 or will there be a 2nd main universe film added to 2025's schedule?
There's a rumor that the DCU has a 3rd release date on December 2025.
Young young young Superman.  But Batman is middle aged?
I'm starting to worry that maybe ambitions are getting a little too big. If the first projects don't take off, all of this will end up as wasted work and money.
I hope Justice League Dark is one of those
It's a sprawling universe but he is leveraging on 2 areas DC and WBD have an advantage over compared to Marvel and Disney: Gaming and animation. WB has been light years ahead with it's DC animation compared to Marvel. Gaming, DC has been bigger than Marvel too. I know some may say Spider-Man on the PlayStation is a huge Marvel hit but that's by Sony.
So hes going adapt fetus Superman? Dang
It’s for Krypton rocket baby Superman?
Yes. Doom Patrol is phenomenal
He'd be my first pick too.
He said that before they secured a casting director didn't he?  Could have easily settled on an age range since then.
Gunn says a lot of stuff.
If I’d guess 2/2 is going to be for the main universe   Elseworlds seems very much in the hands of the creators running the various projects, so I think they can to an extent set their own release schedule.   Time will tell though, we really won’t know until we see more dates get finalized. So far like you said we only have Legacy and The Batman
When was the 2/2 model announced?
Batfleck was older than Cavil
I would think probably not. Damian could easily be conceived during Bruce's trip around the world or very early in his batman career like year two. Or you could just have Damian be aged up in lab which was the new 52 explain for why a younger batman had a preteen son
Batman will probably be early 30’s
It's all about budget vs. BO.  In theory, having multiple 70-mill films is ideal (Deadpool 1 had a budget of just 58 mill and made 700 mill).  Obviously, the big AAA films like Superman, Brave and the Bold, etc...will have a bigger budget but the small franchises shouldn't.  Hamada's mistake was greenlighting monstrous budgets for new IPs like Black Adam (240 mill yikes). A 50 mill Booster Gold film would only need a modest success at the BO to turn a profit, for example.
I think Superman: Legacy will do well, but if The Authority underperforms then Gunn will have to rearrange the slate a bit. I am optimistic though.
I wouldn't say they are ahead on gaming. Used to be but not at present. Disney have got multiple companies to do their games while Warner depend on their owns studios. Theres a suicide squad game upcoming and a Wonder Woman one versus Spiderman 2, wolverine, iron man, cap and black panther and other ones I missed in addition to the others released in last few years.   Quality wise they need to catch up to Spiderverse on animation(I know thats Sony but still).
So you rather believe some guy than the literal maker himself?
He does and he should stop talking because the creative process is going to involve a lot of trying things out and then trying other things out. Limiting your scope and then maybe widening it, but anytime the man contradicts himself weirdo Snyder freaks pop up to call him a liar. And like, I get it, they’re sad, and James being all over twitter is also just asking for it, but also please grow up. As someone who loves film very very much I can confidently say that these are just movies. So many great movies come out every year that aren’t about Superman.
As far as releases, it's a collaborative effort. Only difference is that Warner Films (Abdy and De Luca) are who the Elseworlds project heads answer to while they just communicate with Safran and Gunn.  The 2/2 model may just be for the main universe because when Safran provided example, it was HBO Max and that platform has already been said it is meant for main universe series.  It would be interesting if for example on the film side. they pulled off  2025 - Batman 2, Legacy and Swamp Thing  2026 - Coates film, Authority and Brave & the Bold
[January 31st](https://www.dc.com/blog/2023/01/31/james-gunn-and-peter-safran-on-building-a-new-dc-universe)   It was a lot of details in those articles. Safran says it.
I'm sure he still is. Ben is 10 years older.  But having Batman be 45, and superman in his mid to early 20s - like Nightwing's age - seems a bit too big a jump for me.
Yup. Batman and Talia could have had sex when they were 20.
Agreed. I don't know why people are assuming Batman is going to be late 30s to early 40s just because he has a kid.  Prior to donning the cape, he spent much of his youth travelling the world learning his skills, he could have easily met Talia and impregnated her as a late teen.
Yeah, the huge budgets were definitely a problem. Black Adam actually would have turned a profit if it's budget was just as big as the first Shazam! film's.
Agreed. They need to be very smart with their budgets and have realistic expectations for what they're likely to earn.
I think they'll try to keep the Authority as low budget as possible. Plus they will most likely try to get a big name to direct it.
If Superman: Legacy is going to be hit, the people will very interested in The Authority and otherwise.
I'm excited for the authority but having it be one of the 1st projects feels like a mistake for me but hopefully Warner gives Gunn a couple movies like Snyder and not quit at the first sign of trouble
As if Gunn and Safran didn't think of stuff like this.
Doesn't matter if Disney has ton of games announced if they end up doing bad or underperforming they will be back to square one.Avengers flopped,GOTG underperformed along with Midnight Sun's.The only game that is a hit is the Insomniac Spiderman.For all we know the iron man and BP game could flop.  Also the animation movies they have been pumping out is awesome and the animation quality fits with the direct to dvd release they are going for.They need to release a animated movie for theatre which is what they will do hopefully.
Arkham series.
Almost all the games WB released for a decade have been a hit. Even the ones they published. Having all rights to use DC they can create any game with any character they want easily. Spider-Man 2, Wolverine are Sony's and don't equate wholly to Disney cause Sony owns Spiderman rights so Disney is more like a second party on it. All the other games you mentioned are done by EA the studio that fucks up 90% of their games and has like three hit games one is a remake, one is a platformer type and another is a Live Service game. Animation side Marvel is in no way near DC at all. WB has so much experience in that section and DCAMU has a really good stand among fans. Spiderverse is specifically made for Movie release like Superdogs and it's like the only franchise as of yet they have as a leverage.
In console games, WB has the advantage. In mobile games is a different story.
We don't know what age Batman will be. If it's mentioned at all.
The problem with that, is the Authory are filled with characters that one would presume are quite CGI heavy.  Apollo has the Superman power set with Photokinesis, Engineer can change her body into various tech, The Doctor is a powerful magician etc.
The animation movies are definitely not better to into spider verse...  I mean they may flop sure but for example GOTG was well received. Gotham knights flopped. So Dcso far have less games but quality isnt assured either .
Ended almost a decade ago.  The only semi follow-up that’s coming has been widely criticized as well.
If he has an established BatFamily, he's not going to be young - let alone "young young young"  I mean, its all speculation until it comes out. But it's a weird choice to me.
The spiderverse are great too but the movie was made for theatre so there is a reason it has a higher quality.But DC got different heroes in the animation department compared to only Spidey for marvel.Also spiderman movie is the only one compared to the sea of DC animated movies that have great story telling.They lack in animation but they make it up in story telling.   DC has the advantage of making a shared universe game compared to Disney since their license are so  scattered.Also for all we know the Iron Man game could flop alongside the black panther game considering the studios that are making.WB has Rocksteady,Avalanche,Portkey,TT,Monolith etc some of the awesome studios under their wing.
He could easily be early 30's, just means Damian was born when Bruce was young
I'm with you. I think it makes more sense for Superman to be like 32 and Batman 38. Old enough to have had a few wards, but close enough to Superman that it's not weird
me when I discover acting
What?
Going back & forth between the photos is like a Make-Your-Own-Adventure sort of thing. So, it can either be “Super squeaky clean Barbie goes bad to have some wild fun” OR “Hey, look! Harley finally met her own Prince Charming and moved to the suburbs!”
It's not that mind blowing.
Holy smokes . No wonder Paramount never moved forward with a WWZ sequel. The first IMO is a very very good zombie movie. Disappointed it failed so hard
Well that explains why WB is still letting Batman get its universe. Having Matt Reeves in charge will ensure that the writing will always be stellar.
It's crazy that a solo Batman movie made more than Batman meeting Superman for the first time
It made more profit than BvS and MoS combined during a pandemic, during the Russian/Ukraine war, with China operating at least than half capacity, and a shortened theatrical window.   Anyone who says this was a failure is completely ignorant. The sequel is primed for $1b.
#THE GOAT BABY THE GOAT!!! I LOVE ROBERT PATTINSON!!!
Wow, more than BvS and MoS combined. Thats impressive, i dont know how people will justify continuing to claim it failed.
That’s cause BVS wasn’t a critical hit lol like I enjoyed loved it a lot but let’s be real here; that movie was a poor ass choice of story to start off a cinematic universe 😂
Is there a link available to the article these appeared in?
Op, you really broke that jedijones guy with this one
I couldn’t give a fuck about this constant Batman vs a totally different take on Batman bullshit.   But what the fuck happened to world war z? I wanted a sequel god damn it and now I see why that never happened!
I am glad to hear that because the Batman is easily the best film among the three mentioned in this post. I am hoping the sequel is on par in terms of quality and has a more successful run at the box office.
you're forgetting the doritos factor /s
How the hell did WWZ lose so much? Is there anymore of these?
Where do you find these graphics? These break downs are right up my alley and I’d love to see how many different films I can find.
Wait is this real? Hope the comments section is civilized
Reeves has the sauce
It’s a better movie. It’s better than Snyderverse, yes.
Holy fuck, they spend 458 million just to make 177 million??? I used to think the budget was 200 million whatever, including ads and the 800 million it made, 600 mill would go to them.
Cool but are we seeing any of these returns?
Comment section is so toxic.
This is objectively FALSE because I CHOOSE to BELIEVE SO.  I’m telling king god daddy Snyder on you.
If in 2015 someone told me that a movie with Batman,Superman and Wonder Woman appearing on screen together for the first time would make less profit than a Batman Solo movie then I would have called them insane.
In other news, water is wet
I don't understand why superhero fans care about & always bring up box office stats, as if there the end all be all.  Like why's it matter which movies made more over which movies are better in your opinion?
Cause the script is the most important part of a movie.
And that doesn't include the merch!!!!
I thought it was a brilliant adoption of the Batman comics, a little seven, fight club and the crow vibes for me
BvS was such a messed up movie. It should have been a trilogy, after a Batman movie. It was even a good setup for a MoS 2 solo, just make it Bizarro instead of Doomsday with Zod's body.
Makes me big sad that more people didn’t show up for Cavill.  Dont know what you got till its gone.
Shazam 2 just sucked up all those profits.
Even non comic movie fans saw the batman 2022 and liked it.
Good. I'm glad quality can still sometimes mean profit. Because the Batman is better than both those films by a wide fucking margin.   If you disagree, that's fine. Some people are born dumb as fuck. I don't judge.
What was the point of bringing up BvS and MoS? Aquaman made more profit than this movie.
I mean mos and bvs r expensive movies just look at the cgi the cast the side characters of those movies r the main characters in other movie and the batman for its budget of 100 million I think is very well made it looks and feels better than 200 million movies these days and that was shoot during pandemic
When were they made and what were ticket prices at the time?
Why am I getting downvoted so much for saying I love every DC movie?
Learn to read people. Batman v Superman sold MORE tickets than The Batman. A good amount more.   The reason Batman v Superman made less money, is that it cost more to make lol. Actually read people.
Why am I getting hate for enjoying DC movies
Who cares.
Lots of geniuses not accounting for inflation
What WB should be looking at is reducing their production and distribution costs to improve their cash to cash returns. Their overall costs are by far higher than their competitors.  I call it a lack of oversight and mismanagement from their executives.
Reminder: [Deadline claimed Black Adam made $52 million in profit back in December](https://deadline.com/2022/12/dwayne-johnson-black-adam-box-office-profit-1235191135/). [Wikipedia's sources claim today it lost $50-100 million](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_biggest_box-office_bombs).
150 million in streaming....?  To those down voting, there is absolutely no way to track that and say it's for streaming.
It’s amazing how suddenly DC fans become CPAs just to find a way to shit on Snyder’s movies.  Not one fan should ever give a shit about profit since budgets are secretive and not even Deadline knows for sure the P&L for individual movies because they are not published. What you see are best guesses from insiders.   Go by box office since that tells you the interests from the fan base and general audiences. Go by Cinemascore since that tells you the reaction of opening day viewers who are usually super fans.   The Batman was very good but it should have made more based on the stellar reviews and the performance of other superhero pics at the COVID box office at the time. It came in on the low end of initial projections for domestic BO unfortunately.   [Collider Batman](https://collider.com/the-batman-box-office-predictions/)
I couldn’t tell you what happened during the Batman. I watched it multiple times but I kept falling asleep 💤
Yes if you just explicitly spend slight less on the movie and then advertise it less you grind out slightly more profit. Everyone here will treat this as a sign of quality when it’s literally that it cost 70 million dollars less lol.  You will also hear nothing about inflation in discussing this films box office despite that being quite the hot topic when it came to BvS vs say Superman 78.
150 million in streaming?... sounds suspect
That doesn't take away from the point that BvS:UE and MOS are masterpieces!
Bottom line, [BVS brought in $681.5 million in revenue](https://deadline.com/2017/03/batman-v-superman-box-office-profit-2016-1202049201/), more than The Batman's $635 million. The only reason The Batman made more profit is because of lower costs and expenses. Yes, Superman movies happen to cost more than movies about a dude who doesn't fly and shoot laser beams out of his eyes, and whose enemies are just street thugs and not cosmically powered supervillains. BVS had a $50 million higher budget, for obvious reasons.  They spent $157 million marketing BVS, $22 million more than they spent on The Batman. It helps not to overspend on marketing.  BVS had $30 million more in "participations" than The Batman did. Deadline counts this "against" the movie's profit, which is a ridiculous thing to do. It's all money the movie brought in from the audience. But, as a participation, the profit just went to cast and crew rather than the corporation. Which is actually a good thing, since the talent deserves it more.  I would also seriously question The Batman making $130 million in "home entertainment" that does NOT include streaming, as they have that on a separate line underneath. BVS made $152.8 million in "worldwide home entertainment." Does anyone seriously think physical media sales are down only 10% from what they were 6 years prior? Doesn't pass the smell test.
LOL at The Batman making $150M in streaming when the only revenue from HBOMax would be subscriptions within the 45 day window of release. So did HBOMax add 15,000,000 subs at $10 a pop in April 2022? There is a reason streaming is killing the studios compared to DVD and digital media sales
Objectively awful movie. Glad all of you WB stockholders made money when the share price went up. Just kidding, none of you own stock
It's interesting how deadline knows how to stir you all up. They put these two together, but zero mention of Nolan's films. They put up click bait and you all bite. Hook, line and sinker.
Is that adjusted for inflation?
No one will talk about ticket price?
LoL. Even MoS made more profit than all of the non-Snyder era DCEU films (Shazam!, Birds of Prey, Wonder Woman 1984, The Suicide Squad, Black Adam, Shazam! Fury of the Gods). What's the point of this conversation ?? Make Snyder look bad ?? At least he brought WB some money.
😆🤣😆🤣😆 lies
Why do y'all, you particularly, continue taking shots at movies y'all hate like MOS or BVS? Most get it -- a good contingent here thought it was donkey dog shit in any version and will ensure the point is hammered home as an objective failure.
Interesting. Have they released the streaming numbers for ZSJL?
Don’t get me wrong The Batman is definitely way better than BvS but these but these numbers are weird. BvS made 873m on a 250m budget with 82m or so in home media sales while The Batman made 770m on a 200m budget with only 15m home media sales so why is its profitability so much higher?
***In my opinion, THE BATMAN was successful because WB did not interfere with it so much as they did with Snyder's work. After watching JUSTICE LEAGUE I am sure that the franchise would have been profitable if they had listened to Snyder's demands.***     # But hey not to worry JAMES GUNN is gonna fucking blow all our minds, DCs golden age coming back, baby.
All i see is DC (collectively) on an upward trajectory in terms of its profitability… until Hamada’s productions (making Superhero movies like horror movies and expecting big revenues) and JL being an outlier for known reasons.   The Outlier: we don’t know how Zack’s JL would have done in 2017, and Nobody will ever know but there is correlation of profitability because DC movies were profitable… until a switch of plans from WB.   We are back to where we were before DCEU started: unless the movie is set in Batman’s universe, it will not make a profit.
Sorry that y’all can’t sit down and actually enjoy movies miserable mfs🤣🤣
That's crazy considering both of those movies were WAY better.
It’s still the worst out of the three tho
Certainly puts into perspective why companies don’t want to take risks anymore. All that box office and only a fraction it actually counts towards their profit.   Maybe movies need to be less expensive again.
I think DC should make a universe where no one has the superpower.
It’s clearly the superior Batman film of them all. It makes sense.
Its not all in the Box Office, doesn’t the buying of Digital Versions and Blu-Ray don’t count? I buyed BvS on iTunes and Blu-Ray but never watched lol Batman.
The real headline here is how badly WB was managed in the MoS / BvS era.   Each of them 160m / 120m more in expenses than The Batman. Less than half of that was production expense. Factor for inflation and that equates to 295m / 206m more in dollar value expenses. One could also factor for ticket price inflation--that gets more complicated, but essentially both stand alone movies sold about 35.5 million tickets in the US.  MoS & BvS should have been massive financial successes.
In all honesty, its hard to justify making a zombie film for $270M when a Superman film with more action that year, cost $225M. Just bad accounting on WWZ's part.
keep in mind that's a movie which was already shot a whole different 3rd act, with huge battles, which went to waste. Probably not worth of 50mil but it had a veeery problematic process
Doesn't help that they completely reshot the entire third act, making all the build up in the rest of the film pointless. Many people didn't seem to like the ending.
Agreed underrated fun zombie flick - exceptionally well pace
Wait literally i didnt know it performed so terribly. I remember when it released it seemed like it was getting good word of mouth. I just recently watched it for the first time and man was it so much better than i thought. I think its so good, and i like how chaotic it felt compared to other zombie movies
China killed the sequel, which Fincher was eyeing to do.
Wich is a shame, we could have a WWZ 2 by David Fincher.
And some people still insist it was a financial failure lmao.
The writing of the film was bizarrely subpar.  I say that as someone who thought it looked and sounded great.
Hopefully he can write in more 30 car pileup deaths.
And also Wonder Woman. The golden trios first live action (including tv I believe) and it sucked 😂
If we had gotten a solo movie first of Batman and one more movie to set up this it would have definitely worked
It is a miracle Snyder was able to pull 3 movies with Superman as the leads, 2 were him teaming up with Batman and Wonder Woman but none made any breakthrough record in this genre.
It makes me happy. Not happy that BvS was bad, that's annoying.  But I am happy that WB didn't just throw a bunch of popular concepts into a movie (the trinity, doomsday, death of superman, batman vs superman, Lex Luthor) with a bad script and have it succeed.   You actually need a well written, developed, and logical(comic book standards) movie for it to be successful.
*Dark Knight and Dark Knight Rises have entered the chat*
Even crazier that we got a movie where Batman met Superman and it was pretty ass.
Well *The Batman* was actually a good movie. That tends to help box office performance.
In fairness, BvS had really bad word of mouth that caused it’s ticket sales to plummet after it’s opening
It's not crazy because Batman has been carrying DC since Tim Burton's time. The Dark Knight dominated superhero genre for a very long time.🤷‍♂️
Also one Batman movie is more profitable than MOS, BVS and JL combined. Box office, streaming viewership, claimed Awards. The Batman just owns those films in every category
Says something about the quality comparison
And yet you have people here who are like “we don’t need no more Batman movies.”
It's not. Pay attention to the numbers here. Batman v Superman literally sold more tickets. A good amount more.   It made more money cause it was on a much lower budget. If Batman v Superman cost a little less, it would have made more.
why is crazy? Nolan elevated the Batman franchise to the billion dollars club,  crazy is the first Batman meeting Superman and meeting WW movie is only 6min longer than an AQ solo movie.
Not sure why that’s crazy this was during peak marvel
It profited more. BvS made more revenue but it had a lot more expenses.
Not to mention. I saw a lot of folks in my circle as well as online that held off on seeing in theaters because they knew it was coming to HBO Max like 6 weeks later.
BVS brought in a lot more revenue. This difference is all a matter of costs. TIL reddit thinks a Superman movie doesn't need to cost more than a Batman movie, even though one is outer space-related sci-fi and the other is a film noir. 🤣
I hope Part II joins the One Billion club.
Yeah this movie was Cinema
That's why he's the GOAT!! THE GOAT!!!!
The people who claim it failed have a tendency to selectively look at gross totals and cover their eyes when you bring up budget+marketing costs.
It made almost 90 million more than MoS, BvS, and Josstice league ( lost 60 million) combined. With about 1/3 the budget: 200 million vs 600 million. Shows how much of a failure the dceu was, because for comparison marvel makes at least 100 million profit on most of their movies.
They can't but people saw this coming a long time ago. David Zaslav isn't singing the Matt Reeves song for no reason. Dude made a hefty profit for them, off of a 3hr noir detective drama lol.
No cause see the first installment of a new Batman series 10 years after the last one and coming off of a very controversial take on the character not even making $1 billion when the much hyped cultural event trilogy ender in TDKR did obviously means audiences HATE Matt Reeves and want a Batfleck movie! /s
I haven’t seen people claim it failed. Ik wb def thought the film was gonna make a billion dollars plus, so they def overestimated how much it would make but what it made is still solid.
Cause it didn’t make a billion. That’s the established watermark for Batman. This board agreed upon that in 2016, but now they don’t like that because this movie didn’t make a billion.
I don't think it failed at all that's ridiculous. The real issue is what could have been without studio meddling, reshoots, rewrites etc. Bvs profit would have been double if ultimate cut was released and the budget wasn't ballooned into infinity. I'm sure the aquaman and flash teases could account for a couple mil a pop easy
None of the movie failed financially they all made profit. BvS just has attracted more people than TheBatman.  BvS had a higher box office but also a higher budget.  Joker is still more profitable than all of these
> That’s cause BVS wasn’t a critical hit lol  It still could've been a huge financial hit. It had one of the biggest openings in history despite the negative reviews, but then the audiences had a very negative reaction which reflected in the boxoffice.
yup.  basically, it blew anus as far as starting a long-running storyline.
Imagine deciding to have the second entry in a DC cinematic universe be a combitionation of The Dark Knight Returns and The Death of Superman.  I will never not find it funny.
Sure, just google "DEADLINE <movie\_name> profits" and you'll get the DEADLINE article link for each film.         The Batman one came out today. BVS / MOS came out an year after each film's release date.
He's working overtime on this thread 😁
Someone is allowed to think something like BvS is amazing, if they like it that's great.  What I will never understand is dedicating so much of your time to arguing with people about it and it's filmmaker the better part of a decade after the fact lol
Im re-reading the book now, id rather they just did a new adaptation.
China.
Right?! Like this "which one is better" shit is annoying. They're just different.
Why didn't it release in China. It looks chinese market really brings in the dollars
Makes sense why they never made a sequel, it was badly budgeted. It should not had been more expensive than the superman movie.
Deadline  Here is 2022 so far (in the next days they will finish the list)  https://deadline.com/story-arc/2022-most-valuable-movie-blockbuster/   https://deadline.com/story-arc/2019-most-valuable-movie-blockbuster/   For the rest there are individual articles you can find here  https://deadline.com/tag/movie-profits/page/3/   Yes they didn't do these in the last 2 years
No, this is soft marketing.  Happy cake day, Kingfish.
A good amount of money goes to the theaters. The longer a movie is out the greater the percentage of revenue the theater keeps. Chinese theaters keep a larger portion of the revenue too.
A Batman solo reboot with no cameos, 3 hours long and a noir drama, no less.
The numbers don’t tell the whole story. BvS suffered from executive meddling. The Batman was completely free of that
It's more that people in this thread were saying for a while that the batman was a failure, and trying to say that WB wasn't justified in destroying the Synderverse because it made a huge amount of money. Now that there is proof that they were wrong.  It also is very useful. The more money a movie makes, more likely it will get sequels and spin offs. It tells the audience whether or not the characters or not will come back again. Unless you're James Gunn, who got lucky by landing the DC job, usually after a movie flops the characters are gone.
It’s because they need something validate their opinions on films they like and dislike.   I don’t care at all what the box office of a movie is and I don’t base my opinion on a movie from its box office. I like or dislike a movie based on my experience with the movie.
Honestly just make Wally (the disgruntled double amputee) into Metallo
What did Cavills superman have though. Shallow unintersteing basically mute character. Not his fault, but also nothing to mourn after
I rewatched in theaters many times. Still watch it many times at home.
Yeah, and by the logic people often try to apply to BVS, isn't The Batman a massive failure when a B-grade character like Aquaman makes over $350 million and almost 50% more?
MOS and BVS definitely HAD to be more expensive. The Batman cost $200 million though, as shown above in the post.
The studio only cares about profit. If more people saw it, they don't care.
Cared enough to reply?
Even with inflation, there isn't a big difference to the stats.  MOS: In the upper 70s when adjusted for inflation. Still less than most marvel movies and if you adjust Shazam for inflation, it is in the upper 80 millions, so it still makes less than Shazam when it comes to profit.  BvS: In 120 millions. Still less than SS squad without inflation and the batman.  In conclusion, these are still not great for how much WB put money into them. MOS can get a pass, since the first movies aren't held to as much as standard, but BvS should be in the 200 million at least.  (https://www.bls.gov/data/inflation\_calculator.htm)
The Batman's production budget shot upto $200M after COVID delays and all the $ it took to get a production going in the middle of COVID.                You can look up how much money it took for Mission Impossible 7 to shoot through COVID. And just apply the same to The Batman. Almost $70M in cost.              The Batman's initial budget was around $110-$130M.
Whataboutism            Pretty sure you were one of the accounts on Reddit who were saying that THE BATMAN was a FLOP when the film was still in theaters. So I understand your pain.
I'm lookin' for a fix, where'd you get your copeium?
Its likely a bookkeeping thing. The streaming division has to pay for the rights, at least on paper, so they use the market value. If you compare it to the other films home entertainment grosses it matches almost perfectly.
Which is why it’s laughable they’re claiming that as revenue
Comparing statistics and the context that surrounds them isn't shitting on someone.  The Batman and MoS shared cinemascores, and one made significantly more money than the other.  The Batman should have made more than the combined box office profits of a solo Superman film and the first film to feature Batman and Superman together, both of which came out years before Covid?  Neat. Facts don't care about feelings. Talking about the failure of Snyder's films doesn't take anything away from you being a fanatic of his films.
You pretend like this is the first time someone has ever brought up these numbers to you, lol.                And profits are the ONLY thing the studio cares about. Not the Box Office numbers. Shazam made $370M but made more profit than Man of Steel - so Shazam is more valuable to WB than Man of Steel.          So obviously - fans also care about the profits. Because that is what gets them sequels and trilogies. Don't be dumbfounded by it now, come on.                  BvS also came in on the low end of projections, from $1.5B to $800M. But I'm not going to talk about that, because all of that is meaningless if the film made a ton of profit. It didn't.              BvS made only $30M more profit than Shazam. It also made less profit than Suicide Squad (2016).
Studios dont choose to make movies based on gross, they choose to make a movie based on profits. If participation fees are locked in at a high number, as appears to be the case with Snyder, then the bar for those films is higher.  And I saw you mentioned COVID but didnt mention that China was basically shut down as The Batman released.
[Box Office Pro predicted The Batman would make $340-540 million domestic](https://www.boxofficepro.com/long-range-box-office-forecast-the-batman/). It made $369,345,583, so it came in on the low end of predictions. That is typical for how this movie was predicted. It made "just enough" to satisfy minimal expectations, but did not reach the stellar heights and hopes many had for it.
I guess I'm sorry for your bad taste in movies then?
Bottom line - BvS cost $580M.           It's funny how you keep throwing figures around when then the sum and subtraction of all these figures is .. $105M. Which I mentioned in the title. You didn't have to write 3 paragraphs about it.                $177M vs $105M. Here's a test for you - which figure looks bigger?
Bro is coping so hard. 💀
Cope
Math failed you
And here we see someone who doesn’t understand the difference between net and gross.   This is a very bad look and it’s straight up coping on your part lmao
Even more ridiculous, they have $130 million in home entertainment revenue for The Batman. BVS had a little over $150 million in "worldwide home entertainment." And they both list this SEPARATELY from TV and streaming in Deadline's reports for each. So Deadline seriously thinks DVD/Blu-ray sales barely dropped in the 6 years between BVS and The Batman? These numbers are nonsense. The-numbers also shows [The Batman had $15 million](https://www.the-numbers.com/movie/Batman-The-(2021)#tab=summary) in domestic DVD and Blu-ray sales compared to [$82 million for BVS](https://www.the-numbers.com/movie/Batman-v-Superman-Dawn-of-Justice#tab=summary). Makes sense that BVS' global number would just about double that. Makes no sense that The Batman would make $115 million in foreign disc sales compared to $15 million domestic.
They never paired em up.
When you adjust gross for inflation, you also adjust costs for inflation.
You're free to show your numbers off.
Well - to put things in perspective. BVS and MOS started the DCEU.           The Batman starts the "Batverse".            It'd be silly to put Batman Begins up here since that was all the way back in 2005 and wasn't that big.              It's not like we're comparing Batman with Shazam. We're comparing Batman with Batman AND Superman.
Because very spefic kind of Snyder fans still don't shut up about how Warner canceled Snyder's vision for no reason
It's a comparison of statistics, and sheds light on why Snyder is no longer making these movies.  It also shows how The Batman was a success and lends credence to why it's being expanded and respected as its own universe.
Why do people give shit about box office. I frankly find that weird, like it’s arbitrator of quality.
We got some numbers when it released. Think it was their most streamed movie on HBOMax at the time, but lost out to things like TSS and Mortal Kombat later in the year.  Some reporting I think mentioned a lot of people who started it also never finished.
Streamers never release any financial data and attribute it to any one movie. They have stated where it fell in the pecking order of films released on HBOMax around that time though.
ZSJL was a streaming exclusive on HBOMAX. So WB doesn't make any money from ZSJL.
OP provided all that information if you just look.
The Batman being having more practical effects definitely helped save it some money. Lot less cgi. Also it makes sense for home media considering back then home media was a lot more common vs now where everything is streaming after the theater.
Budget is actually smaller, BvS actually cost less to make than Man of Steel.
People have been claiming the batman was a financial failure because its gross was slightly lower than BvS, which was likely explained by a shutdown China. However its profit was higher than BvS and MoS combined.
I think it’s exhausting hearing about how the only DC movies that have profitable were the incredibly divisive Snyder films so it’s honestly really nice to have some actual perspective in the form of facts
MOS and BvS underperformed pretty badly (these profits are not good, MOS can get a pass, but BvS shouldn't at least been at 180-200 million), so the studio freaked out and fired him. People forget that BvS was a shit show when it comes to box office, they were pretty mad that it didn't hit a billion, since on opening night it was on track on hitting a billion, but WOM was so bad, the second weekend had a huge drop.  I do think ZSJL could've done well and been better received, with good profit. And they screwed themselves by not making more movies on the main heroes before going to the b and c listers. Synder could've made it all work.   This is why're rebooting since the verse is a clash so many people's visions, we got the studio fighting for control, with Synder on the reins, then we got Hamada in charge, with the Rock trying to take over as well. It's a shit show. Anything that could've gone wrong went wrong.  At this point, they're just trying to fix the brand, which is why they probably will give Superman Legacy a pass even if it isn't that profitable as long as audiences like it, since like with Batman Begins, you got to take some losses when starting from scratch.
They were dogwater and were rejected by the masses. Just look at the audience scores 🤗
That's literally in the pictures you're commenting on.
Especially considering how the narrative style of the book is written compared to the movie. Maybe Paramount will revisit the property as a limited TV series on Plus.
But just because a movie had cost problems doesn't mean they can't do a sequel and control the costs. With Ghostbusters, they cut the budget a lot between GB2016 and Afterlife, and that helped the franchise go from failure to profit, despite earning similar box office. And now they're filming an Afterlife sequel.
It's not real, budgets are faked for tax purposes... also it allows studios to keep money on the back end
Are you talking about WWZ? I don't see how the final version of the 3rd act makes the rest of the film pointless. It's all framed as a mystery, main character gathers clues throughout the film and solves the mystery at the end. Unless I'm misunderstanding you.
I rewatched last year for the first time since I saw it in theaters and it's still a good movie that keeps you interested. The pacing is good and there's plenty of suspense.  The opening alone is more than worth the watch.
Some people have a weird agenda against The Batman, acting as if its final box office gross was a failure without ignoring the context which includes a pandemic, a war, HBO Max release, three hour runtime, bad taste from the DCEU etc.   It grossed more domestically than Spider-Man: Homecoming which is the next best comparison for a reboot/origin, a movie that heavily featured both Iron Man and the MCU. Yet some like to pretend it wasn't an objective success, which it quite clearly and objectively was.
It has to do with inflation. It made $770 and Batfleck V Superhot made a billion when adjusted for inflation. Basically, it made 30% less.
Straight up how
Nah, it was great
BVS is one of the best superhero films ever made.
Just making a movie that didn't suck would have worked.
While I agree that Batman should have got a solo movie and BVS should have been more Superman centric, the reality is that BVS has many many problems. And I actually like the movie.
I think the reason why they went with BvS was probably how MOS did if we look back. The profit on it is very low, and they probably didn't want to risk anything.
Right just a testament that snyderverse was absolute dogshit in terms of a quality movie.  I'm a huge BvS fan due to the action sequence and I loved battfleck. But God damn these movies were terrible .. Snyder JL to me wasn't a vast improvement from Josstice League. It was terribly long..
??? Batman v Superman sold more tickets than The Batman by a good margin. That's a fact. Like wut.
In an ideal world in a decades time the DCU is thriving under Gunn and we can look back fondly at the DCEU's failure for what it led to.  Kinda like how I absolutely adore Batman & Robin and all its cheesyness because without that mess we would never have got TDK trilogy.
I don't think the trailers helped tbf.  I remember kinda be pissed seeing Doomsday in that 3rd Trailer, thinking I'd promptly been surprised had I walked in the theater, not expecting him.
yes because its a bad movie
*BvS* had bad word of mouth before the damn movie even premiered.
Not really comparable when the Batman was on streaming after 45 days, tons of people me included weren’t going to the theater during that time with Covid, it didn’t fantastic for hbo max as well. Movie would’ve sold a good amount more tickets if it was released in normal times like BvS was
TIL some people think that extremely expensive movies like BvS and JL shouldn't bring more profit. 🤣
Once again the obsessive r/SnyderCut poster shows up with another weirdly terrible take. You really live for this shit don’t you lmao
>This difference is all a matter of costs.  That's kind of a monumental difference.  When a studio spends more on a budget, then they need to make that much more on top of what they spent.  Profit >>>> revenue.  This isn't rocket science
You understand that the reason why they willingly spent more money to make it is because they expected that film to make more money than a cheaper film?    Lmao do you understand that you basically just said that this film failed right?  If it made less money than a film with a lower budget, that means all of that cost was wasted and they shouldn’t have put as much money in that film
Or any shred of context, like the fact that Batman and Superman meeting for the first time on the big screen (ft. Wonder Woman) had no excuse not to be a mega hit
Plus participations. Snyder movies had double in that line item.
They also ignored that it released on streaming after 45 days and did big numbers there, I waited for that and so did my friends because of Covid. Movie would’ve made a nice chunk more if it was released in normal times.
1 billion dollars.
That’s my takeaway. Easy to see why WB would have thought BVS would be a sure thing, since Batman + team-up, and a heck of a gut punch to find out that wasn’t the case.
Why did Homecoming with Iron Man and Spider-Man make a virtually IDENTICAL gross to BVS, and that was NOT considered disappointing?
So you admit that Birds of Prey, Shazam, The Suicide Squad, etc are financial failures? Just want to clarify…
Yup, and I can see the sequel making more of a profit because it will at least make the same amount and have a lower budget. Mostly due to not having the expensive COVID protocols.
They clearly didn't lol. Reboots usually make less than a billion, even Spiderman with a movie with the MCU's biggest hero, Iron Man, couldn't reach it. This is also after he appeared in civil war, which was widely watched and liked.
> Ik wb def thought the film was gonna make a billion dollars plus  The Matt Reeves 3 hour Batman? Source?
They didn't. They knew how the dceu harmed batman and dc as brand. BvS, Jl, and even MoS were a bad joke for many people. Many friends of mine weren't interested in the batman and were making fun about how bad BvS was. The don't like Affleck as Batman too.
It's been 7 years, how are you still lying like this? Are you that bitter about what someone said to you once on a board still?
Editing a half hour out didnt balloon the budget into infinity.
Sorry but no one thinks BVS UE fixes the issues that people despise it for.             BVS UE just extends the film it already was. It doesn't change anything. So if you hated BVS as a whole - BVS UE is just more of what you didn't like.
Bro a Batman vs Superman movie shouldn’t be making as much profit as a croods movie. No matter how you twist it, most studios would be disappointed as hell, especially since it was tracking for a billion after opening night. 💀
It was a perfect set-up to lead into Justice League. A movie destroyed by Whedon and studio execs who were such clueless, out-of-touch dumbasses they thought audiences WANTED an epic superhero team-up movie to be exactly 2 hours long. BVS also led directly into Wonder Woman and Aquaman, setting them up and teasing them, leading them to smash success. The Flash is also a spin-off of it, and is likely to be DC's highest-grossing film of 2023.
Not finding your third image that way. Do you have a link to that one?
What would you rate the book ?
Are there big differences? Is it more grounded?
So there was no superman death, killer Batman, that awful Martha scene and muted colors in the movie before the executive meddling?
They tried to save that film. Some movies are just bad. The longer cut proves that. Same film, just longer.
I get it for the point of "oh this made a lot of money so we can anticipate we'll get sequels" but comparing box offices of Batman movies vs Superman movies or even DC movies vs Marvel movies is stupid in my opinion.  It just fuels the classic dumb fan war shit, either with the obvious DC vs Marvel or even with the less obvious Synderverse vs DCU. Like why should any fan, DC fans especially, care if The Batman made more than Man of Steel?  I'm just not looking foward to all the future "omg Superman Legacy made more than every DCEU movie put together" posts, when its like who gives a shit cause we're not getting paid. Just give me good movies lmao  Also anyone saying The Batman was a failure is dumb af, it was a critical success.
Using Kryptonian tech to make up his robot body. That's a good way to ensure Superman doesn't simply obliterate him in a fight.
We all got opinions and you and I dont agree on each others.   MOS was great, and given more time im sure Cavill couldve been the golden age supe EVERYONE wanted. But instead everyone/you were bothered by what? The fact that he was brooding instead of positive? I just cant get with the “but supes is supposed to be happy all the time” cause thats not true.  In the end, it doesnt matter either way so go ahead and say what you think and try to make other people feel bad for enjoying a legit take on superman.
The Batman is coming from a negative reception of Batfleck. It's positively received among critics and general audience both unlike Batfleck.
Actually i believe that Batman's initial budget was only about 90 or 100 mil.  I recall that there was a lot of talk about how insanely inexpensive it was going to be when pre-production first started.  Covid protocols were part of what drove up the budget, but the bigger thing was when production shut down for almost 5 months.  They still had to pay for studio space during those months since it would've been even more expensive to tear the sets down and then rebuild them again when production started back up, but retaining those studio spaces overseas was still super costly.
There has been zero reporting to say that The Batman's production costs went up due to COVID. You have no source on that. Reporting has gone into great detail on why M:I 7's costs went up due to COVID. They had selected locations which they then were not allowed to shoot on due to shutdowns, to name one. The Batman has no such details, nor official articles to say if, when or by how much its costs went up due to COVID.
Yep that was definitely him. Dude is terminally online and reality-challenged. He’s losing his mind on a comment spree on this post as we speak, which is an everyday thing for him.
Anything not directed by Snyder is a flop or under performance according to him.
It's true that a studio's own streaming company has to pay "market value" to show their own movies on it. But it's an internal payment within WB, which does not mean ACTUAL profit for the company. It's a profit for The Batman directly offset by a loss for HBO Max.
These numbers are very selective, that's for sure.
Fans should not care about profits unless you want to focus solely on the business. If you want to talk business fine but dear lord as a fan why should you care what the P&L is? The Suicide Squad flopped yet it got Peacemaker S1 and a spin off and a season 2. Oops.
LOL, in no way, shape or form was ANYONE predicting $1.5 billion for BVS. Show me your source on that, if you have one. And, no, random dude on reddit doesn't count as a source. [Box Office Pro, a long-running site still going, predicted BVS would gross less domestically than Dark Knight Rises](https://www.boxofficepro.com/long-range-forecast-batman-v-superman-dawn-of-justice-my-big-fat-greek-wedding-2/) a month before release, and that one barely squeaked by with a billion total. No one with any understanding of box office expected BVS to outgross Nolan's Dark Knight films. A brand new reboot of Batman would never be able to do that, and the mere presence of Batman would not elevate a Man of Steel sequel that far above what Man of Steel made.
I’m not talking studios, they look at profit, but why should fans care? Do you see Marvel fans and Star Wars fans fretting over the profit ratio of Quantumania or Black Panther 2? How about we see more discussions on why TSS cost $185M which contributed to it’s financial failure? Or why Shazam 2 cost $110M which meant it would have had to make almost $500M to earn the same profit as the first? Why is the profit discussions solely around 10 year old movies and not the ones flopping every few months for DC?
Audiences CERTAINLY shouldn't GAF that BVS sent $30 million more of its revenue to participations than The Batman did. That just means more of the money went to the people who made the movie, and not corporate suits. Yet Deadline's numbers count that $30 million AGAINST the movie's "profits." Those were profits, the cast and crew just got it as profit-sharing. And, no, this has nothing to do with Snyder, but more about how the business has changed in the last 10 years. Studios are trying to cut way down on participations.
The Batman legit cured hundreds of thousands of peoples' insomnia
And nor would they. Keeping that DC division alive and well.
Of course and you also adjust the profit. All of it goes up.
Mhhmm
Some people think that's not fair because a team up of two of the biggest superheroes ever wasn't supposed to make a billion dollars despite one of them already doing that twice already.  Three guesses who.
And Snyder's DCEU was overall a smash hit from MOS through Aquaman, averaging $815 million total gross per movie, more than The Batman. So if you want to put things in perspective, that helps.  Batman's top villains are arguably more popular characters than Superman. The Batman crammed in Riddler, Catwoman, Penguin and Joker, his absolute top rogues gallery members. BVS didn't have a single Batman villain in it.
It lost out to WW84 as well, which came earlier.
And GvK
Makes sense. If you're a casual audience member, you're not watching a 4 hour recut of a movie.
WB didn't state the pecking order. Only third-party media has tried to produce those numbers.
They sold it on physical media too. Actually made more money from that than The Suicide Squad did, according to the-numbers.com.
Deadline thinks The Batman made $130 million in NON-streaming home entertainment, vs $152 million for BVS. The stats on the-numbers contradict that heavily, as The Batman only made $15 million domestic disc sales vs. $82 million for BVS. And I think we ALL know people are not buying discs only 15% less than in 2016. Disc sales have collapsed by all accounts. The-numbers "numbers" for these two movies show the level of collapse accurately. That $130 million number for The Batman is utter bollocks. It's a huge error from the web site who [claimed Black Adam made a healthy profit last year](https://deadline.com/2022/12/dwayne-johnson-black-adam-box-office-profit-1235191135/). 😂
Not hard to believe, considering the massive destruction in the end of MOS. BVS didn't have quite that elaborate action on screen. Not to mention multiple use of spaceships in MOS, and the huge Krypton opening, which of course needed tons of CGI.
How much profit do you think Black Adam made? Do you agree with [Deadline's report on that](https://deadline.com/2022/12/dwayne-johnson-black-adam-box-office-profit-1235191135/)?
Well no. WW (2017) / Aquaman / SHAZAM / JOKER - were also more profitable.              If anything, this cements WB's position on not continuing in the Snyder business. The dude disappointed them with the biggest superheroes.
Profit is profit. This post about profits and nothing to do with quality.   Yeah, maybe mos/bvs didn’t meet expectations, but look at what happened with other projects… failure after failure! idk.
If they see The Last of Us’ audience as one to also target, a WWZ could could follow with a similar tone as a limited TV series.
>Especially considering how the narrative styke of the book is written compared to the movie.  Let's be honest, outside of zombies, the movie had next to nothing to do with the book. Agreed, a series on the different locations in the book would work better.
Notice how Afterlife not only cut the budget significantly, but they also basically did a full reboot from GB16 and basically ignore that it ever existed?  Yeah, that's what you do when you’ve made a ridiculously expensive and needlessly risky movie that ends up being a divisive mess.
They wrote it as act 1,2 and 3. Act 1 and 2 buildup into act 3. Which they threw out meaning all the subtle hints towards where the plot was going are irrelevant as the plot switched gears and changed course meaning foreshadowing that went somewhere actually went nowhere.  It's like how MoS and BvS setup the 5 film Saga, and then none of the setup mattered becssue they changed direction. The Knightmare would have been vindicated by future movies, but they changed course and now instead of being foreshadowing, it's just jarring bullshit sitting in the middle of a movie.
The opening was fucking insane. Legit had my jaw on the floor. Even had me replaying scenes to see em again
>Some people have a weird agenda against The Batman, acting as if its final box office gross was a failure without ignoring the context which includes a pandemic, a war, HBO Max release, three hour runtime, bad taste from the DCEU etc.  Sorry but these are excuses. The pandemic was far worse when Spiderman no way home was released than Batmans release and it made 2 Billion at the box office. HBOMax release has nothing to do with The Batmans box office lmao. The dark Knight Rises had similar length and it made 1 Billion. Bad taste from the DCEU ? Maybe cause since 2019 they are focusing on Shazam than batman or Superman lol But I highly doubt that plays any factor why it didnt make 1 Billion  **Edit: I know reddit doesnt like the facts HAHAHAHA.**  **But reddits opinion is not the opinion of the General audience ;-)**   **General audience have spoken The Batman as a movie is not worth 1 Billion at the box office and there is absolutely no valid excuses other than the movie wasnt a crowd pleaser like previous Batman movies were. Even Joker the Batman villian made 1 Billion at the box office and it is also a realistic grounded movie!**  **Joker,a villian movie of Batman, is more popular than Battinson movie FACTS.**  >It grossed more domestically than Spider-Man: Homecoming which is the next best comparison for a reboot/origin  We should look at worlwide box office and stop nitpicking things.
Plenty of people have weird agendas against any DC movie.  Even the well received ones get this “was it really that good?” After a few years. Yes, WW was really that good, and yes, WW84 was really that bad.
The budget will also be increased when adjusted for inflation.
It’s not April first
It was not great
Batman vs Superman is the #2nd worst atrocity ever put on the screen behind  justice league.
It was great
I do like the extended cut.
BvS is one of the superhero films ever made
If you’re delusional which you clearly are then sure. It’s not even remotely close to being one of the best superhero films ever. Anyone saying it is should probably not be taken serious by anyone when it comes to movies
BvS is not even remotely in the top 3 cbms of 2016 lmao. doc strange, deadpool and civil war are far superior, it rusts in the bottom with SS2016 and Xmen Apocalypse
Hahahahahahaha
Just keep eating down votes there. Glutton for punishment. Masochist type probably..
BVS is the lowest rated movie in the DCEU. it took almost exactly 7 years to the day for it to *finally* get a movie to share that spot with
That's a nice joke
Great April fools joke but it’s April 7th
wait wait wait wait.. i actually could've sworn i saw shazam 2 got a B on cinemascore same as BvS. But after checking myself, even THAT movie was rated higher than BvS with a B+ BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It was longer and darker. That's all, the storyline is basically the same. If they had given Joss Whedon 4 hours, pretty sure his version could also be watchable, too.
So? It couldn't even beat Aquaman.
I bet if it wasn't for the fact that the film was announced to be coming out on HBOMax 45 days later - you wouldn't have that either 😂            Not to mention - The Batman is HBOMax's biggest film to date. The Batman did 4M households in 10 days. ZSJL did in 40 days. That's 4X better performance.
The Doomsday trailer is so bad. There’s no way seeing Doomsday moved a single ticket to this movie
Casual DC fans hating everything DC does🤣
That’s just your opinion, I love these movies so much y’all just seem so unhappy. Like maybe if you  were happy in life and actually enjoy movies you won’t be constantly mad at superhero movies because you’re unhappy with your life
Nope, people like influencers who could see it first were talking about how good this movie would be. After its release began the rude awaking.
Watching him desperately shift the goalposts for literally years has been hilarious though. Now profit doesn't actually matter (even tho he used to insist that the Snyderverse was the most profitable thing WB did and Battinson's movie had "obviously" made less so Snyder's movies were better lmao).
30 minutes of crucial plot points were cut from the film mixed with the fact that the entire internet were persuading others to not watch it.
It was a mega hit. You guys jsut don’t like the same analysis applied to the Batman which was pretty simply “no billion = no success”.
Why did Homecoming with the MCU's top hero and a reboot of Marvel's top hero make an almost identical gross to BVS? Shouldn't that have made $1.5 to 2 billion? Why would a logical box office expectation for Homecoming be any LESS than the prediction for BVS? Did Disney take it as a "gut punch" when Homecoming barely outgrossed BVS? Did they immediately stop using Iron Man and Spider-Man in their films and try to do a radical course correction on the style of their films?
First meeting between superman and Batman in live action (and 1st live action film appearance of Wonder Woman) obviously has more hyped and pontenial to break bank (though bvs ultimately failed to do so) than Ironman and spiderman's 2nd meeting and Peter's 3rd origin movie in a decade.    Like do you not realize how disingenuous and ridiculous this comparison is?
At least come up with some facts, will you??
True, the movie's budget was originally only 90 mil (obviously 90 mil is a lot of money but by modern comic book movie standards that's very inexpensive).  Having to implement COVID protocols very quickly and overseas drove up the budget, as well as the two times they had to halt production for months because they still had to pay for studio space since the sets had to stay there.  Without those complications, the movie probably would've cost 90-100mil and WB would've made nearly double the profit.  Hopefully the sequel can be made for around the same budget because it could end up being insanely profitable for them.
COVID was not a significant factor in The Batman's budget. There's no reason to think The Batman 2 will have a lower budget, especially since the cost of talent always goes up on sequels. It's very rare for any sequel to have a lower budget.
Yeah, which is why BVS had headwind of its own, having a reboot of Batman in it. BVS and Homecoming were in IDENTICAL positions for potential box office, except Homecoming had years behind it of a long-running, successful cinematic universe. Homecoming should've made far more than BVS.
So it’s okay that BvS made less than a billion.
I mean it’s an obvious observation. They marketed the SHIT out of that movie. Everywhere you want there was an advertisement,tv spot, etc. name a dc movie within the last five years that had that much marketing put towards it. Because they certainly haven’t had any faith in like anything else since aquaman.
Your friends gave less money to The Batman though.
How am I lying? People in this very thread are saying it lol. Accept that some of the people here are hypocrites.
BvS fixes some issues. A lot of people like BvS UE. There are many who disliked BvS but like BvS UE
What didnt u like about bvs also making little profit is better than making no profit at all just look at the other dc movies most of them flopped
Almost everyone thinks BVS:UE is superior to the theatrical.
I haven't spoken to a single person who didn't like Man of Steel nor BvS. The only 'people despising it' is found around here... On these *subs* and some on twitter.   I'm very curious to find out if they are real people  accounts or farm bots sponsored by some WB former or present executives looking for creative and financial control of the company. When that amount of money is involved one should guess.
My first statement I'm talking about the batman not bvs.
Tons of people think that it fixed the issues that people “despised” it for.
I dont spin the fact. The fact is more people did see BvS than The Batman but reddit doesnt want to see the reality today lol  The so called "bad" BvS attracted/interested more people than the "good" The Batman 🤷  So what you say is if BvS would be great the movie would have made more than 1 Billion or 1.5 Billion. But you say The Batman is good so there is no room for improvement to attract more people 💀  Most studios would be disappointed to have a standalone Batman movie which uses the same formula  from the $ Billion Nolan movie franchise to not reach $1Billion at the box office  Batman is and was always more popular than Superman. Now you probably say MOS was also hated by the audience. So The Batman ONLY made 100 million more than the so called "bad" Superman movie MOS  at the box office. Mos was also released 10 years ago in a time where comicbook movies wernt as popular as they are NOW.
Many children's cartoon movies are some of the most profitable movies of all time. In no way is it unusual for them to make more profit than big-budget sci-fi and fantasy movies.
People didn't like BvS . Please get off the crack and accepted it man. It's fine you love and wanted to see the end of Snyder's vision but Warner wouldn't have ditched him and his plan if it was gonna make them money, you gotta accepted that.  Saying BvS made aquaman successful is dumb since he's introduction is in whedon's JL.
Bruh, BvS combined Batman and Superman's first meeting, The Dark Knight Returns, and Death of Superman all in one film. If it has to be released as a three hour film to make sense why just not like, write a movie that's not as bloated in the first place??    And also, you act like the gross of one film is not connected to the series of films it is in, the fact is Justice League 2017 was gonna have lower box office just because of the fact that people didn't like the film it followed which is BvS.
It’s probably one of the worst book adaptations I’ve ever seen honestly. The book is absolutely better
Colours are fine. If you can’t handle the other details, that’s your problem, not the movie’s.  I played Arkham Knight and used the Batmobile so much, that there no way Batman could go on for as long as he did without ever killing anyone
The fight between Batman and Superman would of been so much better if his mech suit augmented his strength like the source material.  Instead Snyder made him the worlds most expensive punching bag in a metal case
That's it!
When BvS came out, Batfleck was the only thing critics and audiences were praising about the movie.
[https://variety.com/2022/film/news/mission-impossible-7-budget-tom-cruise-1235173816/](https://variety.com/2022/film/news/mission-impossible-7-budget-tom-cruise-1235173816/)  You've to be absolutely naive to believe that MI7, which was the only other blockbuster that was shooting with The Batman in UK - would suffer $70M+ increase in costs but The Batman's cost would never shoot up.             DEADLINE reported in 2021 that THE BATMAN's budget was $100m. ([https://screenrant.com/the-batman-movie-budget-100-million-details/](https://screenrant.com/the-batman-movie-budget-100-million-details/))             Now, its $200M. So go figure why the budget balloon'ed up another $100M lmfao, a betting man would bet on COVID restrictions, COVID tests, fines and delays. But then again - you've absolutely no idea how any of this works (:
Unless it was secretly ghost-directed by Snyder like Wonder Woman and Aquaman.
Most of the big studios are vertically integrated and own the companies they “hire” to produce prints, marketing, etc. and then they pay themselves. Hollywood accounting is a hell of a thing.
By that logic, studios shouldn't care about P&L either because "Suicide Squad flopped yet it got Peacemaker S1 and a spin off and a season 2. Oops."           Wrong. Profit is the only reason any studio makes anything. This has been the case for the last 100 years.
Because WB chose not to hold the HBO Max day and date box office hits against the creatives, especially if their movies were good. It’s a very unique case that wouldn’t exist outside of that model.  But TSS was one of HBO Max’s highest streamed movie of 2021, which absolutely contributed to green  lighting Peacemaker.
I think you should not do any business. Genuine advice.
Peacemaker was made BEFORE TSS came out.
I'm glad batman proved to be a smart move because I want more of it. I'm glad it was proven that moving away from BvS and MoS was smart because I want less Snyder in my Batman.
Because no one is trying to say they were extremely profitable and that WB clearly made a mistake like a certain fan base. 💀
If I want them to make more of a movie series I like I would prefer they feel they get more benefit from that series than another.  Please don't tell me what I should care about or prefer. I'm an adult and will make my own decisions.
I mean there's not much division anymore. Synderverse is gone, and a lot of people in the fanbase are also gone, as the Synder cut already happened and they've made it clear they don't want to pursue more of the Synderverse since it probably isn't even possible to do so at this point.  Only a loud minority remain, I doubt the GA really remembers these movies too well other than the fact they were pretty bad or just mediocre. They probably don't even know who Synder is.
Very Compelling.
Which is the weirdest argument but then most of those fans arguments are weird. Like all this talk of Snyder having a huge plan, yet it's pretty obvious batman v superman happened because man of steel didn't make enough money and with Nolan done, batman was available for a reboot and that the studio wanted at least dark Knight levels of profit.   The fact that the batman beat both those movies tells you those movies aren't what the audience wanted
That is Geoff Johns' DCEU, thank you very much. And Snyder was fired almost 2 years before Aquaman came out. James Wan's Aquaman, you mean.
Cope
Lol this really hurts your point.  The suicide squad which was r rated, a reboot of a movie that sucked ass, and with a bunch of characters the audience has never even heard of was outsold by a like 200k by a justice league movie that had a list characters the audience knows and loves.  And supposedly this directors cut was a world wide phenomenon but barely sell more dvds than a retread of suicide squad?
I think what you need to do is call up Deadline, explain that you are both an entertainment lawyer and CPA based on your comment history, and then get hired so you can correct them.
I’m with you but there’s a narrative floating around out there of Snyder being the only successful force behind DC
Snyder CREATED the DCEU Wonder Woman and Aquaman.  We all have seen how much staying power Shazam had, for a movie the entire establishment media and some fans claimed "saved" the DCEU. Many of us pointed out its massive decrease in gross from Snyder's era was a very bad sign, and the sequel's flopping has now borne that out as truth.  DC's EASIEST move is to make Batman and Joker movies. They almost never fail. They're DC's two most popular characters. Snyder is the ONLY guy who has conceived and co-created a universe that made DC films a hit OUTSIDE the Batman canon in 30 years. They tried before him, they tried after him, and have failed to match his numbers every time, usually even failing to make a profit.
Not saying what WB did was good either lol. Right after, instead of trying to heal the brand of the bigger heroes after BvS and Josstice league they focused on making b and c list heroes get movies, hence why only Shazam made profit.  Now rebooting is the only realistic option
GB2016 definitely shows how much of an epic fail it is to reboot a franchise that has been established with careful world-building and that has an active fan base on social media BEGGING you not to reboot it. Afterlife shows the value in bringing back beloved actors to play popular characters again who have done it in some high-grossing and well-remembered films before, and who have continued on with their success and popularity in numerous other films.  GB2016 is the biggest argument against rebooting a franchise that Hollywood has ever produced.
Yup. It's really impressive how they build up the tension throughout that 8-10 minute period.
Reboots make way less money when they start, even spiderman, the most popular hero of all time, couldn't reach a billion, despite him being the mcu, a strong franchsie, with iron man in the movie, and after he appeared in Civil War, which was also a popular movie. Batman Begins also made way less money when it started, you're conveniently using TDKR, which got a billion because of how liked Batman Begins and The Dark Knight were. If the franchise started off with that movie it wouldn't had made a billion lol.  Like if you think people at WB were expecting The Batman to reach a billion, you are crazy lol. Joker is an exception where it was a rare hit, no one expected it to be so big. The movie is a three-hour noir. You're just making shit up to validate your opinion lol.
You are literally the "some people with a weird agenda against The Batman" the other commenter was talking about.
Everything. It all increases 30%. That's how inflation works. So if income goes up and expense goes up, so does the profit. The main difference is that people are not inflated. More people saw the BVS movie than TB. In fact, more people saw LEGO Batman that TB. So it's mostly in inflation.
i dont like bvs or justice league but if you think that those are the worst then you are really lucy as you havn't watched a lot of bad films
Then you haven’t seen a lot of movies
Exaggerate much? Lol
BvS is one of films ever made
This is the way
Regardless of your opinion on the movie, you should never call someone delusional for having a different opinion
Agreed. Snyder has a bad habit of throwing ALL ideas into one movie.   I liked Snyder vision and injustice plot line but man it was poorly executed. There was no emotion in superman death and return tbh
Which movie was promoted heavily by WB? And which movie was not promoted at all?  Also, ZSJL was an hour longer than The Batman, and was supposed to come out five years before 2022
The Lotr Orc memes were Gold
More or less hating trailers for films in general. They spoil way too much shit or tell the whole story    Imagine watching Civil War, and seeing Spidey show up.   Or remember how everyone blew the fuck up over Grogu or Luke, Mandolorian, because that was successfully hidden from the audience
Not really. I would say most hard-core comic reading DC fans hated BvS
It's the opinions of literally millions. The movie was received the same as Halle Berry's Catwoman.
This is incorrect.
Online it was mocked, derided and written off as a total failure from the very start. People shit all over Affleck being cast and Snyder being attached.
False. Loads of critics were cheesed that WB wouldn’t allow them on set. (They were trying to prevent spoilers)  There was already a storm brewing.
It's getting sad at this point, dude spends so much time and energy trying to convince strangers on the internet his favourite superhero movies are actually masterpieces that made a bazillion dollars.  You can appreciate a movie without trying to convince the entire world around you that it's the best thing in the world and that they're wrong.   Birds of Prey is my favourite DCEU movie, you don't see me going around telling everyone it's secretly a masterpiece and that everyone is wrong and that it actually made a quinnillion dollars in profit.
The ultimate edition would have been even less palatable for the general audience. Making a mediocre movie longer doesn’t automatically make it better
Not sure that a movie containing Batman/Superman/WW on the big screen for the first time ever can be considered a “mega hit” when it gets miserable reviews, underperforms at the box office, fractures it’s fanbase, and kills the extended universe it’s a part of.   I understand that it’s easier to just make your own reality though, so I’ll leave you to it bud
How so? The Batman made more than both MOS and its sequel combined. Where’s the mega hit? Their bank account?
BvS was DC's answer to the avengers, stop pretending otherwise.  it made somewhat half of the avengers, thats what matters.  you cant plead It WaS JuST SeCoND MovIE when your god wished to end his universe with 5 movies.
Did Homecoming have Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman?              And it's not like any Spider Man movie has ever made a billion dollars prior. So the ceiling for Spider Man has always been $800-900M before No Way Home.                                Also, MCU's entire foundation didn't rely on Homecoming. It did for BvS. Stop being a naive little child jesus christ. You know all this already.
Also, Matt Reeves did mention he decided to add bigger set pieces which probably added a lot to the budget.
It is completely unrealistic to suggest COVID added $100 MILLION to ANY movie's budget. There is nothing out there that documents how much COVID added to The Batman's budget, and nothing in the media that suggests it was a significant amount. It's simply illogical to suggest they would spend their budget over again by 100% just to keep a couple of sets there. The sets did not cost their ENTIRE budget, so by definition, it would be cheaper to tear them down and rebuild them than to pay $100 million just to hold on to them. I'll predict now the sequel costs no less than $185 million. Due to the movie not meeting the high-end of the industry's box office expectations, they will try to give it a little haircut this time.
I have literally dismantled your logic in an earlier reply. THE BATMAN's original production budget was $100M (as reported by DEADLINE in 2021). COVID doubled it. That is significant lol.           Sure, that's no indication that the sequel will cost $100M too. But as for the first film, COVID heavily affected the film, its crew and its stars.
Well, COVID protocols cost at least 10 million for big movies. And it also caused production to halt for a long time two times which probably cost millions.I definitely think the sequel will cost the same or a bit more than the original but it will probably make more.
Not at all lol. The issue with BvS was that it was going to hit a billion dollars, the opening weekend was more than enough to put it on track to reach it, it didn't because audiences hated it so much that the second weekend had such a big dop. That's why the studio decided to fire synder.
BvS spent more on marketing.
>They marketed the SHIT out of that movie.  The Batman's marketing cost was 135m. When you compare it to Thor LaT 160m marketing cost and Puss in Boots' 130m, it really isn't that much. If anything they spent much less compared to blockbuster comic book movies. Dr strange 2 probably had almost 200m marketing cost
The movie is a sucess anyway 🤷
Are they saying any movie with Batman should make a billion or that BvS, which was a movie with Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman, should have? Basically did they establish a watermark for Batman or the trinity?  Edit: Hey /u/Baramos_ I think you missed this question since you keep answering 100 other people but not this one. Is it because you would have to "Accept" something if you did?
Let’s be honest, most people who watched the UE probably liked bvs 💀
Pretty much every issue from BvS is still in the ultimate edition since ultimately fundamental elements like the plot and characterization just suck
If you took your little niece/nephew/mom/dad/brother/sister to see BvS and they thought it was overly long, dour, slow, with weird characters and would the UE change their mind?   I just don’t think the film is what the audience wanted from a concept like this. It would just need to be changed fundamentally.
A Batman vs Superman movie should be making way more off the name alone. The studio was more mad about it getting a huge second weekend drop, as if that didn’t happen, it could’ve profited much more. That only happens when audiences despise the movie.   The other movies are kind of excusable to flop, since no one cares enough about the characters and they really all were just bad. Why would anyone want to watch them?   The only likable ones which tss, which was doomed due to its R rating, hbo max dual release, no interest in it due to the first sucking, and a coming out due to a covid surge, and Shazam, which made a profit.
If you're asking people (and the studio) to be thankful that a Batman VS Superman movie with Wonder Woman made SOME profit - I think you're just counting your blessings.           That movie was a $2B contender in 2016, when even Civil War made $1.5B.
People clearly hated it. Second weekend drops like BvS only happen when WOM is terrible, especially for blockbusters. The B cinema score is enough proof, anything below a B+ for superhero movies is terrible. The B cinema score contains hits such as Daredevil, Catwoman, Elektra, and both fox F4 movies 💀
You must have an incredibly small social circle.
Absolutely accurate assessment. And don't forget The Batman put Batman's FOUR most popular villains in the movie! That's a huge crutch to have to rely on in a Batman movie. No Batman movie has ever depended on that many top tier villains to boost up its attendance. The Batman villains are some of DC's most popular and famous characters in all of DC.
You know this is cap. Croods isn’t even a well known franchise compared to other animated movies💀
That dude is truly delusional when it comes to the DCEU/snyderverse. It’s crazy to me that people can be that disconnected from reality
Like have Batman remotely control the Batwing that has Kryptonite bullets and fight him underground like in Hush. But unlike Hush, Bruce doesn't reveal he's lying about being under the Daily Planet. That was always so stupid to me. Batman had Superman basically depowered by doing that ruse. He even got Clark into a slugfest with it.
There was lots of that yes, but plenty of people called batfleck a murderous psychopath and couldn’t stand him. Movie was divisive in most aspects.
Apart from the action scenes Batfleck was trolled heavily.
I have deep and extensive knowledge of movie grosses, budgets and filmmaking practices, having studied this in the entertainment news for decades. M:I 7 did NOT increase just because of the U.K. It shot ALL over the world and ran into much bigger problems elsewhere. Early, initial reports of movie budgets are ROUTINELY very wrong, and don't match the final budget. COVID is not required to exist for budgets of movies to radically change as the movie gets developed. Again, we have no official media reports saying COVID significantly added to The Batman's budget.
Haha, Snyder doesn't have that much talent to ghost direct a good movie like Wonder Woman or a fun movie like Aquaman. His movies always look colorless and devoid of any soul.
Absolutely not true on that last part. Peacemaker shot MONTHS before TSS came out. "Filming began on January 15, 2021, in Vancouver, Canada,\[31\]"
Too late!
Just hold me please I'm scared
Who cast Aquaman and Mera in the roles? Was the MCU smart to debut Black Panther and Spider-Man BEFORE their solo movies? Whose idea was it to do that with Aquaman in the DCEU?
James Wan made Aquaman (2018).             Patty Jenkins made Wonder Woman (2017).           Zack Snyder made Batman v Superman (2016).              Wan made $260M profit. Jenkins made $250M profit. Snyder's 3 DCU movies made $150M profit.                  Zack Snyder had it all and couldn't out-profit Patty Jenkins or Wan or Todd Philips or Matt Reeves.            There are levels to this game. And the latter directors just do it better.
Funny considering aquaman is the exact opposite of Snyder film (and very mcu esque) and Wonder Woman thro out Snyder's orginal idea of totally different war/cast (and Diana being fond of severed heads) for a script by Heinberg, Johns and Jenkins which is why people loved the film
We know full well that just isn’t true. WW was supposed to be beheading people and anything Aquaman related does not match ZSJL. People like WW because of Allen Heinberg (writer of WW, Patyy really just took credit) and Aquaman because of wan. 💀
Bro is coping hard lol
I liked Afterlife, but the old cast returning was by far the worst part of the film.
by that stupid logic you were crazy when you think BvS should have made 1 Billion because of the same stupid reason I hear again "Reboots make less money than the previous movies"  LOL  Actually You're just making shit up to validate your opinion lol.
That guy didn’t see the Disney Star Wars movies
BvS is one of the films made
Lol stating BvS of all movies is one of the best superhero movies ever made like it’s a fact is delusional, a movie that was panned like BvS is not even in the discussion. People can have opinions that are delusional as fuck.
ZSJL wasn't a WB movie. So why would WB promote it?              It was promoted by HBOMax and was a streaming exclusive. And The Batman beat ZSJL at its own game - streaming.               Don't bring out the "but it was supposed to come out 5 years ago" excuse when y'all boasted about how its a completely different movie for 3 years.                The Batman dismantled the entirety of Snyderverse at everything. Profits. Streaming. Reviews. Awards.
Spidey was revealed in the trailers though wasnt he?
My point stands, y’all are very unhappy with DC movies for no reason
Millions of people also love BVS, I get it you hate Zack Snyder
Just google Batman vs Superman Premiere first Reactions. For example: https://www.standard.co.uk/culture/film/batman-v-superman-firstreactions-in-from-twitter-and-they-re-good-a3209111.html  Or on reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/DC_Cinematic/comments/4bbnw5/first_reactions_to_batman_v_superman_are_very/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
It's been sad for a while: the amount of energy he puts into this (and it is *definitely* a he) is incredibly bizarre.
I knew you guys would pretend a movie making 70 million dollars more based entirely on costing 70 million dollar less is a qualitative argument lol.
The ultimate edition was generally enjoyed more by general audiences so your entire “argument” automatically makes no sense in the first place, unless you’re just still insisting on trying to engage in a petty fan war and prove why your subjective ass opinion is somewhat “facts”
Batman v Superman was a mega hit. You guys just don’t like the same analysis applied to the Batman which was simply “no billion = no success”.
So you’re saying The Batman definitely isn’t a mega hit. Cause BvS made more money than it. In simple terms literally more people saw it.
The MCU's foundation, Phase 1, made FAR LESS than their later movies. That's how foundations work. They start small and low and build bigger and higher. What did their 2nd film, Incredible Hulk, make compared to BVS, the DCEU's 2nd film? Far less for another VERY well-known character.  You think that in 2017, RDJ's Iron Man and Spider-Man were not as big as the trinity? Come on. RDJ's Iron Man had made a billion in SEVERAL movies by then.  BALE'S BATMAN had made a billion. He was the ONLY ONE. Superman had NEVER done that. You know very well you can't just recast any role, and reboot a story line completely, and expect the movie franchise to just continue on at the same level of popularity. That immediately puts things in a rebuilding phase. Isn't that why The Batman didn't do as well as Bale's movies either?  If you're going to say BVS should've made the gross of Dark Knight Rises PLUS the gross of Man of Steel, than shouldn't Homecoming have made Iron Man 3 PLUS Amazing Spider-Man 2, at the very least? Which would be just a few clicks under $2 billion.  There is no logic, NONE, that can claim BVS should've made ANY MORE than Spider-Man: Homecoming. None. Homecoming should've made more, by the same standards that anyone has ever applied to claim why BVS should've made more than it did. And that discrepancy underlines how some deep, underlying bias seems to be affecting some people's skewed analysis of BVS.
Yeah but the bigger set pieces were because of covid or not?
Yep, even from the trailer, you can tell it's not a $100-million movie. To make a $100-million movie, you pretty much have to shoot it 90% in pre-existing locations. Not on big sets and not in CGI land. Ghostbusters: Afterlife cost $75 million, and it's almost all shot in a small Canadian town...and a Walmart, LOL.
That early budget report was simply wrong. Happens ALL the time in box office reporting. Everyone who saw it at the time said it was ridiculously low, and not accurate. That was NEVER the budget. And COVID did not in any way add $100 million to the budget. No source has ever claimed that. You can assume that if you want, but your assumption isn't evidence of anything. The disasters that affected M:I 7 are well-documented, that explain how it might've added $100 million to its cost. Nothing anywhere near that significant was documented or reported for The Batman. It would've been a huge story if it actually happened.
But this spent more on marketing than, again, almost anything else than BvS.
Dont bother, I remember this user. They never took the time off from this place I did when I realized how toxic it made me. Theyll never get better. I wish they would, maybe theyd come to the same realization I did about what an awful person Id become.
The benchmark will always be for Batman because there is no established billion dollar benchmark for the other characters.  And the angry responses I received from several other people for continuing in my 8th year of speaking out against the hive mind here is why it can take a while to get to your response.   Also I sometimes don’t bother because at the end of the day, I’m not interested in persuading you, simply presenting a rebuttal to your argument for anyone else perusing the thread. I know you are fully committed to the narrative that BvS ruined your childhood and is the cause for most ills in the world today.
A lot of people who didnt like BvS dont give UE a chance lol  best example is this guy: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqhPVeDqRg8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqhPVeDqRg8)  He disliked BvS but loves BvS UE. On twitter you you see a lot of people feeling that way if they watched UE.
You don't give The Dark Knight Returns to a 4-year-old. BVS should've been rated R and not marketed as a quippy slugfest. Then the audience would've come in with the right expectations, and left little Jimmy home. People who want a deep, thoughtful, intelligent, serious, adult movie that asks you to think about complex themes, and doesn't pump your brain full of mindless, mind-numbing effects and action, cliched dialogue and stock characters would've shown up.
Have you just forgotten how tarnished the Batman and Superman names had become at the movies, after some of the biggest, most hated flop movies of all time came out for both? They were tired, worn-out brands. The longer a brand is used in movies, the more it tends to turn off and alienate audiences. The MCU is just about the ONLY franchise that EVER bucked that trend. There is no INHERENT excitement in the EIGHTH Batman movie or SEVENTH Superman movie. "Gee why didn't jaws 4 make as much as Jaws 1, the Jaws brand was so hot in 1975 and everything!"  TSS was not during a "COVID surge." Free Guy came out a week later and beat it. TSS was in FIFTH PLACE by its SECOND WEEKEND. People were going to the movies, just not to that one. And PLENTY of R-rated movies, even superhero movies, have done well. Like Deadpool. TSS was supposed to be Gunn bringing Deadpool energy to DC films. So what went wrong? Other HBO Max movies with far lesser budgets like Conjuring 3, Tom & Jerry and Space Jam 2 did better or close to TSS as well.
Civil War made $1.1B. Why lie?
2 billion lol what? u are reaching yes i agree it should have made more profit but the studio cut 30 minutes which affected the boxoffice after watching the ultimate edition people started apologizing to zack Like i said it making little profit is better than no profit look at the other dceu outings Black adam flopped with 100 million loss The Suicide squad failed with 100+ million loss Ww84 failed with 100+milion loss Birds of prey flopped Shazam flopped 150+ million loss Also why didnt captain america winter soldier make a billion hmm i mean even the first suicide squad made more money and it got abysmal reviews
>That movie was a $2B contender in 2016  Anyone who ever claimed that would've been laughed out of the room. No one with any box office knowledge ever put out any numbers like that. You seem to be pulling this out of your butt, and your number for this non-existent prediction gets higher and higher the more you talk about it.
Cinemascores come in low when people's EXPECTATIONS were for something different than what they watched. BVS was marketed as a family-friendly action romp, but it was a much darker, more adult psychological character study and political thriller. I wouldn't recommend it for young kids at all, any more than I'd give them Watchmen or Dark Knight Returns to read. But BVS has only gained in esteem and remained in the cultural zeitgeist as the years have gone by, as the audience it was intended for has discovered and rediscovered it. Like The Shining, Blade Runner, The Thing and Scarface and other dark, mature movies misunderstood on release and expected to be simple exercises in easily digestible genre cliches, its reputation has grown and improved over time. And the extended cut did also help with that.
And Eternals and Ant-Man 3
Man, you're really grasping at straws with that argument. Are you really counting Joker, who was there for one scene, not even with a full appearance as one of the four? He wasn't even in any of the marketing, unlike *ahem* a certain superman killer. Do you seriously think people showed up for the movie to see Joker?
Kids movies don't have to be well-known. You see what Zootopia and Secret Life of Pets made?
It gotta take a whole another level of delusion to believe the small video clip tease of Aquaman in BvS is what made Aquaman gross over a billion.
That was a small minority. Casual audiences aren’t aware of Batman’s rule because he’s killed in every live action version before Batfleck’s.
History says that whenever someone starts a sentence with "I have deep and extensive knowledge of" - they don't know shit. And that tracks with you and your Reddit history.             We just got official media reports of The Batman absolutely dunking on Zack Snyder's entire DC run and you're out here working overtime, trying to argue about it.              You also said The Batman was flopping and barely breaking even in 2022.            It's best if you stopped replying because goddamn 😊
Good God, pack it in man. This is not the hill you want to die on.
It's like putting a dirty fishtank in front of my TV.
Fair enough. Then the box office of TSS was completely irrelevant to Peacemaker lol
Come to daddy 😈  Things are getting spicy up in here!
You're crazy for using Black Panther as an example because that is ACTUALLY how you introduce a character prior to his own film, not like how Snyder used Aquaman or Wonder Woman.           Black Panther's role in Civil War was MASSIVE. It had weight. It had importance. Aquaman and WW in BvS were glorified cameos for action scenes.               Patty Jenkins and James Wan made the characters popular and have any meaning or emotion. Snyder used them for action scenes.             On that topic - gotta hand it to Russo Brothers. They are everything Zack Snyder fans pretend Zack Snyder is.
Snyder produced, co-wrote and partially cast Wonder Woman. He cast both leads in Aquaman.
They like WW and Aquaman PRIMARILY because of Gadot and Momoa. Wow, so Snyder had ONE concept for WW that he changed his mind on while co-writing the movie! Snyder planned out many other things that were in the final movie, such as the WW1 setting and the beach invasion.
BvS should of made a billion, they clearly put money into it expecting it hit it. In fact, the movie was tracking to hit a billion after the opening weekend, it had a great opening. WOM was so bad that it had a huge second-weekend drop. By all means, anyone would consider this bad, and no outlet or analysis with creditability disagreed.  Reboots do indeed never reach a billion, if you thought the batman was expected to get it by the studio, then you're just ignorant.  You actually just have no idea what you're talking about, and you have no data to back yourself up.
You also haven’t seen a lot of movies
A movie being good or not cannot be objectively measured. Having an opinion that doesn't hurt anyone is never delusional
Batman won according to Samba TV. I don’t trust Samba to have all the numbers.  And as a reminder, one movie is BRAND NEW, and an HOUR shorter. The other movie is unprecedented, was made specifically for a group of fans, and is R-Rated. Also, plenty of jerks like you said this movie wouldn’t be that different, so they didn’t watch it.  Also, The Batman didn’t win any Oscars. It didn’t dismantle Jack Shit.
Also, ZSL has a higher IMDB rating
Yes he was
Your point makes no sense lol  I'll assume you have Snyder cock in your mouth,  Have a good day
It’s not no reason to dislike a bad movie lmao
Probably because they usually aren’t good.
Because alot of them aren’t good BvS being one of them
"That’s just your opinion, I love these movies so much y’all just seem so unhappy. Like maybe if you  were happy in life and actually enjoy movies you won’t be constantly mad at superhero movies because you’re unhappy with your life"  /u/your-moms-house-  Pathetic, childlike pedantry.
Also fuck other peoples opinions on movies, either you like it or you don’t
These guys have no argument here but “This Batman sucks This Batman better!”
You may be replying to the wrong thread, because your comment has nothing to do with my comment
Hulk as a property was well known, but nowhere near as big as either Batman or Superman. The Incredible Hulk also had to contend with the legacy of the terribly recieved Ang Lee Hulk from a few years prior.  Spider-Man Homecoming had to contend with the fact that it was the third version of Spider-Man in a decade, with the previous films suffering from ever deminishing returns. It achieved it's goal of establishing public goodwill for the new incarnation whilst being a finacial success, and was able to use that goodwill to reach over a billion dollars for the sequel.  BvS was intended as DC's answer to the Avengers, in terms of expected box office returns and audience reception, that's why it got sutch a huge budget compared to Spider-man. It unfortunately failed at both
Prove it. You also said The Batman wasn't breaking even. So your opinions are always marked false. Show me some factual evidence of DEADLINE and Variety getting the budgets wrong.                Also prove it to me how MI7 added $100M to its cost due to COVID but The Batman, filming in the same country, would add $0 to the cost.              You're just delusional. The Batman's OG budget was $100M-$120M and that is documented.
>  I know you are fully committed to the narrative that BvS ruined your childhood and is the cause for most ills in the world today.  Ive never said anything like that. At all. Ive been told that you have some.....issues though so im gonna walk away. I hope you get the help the other user received and wishes for you.
Using social media as a way of telling audience responses is a horrible idea. It’s only a very small sample of people.   For reference, all of twitter and a big amount of Reddit hate jk Rowling. Most her products still and will make money, because the ga does not care.
TSS came out mid pandemic and day/date on HBO Max
30 minutes wouldn’t had fixed it, nor would’ve ever happened in 2017, as no superhero movie other than the dark knight rises really did it.
While 2 billion might a bit much, it defo should have hit a billion easily. It was tracking one of the biggest opening ever and started as such, only for it to tank when WOM got out. It was that bad. If BvS was 30 mins longer it would have earned less, not more.  Shazam didn't flop. WW84 was a pandemic movie. So was The Suicide Squad, with day and date release on Max. It is their highest watched movie after the Batman. So to include them here, only makes your argument pointless.  Black Adam is mediocre and a few grades below BvS. No wonder it bombed.
And how did Spider-Man and Iron Man in the SAME movie in the MCU make almost the exact same amount BVS did within like 1%, and no one in the entertainment media ever claimed Homecoming was a failure? They just hyped it up because Marvel Marvel Marvel Disney Disney Disney.
Ya Forreal lol, that shit had almost nothing to do with it. No surprise coming from that dude tho, he’s one of the most delusional people I’ve ever seen when it comes to the snyderverse and he’s also like the biggest Gunn hater. Man is more of a Snyder/Cavill fan than an actual DC fan
Well said
You're racking up multiple dishonesty points in that comment.
Bet, he will
I think he’s already decided that it is lol.
DAMN
Not for season 2 and Waller spin off. Despite what everyone thinks here Peacemaker was not a huge hit on HBOMax…in fact it lost views as the series progressed to the finale. Check out the SambaTV numbers for the premiere and finale versus real HBOMax hits
You see it's why we need you straight men  to keep us in line   Ps thank you Daddy.  All I needed was a bit of Daddy  and all is well in the World  I'll be good now
WW's debut was unequivocally, hugely popular in BVS. NO ONE walked away saying Wonder Woman sucked from BVS...no one. You know that and I know it.  JL came before Aquaman, so JL was the intended lead-in to Aquaman's solo movie, a much more elaborate role than in BVS. Nobody disliked Momoa as Aquaman in JL and then suddenly liked him in Aquaman. His presence in the DCEU before Aquaman gave him huge credibility as a superhero action lead, the kind Ryan Reynolds' GL never had.  Does Spider-Man in CW qualify as a glorified cameo for an action scene? That's a rhetorical question.  Russos are good directors, but Civil War was disappointing compared to BVS, a much more cohesive, interesting and satisfying movie. They also seem to have been "inspired" by Snyder's DC plots for that movie as well as the Infinity movies.
Christopher Nolan wrote the story for Man of Steel and produced it.              You'll never hear anyone claim that Nolan made Man of Steel. Only fanatics like you like to make the same claim for Wonder Woman (2017). Because you KNOW for a fact that Snyder's own filmography doesn't stand a chance against WW (2017) or Aquaman (2018).                 But no one falls for that shit, sadly.             Maybe Snyder should make good movies so his fans don't have to steal other people's credits 🤣
Hello, it looks like you've made a mistake.  It's supposed to be could've, should've, would've (short for could have, would have, should have), never could of, would of, should of.  Or you misspelled something, I ain't checking everything.  Beep boop - yes, I am a bot, don't botcriminate me.
Lol so are you trying to tell me there is no such thing as a bad movie? Guess there is no such thing as a good movie or a bad movie because it can’t be measured, I guess the room is actually not a bad movie because some people online say it’s good
Oscars aren't the only awards on planet Earth lol. ZSJL was a massive disappointment and saying "I don't trust X source" doesn't really do much. It's like closing your eyes at reality - doesn't make it go away.                And it dismantled the entirety of Snyderverse. And in the process of it - dismantled the "audiences just don't like mature gritty superhero stories" excuse that Zack Snyder fans were riding for 7 years now. Even after Joker (2019) lmao.
Wtf are you even talking about🤣 why are you getting so mad dude lmfao
“Making a mediocre movie longer doesn’t make it better”
Wrong, theaters were WELL on the way to recovery by August 2021. Many huge hits had been filed in 2021 by then including F9. TSS was in FIFTH PLACE by its 2nd weekend. People were going to the movies, just not that one. And other day/date movies with far lower profiles and budgets did about the same or better, like Conjuring 3 and Space Jam 2.
What are ur probelms with bvs "it, nor would’ve ever happened in 2017, as no superhero movie other than the dark knight rises really did it." What the hell ru taking about
Also the suicide squad has a google rating of 3.6 for comparison the snyder cut have a 4.8 what the hell happened?
"If BvS was 30 mins longer it would have earned less, not more." How the hell would it make less lol it added a lpt more to the story most people prefer the ultimate edition Sorry it was shazam 2 it had a loss of 150 million + try and excuse that "WW84 was a pandemic movie" So what it was one of the worst superhero movies ever it would have made more money had it been a good movie "The Suicide Squad, with day and date release on Max." The conjuring 3 released almost around the same time it streamed on hbo max it made more money than suicide squad why? It also had the same r rating suicide squad was tagged as "the best superhero movie ever" while conjuring 3 was called "the worst of the franchise"
The Suicide Squad was NOT a pandemic movie. Franchise movies by that time in 2021 were performing within 15% of their prior outings. It performed abysmally compared to ALL other 2021 movies, including ones released on streaming at the same time. It lost more money than everything that year except Matrix 4.
And I usually have to go to my alt account for this kinda thing 🤣
How do you measure it objectively then?  I'm trying to tell you that people can enjoy any movie they want, and they don't deserve to be insulted for simply liking something
"That’s just your opinion, I love these movies so much y’all just seem so unhappy. Like maybe if you  were happy in life and actually enjoy movies you won’t be constantly mad at superhero movies because you’re unhappy with your life"  /u/your-moms-house-  Pathetic, childlike pedantry.
No studio would’ve let bvs be three hours long. The norm was and still mostly is to at the max be 2 and half hours long. There’s only been two superhero movies, the Batman and Endgame, since TDKR that have 3 hours long.
Oh damn I didn't mean to make you do that I'm sorry for being slutty Papi 😘  But um, you are charming so..... ❤️
Wait, are you at least taking me with you?
Jesus what’s your problem dude🤣 you’re the one insulting me lmfao
I don’t know why you’re getting so mad about a movie 🤣
3 hours is essential to the story since it is batman v superman they need that time to develop both characters
Oh my 😁
When people think something looks low budget in a particularly plastic way, they say it looks like a Power Rangers movie but I’m honestly surprised more movies haven’t tried to lean into that and give an over the top almost anime type hero with campy costumes.  I don’t think this movie will 100% be that but it makes me think
toku is definitely not a bad thing for superhero movies to take notes from
Reminds me of Beetleborgs
Man power rangers was my childhood. I was so disappointed the movie only had them suit up for the last 20 mins or so
Reminds me of Beetleborgs!
That suit is incredible! Top tier for sure
so, it's made for kids. I'll pass.
I'm still surprised there isn't a CBM that incorporates anime styled choreography/effects. MBJ did it with Creed III and pulled it off quite well.
The Saint Seiya Netflix live adaptation being made seems to appear that way.
Beetle armor.
They could’ve done so much better the cast was great but it messed more rangers
The Guvyer is actually more adult-oriented.  Sentai is basically just Japanese superheroes.
There's a rumor that Marvel's The Marvels movie will incorporate anime styled choreography/effects
Man of Steel kryptonians
Aquaman felt very anime at times, I felt at least.
Makes sense -- while not quite anime, I remember Ms Marvel had some of that too.
Oh yeah! That's right. It was very anime-like. Probably which is why I liked it so much. That fight was my favorite part of the movie and probably my favorite fight in CBM.
Hands down. I've seen it dozens of times and I'm still awestruck by it.
If we ever get a *good* Dragonball Z live action adaptation, I'd love to see that style incorporated into the Dragonball movie
That’s amazing
So good!
BEAUTIFUL
Your works never cease to amaze. Can't wait to see the final product!
Amazing work! Cant wait to see it done. A shame no love for Jared Leto or Cameron Monaghan, but I completely understand.
Thank you!!
Thank you! 🌟
THANK YOU!
Haha, I’m  glad you enjoy seeing my works, truly! Thank you so much! I’ll post more updates as soon as I can 👍😊
Thank you! I mean, if you look to the bottom right, there is a Jared Leto reference 👍  I’ll probably add Cameron Monaghan in a future piece as he has been requested quite a bit
That Leto reference is great lol
Love the art! Wish both Monaghan and Leto were in this. Leto and jacks gangster jokers by each other wouldve been so cool. I really wish we got the Ayer cut because I think people would respect his joker a little more. I liked him personally. He was unique
Glad it was a nice touch 😂 haha thanks!
You would have used images from Injustice 2 Mobile, there are the characters in their versions of the movie (with the actors' faces)
I don’t have them there, unfortunately.
I really like this. Ever thought about making a full fledged animated short? Like 2-3 minutes.
Ah yes, the new Overwatch collab with DC characters.   Great highlight intro
That's too good!
Love this, it make me want to see a mouth on him in cinema, i think its important to see his emotions. make this work warner
Oh, that's just ugly.
Yeah i did. It flopped hard. I'm going to try again at some point though.
I worked on OW when i made this. It was very heavily i spired by my team.  Thanks 🙏
Why the hell do they keep using that constipated photo of him?
Looks like he is taking a huge shit
I get him being frustrated as an actor wanting to do more and there was more for the character to do if they wanted, but as a viewer, I enjoyed his small role and what they did.  He was great in TWS with some truly great scenes, had an extremely vital scene in CW, and his What If cameo was fun. Not every character is a major player. His MCU role was small, but great and has memorable stuff.  Excited to see what he does in DC.
I loved him as Crossbones despite the short amount of screen time he got. He was also pretty good in Boss Level (2020).   I wonder who he's playing? Maybe Rick Flag Sr. or Deathstroke would be my guess.
Crossbones should have teamed up with Zemo for the Civil War movie
Idk seems a little petty. Im sure there are tons of actors who wanted a larger role in the mcu too, and Grillo isnt exactly Day-Lewis…
Crossbones should have been the villain of Falcon and the Winter Soldier   Rumlo tells Sam that he’s out of his depth as Sam struggles to fight him in The Winter Soldier.   It would have been a great story beat to show that Sam can grow into his role by beating Rumlo as Crossbones.
Well if he is frustrated at marvel just wait until he gets to dc.
He's been upset since they killed his character off in CW.  He had to be convinced to come back for Endgame/What If, so this isn't really anything new.  Hopefully his role in the DCU is more satisfying for him.
I literally have no idea what Grillo had done before or has done since being Crossbones so, I dunno. Like, obviously he should aspire to be and get more with his career, but this seems like a very “shut up, Meg” moment.
He’s like a c-level villain. He got more screen time that i expected!
Bruh was a side character what did he expect?
Didn’t this guy do like 1 movie and 1 scene in another one like 7 years ago? Seems like he’s just hopping on the bandwagon.
Oh no
Dude was in The Winter Soldier, Civil War, Endgame and What If…? The entitlement is unreal. Just a matter of time before he complains about this gig.
Sick of this straight to dvd mf whining about being under-utilised. He’s lucky he even got the opportunity.
He’d make an excellent Deadshot seeing as the first Suicide Squad movie has probably been retconned.
Is voicing Rick Flagg's cartoon dad really that much more fulfilling?
The guy takes himself too seriously. Just be grateful. Honestly thought he looked like a tiny guy compared to Chris Evans, and should feel lucky they even made him cross bones. I can see him doing D rated movies for the next 10 years.
Holy crap, this guy's been busy. Long list of credits and he has *six* projects in post production at the moment. Does he just accept any role given to him lol ?
He was frustrated because.... he played the lead henchman for like 4 movies? He was never more than a C character in any of his movies and his role didn't need to expand upon that.  Glad hes joing DCEU but dude needs to understand his character's role in a movie...
You mean the guy who’s performance wasn’t really anything special? Right cause that’s marvels fault not the guy who’s doing the actual work…
His character died, like twice  So idk what he's disappointed about
Marvel: “Hey Frank, we want to cast you as a minor villain in a franchise where the villains typically show up once and are never seen again. Cool?”  Frank: “Cool”  Frank a few years later: “Wait no not like that!”
Sooo deathstroke?
Crossbones died six years ago.  He "quit" nothing, he was a minor character that didn't have people clamoring for them and he died.  Someone call the wambulance.  I like Grillo a lot though, I'm sure he'll be fine.
Thank God I'm not the only one who thought Crossbones was wasted. Man's was a fucking badass in the comics.
I have no idea who this person is.
What did he expect? He was a minor villian, and he is not a great actor.
Well, that and his character is dead in the MCU….
I thought he could have been Punisher in a different universe.
Swamp thing?
Crossbones was definitely underused and all, but this title makes it look like Grillo made the decision to leave Marvel and come to DC. His character has been dead since 2016 and had a cameo in Endgame. It's not like he left the role. The role has been done for a while.
B movie actor wants to be A-list.
No he's not, his last live action paycheck was from 2016 in civil war where his character was killed off in a pivotal scene that triggered the conflict for the rest of the movie. His last actual appearance was in What If series almost 2 years ago. He didn't leave the character, the character had literally reached its conclusion in the verse.
Lmao and he joined DC instead? Is he aware of how WB treats their actors? I swear they making Gunn out to be this Kevin fiege level of control but turns out he is just another director for WB to throw away when they see it.
Except he didn’t leave the MCU, the character died and he still came back several times! Now he’s gotten another offer that’s great but don’t pretend it’s a principled decision
It's Crossbones.....I mean he got more appearances then Red Skull.
We don’t care about super hero movies anymore. These MFs out here switching teams like the NFL.
Would be sick if they had Crossbones around still! He’d be an awesome wildcard in the Thunderbolts!
Must be frustrating that nobody knew who you were prior to the MCU and now because of that “small” role your getting other acting jobs. So frustrating.
What did he expect? He wanted to become an Avenger? Not a fan of his attitude
He's gonna be Batman
His character literally died in civil war, wt else did he expect them to do with the character.
Eh don't be confused, frank has leaned into the right wing grift ever since he gained a sliver of fame. Marvel wouldn't work with him even if they didn't already kill off his character.
He’s upset at being cast as a c list villain and being treated like a c list villain?
Frustrated at marvel so going to dc. 😂 Not the best track record.
Awww poor little Frank Grillp wanted more screen time so he’s stomped off.
Yeah sorry Frank but you're not that great an actor.
I liked his presence in the winter soldier, really set up crossbones to be a threat. Really stupid how they threw away his whole character as a plot device in civil war.
Batman
The guy's a prick, read about his behavior
I legit forgot he was in the MCU
I have no idea who he even is. So yeah. Do your thing buddy.
Crossbones had one of the single coolest supervillain designs in a movie. And they killed him in less than thirty minutes.
I mean, when you’re teased to play the guy who (more or less) assassinated Captain America in the comics, only to die in the opening minutes of the movie that followed, you tend to get a little peeved.
Glad he's finally talking a bit about how crappy they treated the character and therefore him.  While Marvel has done good casting, it just seems like they have wasted quite a few in tiny or throwaway roles.
Yeah, the mcu has a habit of killing off villains too quickly, crossbones being one of the major examples
Frank grillo will literally shoot Chinese propaganda if the money is right who cares
After seeing the Purge movie he was in, I think he would have made a great Punisher. Bet that is great, but I actually think I would have preferred Grillo. Both great options, though.   He was wasted in Marvel on such a C-list character.  Hope he gets a good role in the new DC
More of Marvel's sloppy seconds for DC. Just what has always excelled at the box office in the past with Bryan Singer, Joss Whedon and James Gunn. /s
Underrated actor, hope DC utilizes him well.
Marvel wastes their actors on bad writers
Can we just elect James Gunn as king of all comics and give him control of both Marvel and DC cinematic universes?
For 57, he looks insane.
Unrelated but what's wrong with his left shoulder in this picture? Looks like it's dented or something.
Who he gonna play cause he’s definitely showing his age atp
I’d love to see him take on Slade
He was better on Billions.
What's that animated character from?
I liked his Crossbones. There were only a few ways to bring him back after what Wanda did to him. I didn’t expect to see him again. Loved his interactions with Steve, they were very much opposites and I would have liked to see more.
This is for dropping a building on my face
So what role would y'all want to see him in?
Because he blew himself up he literally started the rift between the avengers leading to the fight in Civil War he was actually pretty vital.
Someone on here suggested boss level and that shit was entertaining as fuck.
Why do people just post an image showing the headline? Where's the link to the article?
Love him in kingdom
It just means crossing Ventura Boulevard.
Who?
So he's gonna play Kite Man, right?
Well his character got blown up so….
This dude’s a tank!!
The headline makes me think of the DCU and MCU as some sort of pro wrestling orgs. The background isn't helping either.
Dilf.
I like him more than some of the current MCU heroes to be honest...
Oh good a charisma vacuum.
is he that hydra guy from ultron or smth i genuinely don’t know who he played
Lots of people shitting on Grillo's career here. He's played in a few mediocre movies, I'll give you that, but he's capable of more with the right script. He was great in Warrior, played Joel Edgerton's MMA coach, but he wasn't just a tough guy there. He was quite a warm and "brotherly" character. Like I said, he needs the right movie. He's one of those actors. He's going to be hired for random forgettable shit because he basically looks like The Punisher AKA Tough Action Man. The problem is, he hasn't been hired for the right special role yet. Put him in something like Mission Impossible or John Wick with a good role and he'll be remembered a little more than he is now.  Like somebody else said, I think Grillo was really banking on Crossbones escalating his action career.
I feel ya buddy. They did your character dirty in Civil War.
Ummm wasn’t his character also dead in the MCU?   Face it he’s the dollar tree Jon Berenthal. MCU no longer needed him
Man upset his character, based on a C-level villain in the comics, doesn't have big role in Marvel movies.
Yeah, he was perfect fro cross bones ( despite being shorter ). Would have been a better task master. But either way marvel fucked up.  I hope hee death stroke or someone awesome in dc where Gunn will give him the proper respect.
Frustrated how? He was a great character that had a great arc.
They wasted Crossbones early, he would have been a much better villain in FATWS instead of that Karli Morgenthau.   Always have a soft spot for Frank Grillo, dude is a beast even at 57 and have been doing tons of villain roles in Chinese films recently. Would really love to see his work in DCU.
Crossbones go boom
😂 bruh died back when Vision was still alive, Wanda wasn't a psycho yet, Cap still looked young and Falcon was still Falcon....you at DC cuz you died over 5 years ago dawg 😂
He then ate 5 steak quesoritos. This photo is the end result or these actions.
Good for him. 👍🏿
He was a minor villain used as a minor villain…. Yeah so much to be frustrated at
He played a minor villain? Is he playing Green Arrow in DC? Like a important character or something?
MCU: he will be missed and wish him nothing but the best on his time at DC.  MCU: “whispers” who?
Someone get him a tissue.
Who?
I mean.... he was there to be a twerp and die... that was the entire role. So to be pissed that he never got to do more is just whining for whining's sake.
Do we know which character he is going to play?
What is he complaining about? He's been in one of the biggest productions of the past 20 years... sorry you weren't Iron Man bro...
He was in, like, two movies. Dude pulling a Terrance Howard?
I'll say he absolutely stole the first bit of the movie when he was Crossbones.
Does anyone have a link to him saying this? I know he said he was (likely) joining DC, but I’ve only seen the “frustrated with marvel” thing based on people’s own editorial interpretation.  I’m not saying he didn’t say it. I just want to read/hear him saying it so I know it’s not just a narrative interpretation.
I think I've seen this quote 10 times since he said it and...I mean, I can understand the guy hoping being in the MCU would be a breakout for him, but he was playing a minor villain. It's not like he was a A-Lister promised a leading run that got cut back. Unless they cast him as an absolutely iconic villain (of which there are very few) or a hero, the DCU isn't going to be much better for him.
Frank Grillo needs to be taken down a peg.   He's not as good an actor as he thinks he is
the did rumlow dirty. wasted a great villain.
That is our next slade then
Potential Deathstroke? :)
I always thought that this guy needs to be in a proper superhero film
MCU don't kill off a vilian after 1 second challenge
Years and years later...and who is complaining? Lol yeah I'm sure he'll have a MONUMENTAL role lol 😆
totally fair.  he was a solid Crossbones and I thought he was great in Civil War.    could have been a great recurring villain, but they have a bad habit of killing off a lot of villains too quick.
He left the MCU for DC ... after his character was already killed off? Okay.
Don’t think Frank Grillo is calling any sort of shots regarding his career or the film industry at large. He’s a bit player, get real!
Good his acting and character were wasted in the MCU
This guy is a huge tool
I mean, his villain is a minor character in every iteration and still got one of the biggest recurring roles MCU villains get.
Good for him. But I don’t get all the fuss. Rumlow got plenty of screen time, which Grillo made the most of; a terrific turn in an elevator, launches a floating death armada, a good death of his own doing, an after credits, a Crossbones origin of sorts and a SUIT, face time with Nat and Cap, and ignites the Accords fuse, damn near gets to Cap while talking shit to America’s Hero. Then, BLAM! Better to burn out, than fade away. Great villain.   Who gets development like that? Loki. Thanos. Nebula. Joker.
*dc makes him kg beast
Got half a movie and like 2-5 minutes worth of cameos. Crossbones played a bigger role in Cap’s story in the Civil War comic
Didn’t he die in the MCU? What project is he “leaving.”
The MCU is notorious for casting good actors as villains and absolutely wasting them. The most recent examples being Bill Murray and Christian Bale. I'd go even far as to say the only fully realized movie villains they have are Loki and Thanos.
Jumping on the Titanic isn’t exactly the best move.
I could see him being deathstroke
DC is taking over guys
Hell i’d be frustrated too if I blew up
Is he the older Batman?
Secret Wars and the multiverse nonsense could undo any death in the MCU. Jumping ship and burning bridges before the DC films have even come out seems like a dumb idea. For all we know he could be playing another minor character.
Imagine wasting Frank Grillo.
Gets frustrated by Disney and moves over the WB. Bc WB is definitely known for doing right by there talent, especially when it comes to DC... good luck with that
What an unthankful fuck.   S/ since there’s little context
He had a small ass character. What else did he think ? He was gonna be the next Zemo or Thanos? Sick of hearing about his complaining.
It’s the super freaks I’m telling you
A huge shit on Marvel?
He doesn't think he looks constipated. He looks cool as fuck while he's tensing the shit out of his body
The veins
One of those strenuous ones you gotta pull your shirt off for.
I can't unsee it now. Thanks.
Literally lol'd. That doesn't happen to me very often, thanks sir.
Taking a huge shit on MCU, right ?   On MCU, right ? -  Clueless Padme.
Took*
From what i have heard he indeed is a huge shit
r/fecalimpact
Yeah I mean crossbones was a minor villain they used him very well...as a minor villain.
Nearly every marvel villain is a throwaway, so I’m not sure why he would expect anything more than what he got when he was a secondary villain in a solo movie.
Why does everyone forget he was in Endgame.
Well actually I wouldn’t blame him for feeling that way. Arguably the biggest hole in MCU was that Winter Soldier set him up as the next big bad for the third captain America movie in its post credit scene. Then I believe the announcement about BvS and Justice League coming out in the near future made MCU adjust its arc to do a Civil War story. So his set up was reduced to an isolated event where Scarlet Witch fucked up and triggered the Civil War.   He probably felt like his chance to hit big as a MCU villain was taken away from him.
I loved him in TWS and CW, but I feel like he could have been a good recurring character.    Didn't need to be a major villain, but he could have had a few more appearances.    hell they brought back Batrog, who's a way less interesting villain on the screen.    they could have kept crossbones around for a while.    that being said, the scene where he tries to sacrifice himself to take out Cap is pretty fantastic.
Yeah, I get it but he was cast as crossbones. Years of comic reading and I can't pull anything great about the character, his biggest roll was in Midnight Suns, and I wish he was swapped out with.... Basically anyone. He was great in the moments outside of the crossbones perdona though. Like him though, excited to see him in the DCU
He would be a killer Deathstroke, but it looks like they’ve got him as Flag sr.
Boss Level became an inside joke between my brother and I and I just got whiplash hearing it mentioned
Boss Level was about 10x better than I expected it to be lol. Absolutely a blast start to finish. I wish there were more movies like that. Just fun as hell with a simple ridiculous premise but executed perfectly. I’m trying to think of another movie like that I just saw and loved but it’s escaping me
Should have. Such a waste. Frank Grillo is more than a decent enough actor to play a bigger role than he had. He could have stuck around and been in Falcon Winter Soldier series
Got to disagree with that, the entire point of Zemo was him pitting the Avengers against themselves, Crossbones helping him defeats the entire purpose.
Crossbones would have been perfect for the Thunderbolts movie.
And it's not like he's gonna be a lead in DCU either
He was hired for a specific role and he must’ve known that he wasn’t going to get a ton of screen time?  Now, I don’t know if he was meant to have a bigger role and got cut down, then I get the frustration.   * Didn’t read the article just to be transparent and is only making assumptions *
He's just frustrated that he was given a bigger role and become more famous I bet.
Right? The dude is a B-movie actor who had the great fortune to be cast in the MCU and get a *huge* career boost.  He’s always come off as an ass though.
Yeh but this is r/DC_Cinematic so...FUCK MARVEL!!   Am I doing it right?!
There’s no pettiness to it. Marvel wasn’t offering him any work, they killed of the character he played within ten minutes. He’s an actor who works for money and DC offered him a part.
Right, except that Crossbones died at the beginning of Civil War.
A whole new level of frustration.
I think he must talk to Joe Manganiello...
Yeah, he's kind of a mid-range actor who mostly does genre-work (horror, thriller, action).  I enjoy his work though for sure, especially in The Purge 2 and 3.  He's good at what he does (playing grizzled tough guys) although idk how much range he has.  For what it's worth, he definitely would've been a great punisher if Jon Bernthal wasn't so perfect already, so I'm excited to see what he'll be up to in the DCU.
He’s a type cast character for foreign films. Bad military or paramilitary guy.
hes been in a few Chinese propaganda movies where he plays the American bad guy
He drives cars really fast.
Maybe only being hired for one movie & then immediately killed off is the kind of thing he means when he says he's frustrated
Yeah, like, I enjoyed his role, and I get that he was likely to have a larger role in Cap 3 til it pivoted to CW, but fuck me. I think he's just salty this didn't launch his career to a higher level. I don't think he's done anything since in anything I'd care to see. There's a reason he keeps reminding people of his Cap role.
Right, like there was no need to add him to Endgame.  It was a nice gesture by Marvel.
It hasn’t, though. *The* Suicide Squad is definitely a sequel. Waller, most of all, along with Flag, Harley and Boomerang didn’t need introductions, as that took place in *SS*. Harley’s relationships with Boomer and Flag were made in *SS*. Also, I may get flamed for this, but, Margot/Harley aside, Will Smith’s Deadshot was the best character in that movie. I think he chose not to, but, I wanted him to return for *TSS*. It didn’t need him - especially with Bloodsport - but, if the others deserved to return, he definitely did, too.  Oh, and Flag’s “we consider that term (Suicide Squad) degrading” line is definitely referencing the first movie.  So there. 😂
he'd also be playing him in live action
Grillo’s Manager: “So Frank, we’ve bee given these 7 scripts for you to take a look at.  Which one would you like to read?”  Grillo: “Yes.”
Crossbones from Captain America  https://youtu.be/SVA4LmNdrOc
Lex Luthor: At least I will discover the true identity of The Flash. Also Lex Luthor:
He was also in Warrior with Tom Hardy
He’s the guy from prison break
Nobody does.
Its wild, ‘cause the “Brock Rumlow”/“Crossbones” role is what he’s known for most, according to Wikipedia. I definitely don’t think “Marvel” when I hear “Frank Grillo”. Granted, I’ve never seen *TWS* or *CW* in their entireties.
Crossbones ended up assassinating Steve Rogers in the comics, so maybe somewhere along those lines.
Strongly disagree, he is fucking great in the Purge movies
I could see him as the Punisher closer to the comics in a reboot after Bernthal officially retires
Dude's been getting acting jobs for literally 30 years. TV and movies.
Why are you so butthurt about what he said lmao don’t take it to heart dude.
His suit was most definitely hard as fuck.
Yes, and Henry Cavill was used amazingly..... as was Oscar winner Ben Affleck...
He's 57? Thought he was early to mid 40s
When I hit 40 I’m going on the TRT like all these older Hollywood fitness guys.
Grillo is fun competent actor.
“Frank Grillo would take any role offered to him by DC, after previous role in MCU dries up.” Fixed it.
Keaton is
You guys don't strip down to your birthday suit before you take a shit?
Nooooo! Crossbones is the most compelling and complex villain ever! How could you forget the beloved Crossbones limited series that explores his rich backstory?! /s
Back in the day I was really hoping to see Crossbones be part of The Thunderbolts when they eventually came around to doing The Thunderbolts.   & then he blew up in Civil War.
Bingo. He’s a goon. He was a high profile goon that got to be in 3 movies. That’s a fair shake. Maybe Frank wants more work, but Crossbones really ain’t that guy.
That’s definitely how it started out but certainly isn’t the case anymore. Loki, US Agent, Agatha, Namor, Kang, Ghost, Taskmaster, Dormammu, Abomination, The Leader, Thanos, Baron Mordo, Darren Cross, Ayesha, Kingpin, and Justin Hammer are all villains who had or will have multiple appearances.
I don't think nearly every villian is a throwaway as Marvel brings back villains or keeps them alive more these days or explores them more in What If if they are dead, it is more 50/50, but I do agree with the second half.  If he was in the same role today, it may be a different story. This was pre D+ shows and pre them keeping villians around to revisit later.
Why are we treating the "every Marvel villain is a throwaway" sentiment like a thing actors need to get used to and not a thing Marvel needs to stop doing?
Secondary? That’s being very very generous.. he was tertiary at best, and they didn’t need to use him so soon (or at all) after The Winter Soldier.   The MCU still doesn’t understand the concept of creating good antagonists, much less why it’s important to not kill off your villains — sadly, Grillo was a casualty of this.    Hopefully Gunn & crew can give him some room to breathe.
Marvel has fucking up for awhile , they come up with fun villains and kill them off in the same movie.
i love mcu and marvel as a whole, but for the most part marvel villains just don’t compete with dc at all
It's very clear what's going on. It seems clear that James Gunn has decided to start low-key trashing Marvel in the press. He's already thrown shade at Feige twice in just a couple of weeks. It's subtle to be sure, but looks like they're firing the first shots across the bow in a war.
Because they changed up his scenes when they finally managed to make Cap 3 a Civil War movie.  There was a lot of drama back then with the old Marvel leader and how he tried to axe civil war and other female lead roles.
Cuz he barely did or said anything when he was there, and was only in the movie for maybe thirty seconds.
The MCU absolutely did and do not give a single flying fuck what the DCU is doing. I guarantee they didn't adjust their plans because of BvS.  EDIT: Also Civil War released a month after BvS so they were both in production at the same time  EDIT: On further googling I'm wrong! Apparently Feige did consider it and I'm a fool.
It’d be interesting to see where the MCU would’ve gone had they never taken the Civil War route. They were definitely building up to Thanos from his brief cameos in Avengers and GOTG, but would the execution have been different?   In hindsight it’s kinda funny how WB and DC’s failed first official attempt at making a cinematic universe was enough to wake Marvel’s idea back up
Lol no, they absolutely did not set up Crossbones as the next big bad in the post-credits scene for the Winter Soldier.  There's two post credits scenes: the first is Baron Von Strucker messing around with Quicksilver and Scarlett Witch, and the second is Bucky looking at a memorial for him in the Smithsonian.  There is very short scene in the Marvin Gaye montage towards the end that shows Crossbones survived the building falling on him, and is being medically treated.  There is nothing that implies he's going to be the big bad in the the next Captain America movie.
Bruh is to short for deathstroke
Deathstroke for me too. Would love see Batman against him, like in the Arkham games, i think the first one when joker puts a bounty on batman, i love it when he asks Batman what are you.
Yeah agreed, but I would love for him to be just a secondary antagonist on his own. Imagine Avengers are at the odds with each other and theres also a Rumlow causing ruckus. And both teams try to stop him while fighting each other and maybe thats how Roudy got crippled, instead of Vision accidentally shooting him which I found a bit stupid. But maybe this would be to chaotic to follow
To be fair his role in Wjnter Soldier was much larger than his role in Civil War. But I wouldn’t think there’s any guarantee when you sign a Marvel contract that you’ll gradually get more screen time, especially as a lower level villain.
I have no personal problem with this guy so I’m speaking as unbiased as I possibly can, this shit is petty. Even if this is how you felt, the *very* last thing you should do is talk to the press about it like this. Any movie you’ve ever seen, I promise you, is full of actors who would love to be the star. But you take it and keep going, you dont whine about it. Also this was not just the “first 10 mins” of Civil War, bro was a SUPPORTING in Winter Soldier. Meaning he was featured heavily enough and with enough dialogue to get screen time several times, which is more than some actors get in their entire lives. Point of all of this is that this behavior is immature and should *not* be rewarded.
Yeah, they probably know that & believe that was a choice Marvel shouldn't have made
Yes… that’s what “should have” means.
He was great in Warrior, that was a less military-style role and he pulled it off well.
Hitman
Well that isn't great for any view he'd like some to have of him.
He was in The Winter Soldier and came back for Civil War.  His death in CW is extremely significant and relevant to the plot.  Then came back AGAIN for Endgame, and then What If?  Four MCU projects for a straight-to-Hulu actor is a pretty good gig.
I do like Will Smith in that movie, and I think the original gets more hate than it deserves....buuuut I also feel it deserves a lot of the scrutiny, mainly due to its final act.  Will isn't my ideal Deadshot because he handles the loving father aspect of the character well but not the Deadshot assassin aspect that well (feels like they're the same personality when the contrast is what makes him interesting) but he did a good job in that group when it comes to taking the leadership role.  Not sure I'd fully agree, but I'm js, I get you and agree to some extent!
Damn. He was badass once he was in the suit.
Warrior*
And at least 2 Purge movies.
Anyone that’s seen the winter soldier should know who he is lmao
> Crossbones ended up assassinating Steve Rogers in the comics  Bit of a stretch, considering the entire thing was planned and orchestrated by Red Skull, and is honestly more accurately put to blame on Tony Stark like most things that go wrong in Marvel.  All he had to do was pull a trigger, and he also immediately got beaten into the fucking earth by Bucky.  He's a bit player, a pawn piece, and nothing more and never has been.  If Frank Grillo didn't research the character before accepting the role, that's his fault.
You do realize that the comic audience is different from the movie audience?  Going back to the point, in the greater scope of the MCU, crossobones wasn't a big or influential player/villian, the actor should've know this. I get it that every single one of them wants a bigger part to play (meaning a bigger job) but that's not how it works.
Also the tv show Kingdom with Nick Jonas
Fair enough, very subjective at the end of the day, but like I said a very very minor villian and probably will end up the same in the dcu.
Ok?
Yea, Google had to ruin my fun.
Nah Keaton isn't going to be the DCU Batman.
What else would you lock the door with?
Bro I take EVERYTHING off! It’s the only way I get comfortable.
No people always give me that side eye when I'm naked at the urinal
It's like us asking for a super deep backstory for captain cold. The dogshit cw shows don't count.
Maybe if we took a minute to ask ourselves how his bones got crossed, we wouldn't be in this mess right now
I wish Justin hammer showed up again
Zemo too
Yeah, what's great with Marvel is they learn from their mistakes. Shitty villains? Phase 4 elevated their villains. Too much content? Fine, we'll ease up Phase 5 releases. The only issue I have with them right now is the MCU tone, they should change it drastically from movie to movie.
He was a secondary but important villan in Wibter Solider and came back in Civil War.   Where he died.  He then came back in What If... in an alternate Sheild.  He's been in more movies and TV shows than most Marvel secondary villians.
Because ultimately marvel is the one hiring the actors so until marvel changes their style the actors do just need to get used to it
He was in 2 movies and What If as a secondary badguy.   Crossbones isnt even a good or inteteresting Badguy and Grillo was fine at best in the role.
Are you talking about comics or movies/series?
So Gunn says he and Feige are friends who still talk and root for each other but an actor, who again is NOT James Gunn, saying he wanted more screen time is Gunn "firing the first shots across the bow in a war"?
My guy jumped to conclusion so far fetched that he ended in Japan
You're so weird. Stop it.
There is no war.
This dude is keeping more notes about Gunn than Gunn fans
you mean about the superhero fatigue being a thing but its not cause of superheroes, its cause of a lack of emotional story or something like that.
Bruh you're reaching for literally anything to spin against Gunn lol.
Well James dosen’t need to do anything, marvel is sure to kill the MCU year or so when this phase is deemed a failure again.
And probably still got a good amount of cash.  Grillo is a B-movie actor who should be happy with the career boost he got by playing Crossbones.  Just comes off as incredibly ungracious.
Yeah, it was one of the things Ike Perlmutter pushed back on and is one instance where I'm glad he failed.
No, there’s stories out there about how MCU was beginning to feel complacent after the success of the first avengers. It wasn’t until the announcement of these two DC movies came out a full year later after the first avengers movie and after Man of Steel’s release that MCU realized that they’d need to compete with the potential DC cinematic universe that they decided to go the riskier path of adapting civil war on the big screen. I believe that was when the plans for crossbones was gutted in the favor of plans for civil war.
🫡
The only reason Civil War was made was because DC announced BVS, KV even said it himself.
Tell that to the guy who played Deathstroke in Titans. He was not a tall man by any means but damn he was fucking intimidating.
Nah. Vision accidentally shooting Roady builds his relationship with Wanda better. Also, Rumlow’s suicide bombing is essentially what starts the plot of the movie. He didn’t need anymore screen time than that imo.
Phase 2 is known for wasting so many good villains with tons of potential.  Imagine how good Secret Invasion, CA4, etc...and other films would have been if Von Strucker, Ultron, Klaw, and Crossbones were still around.
just like how ulysses klaue was killed off despite being the best character in *black panther*, or ultron being killed off despite having such insane potential.   marvel wastes some iconic and super well-acted villains.
Probably, but you never know. I've forgotten all sorts of stuff.
Good deal.  Yeah. The studio destroyed Ayer’s movie. It was really good…until it wasn’t. You can tell Enchantress wasn’t supposed to be the villain. Her introduction was SO dope, too. What a waste.
Yup.  Edited.
Loved him in those.
Yes, but who’s to say Frank Grillo hasn’t read the comics?  Maybe he did know about this, maybe he was strung along, or maybe he was in the dark altogether.   Anyways, I was just trying to answer your question about “what did he expect?”
Man I miss the shit out of this show.  Grateful for 3 amazing seasons (altho season 3 threw me a bit with the time jump), but holy shit was there some absolutely stellar writing and acting going on here.  Absolute crime that more people don't know about it :\
That's a problem. Crossbones is a more grounded rough around the edges villain and he's a minor villain, compared to a giant purple alien dude who wants colorful rocks
…don’t forget the nipple clamps…
Just turn the other cheek and give them that brown eye
I mean his portrayal on The Flash and Legends of Tomorrow was legitimately good and gave him a lot of depth. Reducing him to "thug with a freeze gun" is kinda lame when you can do more with him.
This. Captain Cold is a compelling villain when he's with the rest of The Rogues. But he isn't fucking, idk, Thanos or Doctor Doom or The Joker.
captain cold doesnt count... he´s actually pretty interesting
Oddly enough, the CW version is the best version of Captain Cold.
They could do the DC Black Label story of Rogues for a limited series/movie.  I would watch the shit out of that.
Bro 😂😂
He’s speculated to be apart of the Armor Wars movie so you might get your wish granted!
hammer's little dance prior to his speech is the best part of *iron man 2.*
Can’t have too much Sam Rockwell.
If i learned anything from following the MCU till 2020, whenever an actor starts saying they want to reprise the role again and acts excited about it, means they are already cast and can't give it away  Sam Rockwell has been on doing that
How could I forgot the dancing devil himself?!?
Hopefully we’ll be getting that too. Blade should be completely different in tone than any other MCU film (if done right)
It is a net positive for actors, viewers, and Marvel to make more interesting memorable villains.  Actors play more engaging and career defining roles, viewers get to enjoy iconic characters like Loki and Thanos, and Marvel makes more money and marketable characters.  Why would I ever sympathize with Marvel in this exchange when they come off as the disinterested business man only concerned about getting top dollar for the bare minimum?
He was in THREE movies. They brought him back for a cameo in Endgame. I don’t know what his issue is. MCU fed him well for a bit villain.
DC fans really just want drama as that's the only thing exciting than DCU's half-baked movies. Good thing the reboot is close.
I'd rather be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war. 😎  Unless it's plants v zombies.
To me, he’s like discount Jon Bernthal. Every movie I’ve seen him in he always plays a tacticool badass
Okay I googled what you're talking about and you were right and I was wrong. I'm in disbelief but can't deny it! Touché.
Exactly.
Good point about Vision and Wanda forgot to consider that, but still I think Crossbones had a lot of untapped potential and for him to be gone in first few minutes seems like a waste, maybe I'm just biased because he looks cool
Klaue was super underrated. I love how little of a shit he gave, he was loving all the chaos he created in the casino scene. But he was quite intense in the interrogation scene that followed. They really fumbled not keeping Serkis around in that role.
Ultron is a robot. They can bring him back literally whenever they want with a million explanations.
I love Josh Brolin’s Thanos, but, that made me laugh so hard. Thank you.
Or the car battery
Legends of Tomorrow did great with Cpt. Cold. That story Arch redemption that had effects on his partner, Heat Wave, was felt throughout seasons!  Love LoT
He's a dude with a sick coat and a freeze gun. That's it, and that's all he needs to be.
He’s in a music video now where he just dances through the entire thing.
This is serious copium my bud.
Nice to have someone with the balls to admit they were wrong, unlike soooo many others.
Thank you!!
I honestly feel Andy Serkis overall is underrated. I love how he's had a fair amount of likeable live action roles, there was a time I was worried he'd be typecast as the MoCap guy.
Nah, read Geoff Johns' original Flash run. Fan favorite for a reason and it has to do more than just the gimmicks.
You understand that characters with a cheap fun gimmick can develop and become fascinating characters right?
>Thank you!!  You're welcome!
He was great in *The Batman* and really good in Netflix’s *Luther: The Fallen Sun*. He had the potential to be great in the *Luther* movie, but, the writers made him too weird/extreme, for lack of a better term. He should have been more of a hands-off villain. Him fighting Idris Elba was laughable. Pretty good movie, though.
I honestly feel that people don't know the definition of the word "underrated"
Oh snap, I didn't even realise the Luther movie was out, I just remember reading they were making one.
My apologies for the misuse of the word then, perhaps you can help me find the more appropriate word to describe someone who from past conversations within the circle of conversations I've had from around the reboot of the Planet of the Apes series been described only as the mocap guy? I felt underrepresented would have been appropriate but based on my admittedly anecdotal experience I felt underrated as an actor was also just as appropriate as it felt like not enough people valued him enough outside of larger-than-life characters.   I think the clearest example I can think of was when Colin Farrell and Serkis were cast for the Batman at the same time and a lot of people were more surprised than not that Serkis was going to be Alfred and not Penguin.
Yup. Its dope. Idris is great.
The title may as well be written in ancient Latin. No idea what it's trying to say
$177m profit according to Deadline.  Some comparisons to other DC projects:  * [Joker](https://deadline.com/2020/04/joker-movie-profits-2019-todd-phillips-joaquin-phoenix-1202916039/) \-- $437m * [Aquaman](https://deadline.com/2019/03/aquaman-box-office-profit-2018-1202584701/) \-- $260.5m * [Wonder Woman](https://deadline.com/2018/03/wonder-woman-box-office-profit-2017-1202351443/) \-- $252.9m * [Suicide Squad](https://deadline.com/2017/03/suicide-squad-box-office-profit-2016-1202052792/) \-- $158.5m * [Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice](https://deadline.com/2017/03/batman-v-superman-box-office-profit-2016-1202049201/) \-- $105.7m * [Shazam!](https://deadline.com/2020/04/shazam-box-office-profit-2019-zachary-levi-dc-comics-1202905779/) \-- $74m * [Man of Steel](https://deadline.com/2014/03/iron-man-3-gravity-man-of-steel-profit-most-profitable-movies-2013-701662/) \-- $42.7m * [Justice League (2017)](https://deadline.com/2018/03/wonder-woman-box-office-profit-2017-1202351443/) \-- $60m loss
What?
title gave me cancer
Very good numbers. This is more than the og SS and BvS. Pretty impressive for a 3 hour noir.
The what??
I’ve read it like 6 times and I still don’t understand it.
Looking at Shazam's profts, looks like Fury of the Gods likely erased all the profit from the first film.
Honestly, pretty damn solid. Jokers box office is still nuts to me.
I think Joker only made like 220M profit after WB had to split profits with other investors
And people here say Snyder didn't fail
Don't forget the massive losses of The Suicide Squad, Black Adam and Fury of the Gods, and the roughly breakeven of Birds of Prey. WW84, not fair to judge as it was during theater closures.
shazam 1 did well. No wonder it got a sequel
I guess that “The Batman has returned to theaters after its original release date which was controversial. It has only come back to theaters after appearing on ‘Deadlines’ most valuable movies of 2022”
I honestly think if Shazam had better marketing and a better villain (black Adam, and even silvan and mister mind), it could’ve seen better numbers.
I'm more blown away by how well Aquaman did. Joker has been a popular character for decades, and his film was very different from most of the other comic book fare.  But Aquaman was Aquaman. Eternal butt of the joke with a CGI heavy paint by numbers superhero flick.  And I liked the film. I just didn't expect the general audience to care so much.
I think $437m accounts for that. Its budget was $70mil, double that for advertising gets you $140mil. It made just under $1.1bil at the box office.
Yea chief, go ahead and pull up the profit numbers for all the other DCEU movies. Snyder’s still remain more profitable than many in the Hamadaverse. Snyder’s movies were just super expensive.   And Gunn is already preparing people for lower box office returns moving forward with his recent statements.
He created, co-produced, co-wrote, helped cast and partly directed a universe which kept INCREASING in profits through its first 6 movies, except for the Whedon cut of JL which WB badly bungled, including forcing a ridiculous 2-hour limit on the running time. That is the same exact kind of success Feige had with the MCU. MOS -> BVS -> SS -> WW -> Aquaman, each one increased profits. Don't you think WB would've wished that continued instead of derailing into the Hamada/Safran/Gunn era of money-losing flops?
Deadline generally only does these breakdowns for their "most profitable movies" tournament, which is why I didn't include the projects you mentioned. If there are some that I missed, please let me know.  For the record, I'm aware of [their Black Adam report](https://deadline.com/2022/12/dwayne-johnson-black-adam-box-office-profit-1235191135/) stating $52m in profit, but that was an unusual article that got disputed by multiple outlets, and is believed to have been commissioned by The Rock, with his production company providing inflated home entertainment & TV revenue estimates.
Aquaman ticked every box that a family friendly blockbuster required. It's not the best plot but it was fun to watch. Especially since it's in complete contrast to other DCEU movies in terms of tone. It's more light hearted.
james wan and momoa brings all the ladies and women of all ages.   Perfect combination.
Oh right, they should just be content with less return and keep making extremely expensive movies.
And yet The Batman made more profit than BvS and MoS combined.
I genuinely don’t think they regret going separate ways with Snyder.
> co-produced  Interesting how his fans like to point this out but not when it comes to WW84.  > co-wrote  Co-writing would mean that he wrote a script. He wrote nothing. Even for WW's story Alan Heinberg said that he wrote the treatment himself and Snyder just accepted it. And Aquaman had zero involvement from his side.
Beautiful bright colors, light-hearted moments, great action set pieces and an underwater world that was just breathtaking to see in a theater.    It was my favorite DCEU theater experience by far.
I could say the same for the Shazam films.    Family friendly light hearted super-hero romps that are fun to watch.   Yet it made more than three times what Shazam did. Not even mentioning Shazams sequel.
>Even for WW's story Alan Heinberg said that he wrote the treatment himself and Snyder just accepted it.  People tend to have no idea what a "Story by" credit can mean. It can absolutely mean that they were heavily involved in plotting out the movie. However, it can also mean that the individual just made some suggestions or put forth a few ideas for plot points, which seems to be what happened here.
Shazam had very little hype tho. Aquaman was pushed as a very important film. Shazam 1 had very small marketing. The money it recovered was purely out of as you said the family friendly factor. It did well for what it was. And the sequel would've done better if it was connected to other movies and if the DCEU was a proper functioning Universe. They really didn't do much to establish that and it was kind of it's own thing like Gunn said.
I just wish they took a different approach with these graphics, photos, lighting, everything… it’s all so ugly
I hope JDG gets another shot in the DCU. Perhaps as a Robin? He deserves to headline something, he's a fantastic actor.
Especially since Freddy has a lot more of an arc and more to do than Billy in this. He has the love interest. He interacts the most with the Wizard. He drives the plot forward. Billy is clueless and floundering until the end.
Everything about this movie was overproduced I felt. Just CGI-fest all around.
These are all designed around market research data. That’s why for example the color scheme is always this blue and gold. There’s no artistry in this.
I argue this is the weakness of both Shazam 2 and Antman 2-3. Sidelining your main character is not a good move.
These are by Clay Enos not Zack 99 percent sure
Was great. Sad they didn't utilize him more
Perry and Jenny are by Clay, and I think Jimmy was shot by Snyder, as he didn’t credit Clay in that one like he did with with Perry and Jenny.
Yes, but it is Snyder who shares them on Vero
so the photo is not by zack snyder then
Let’s have a new villain besides Zod and maybe only have Lex as a supporting villain like Penguin in The Batman.
Superman needs to have the hopeful optimism of Reeve's Superman. While also having the badasskickery of Cavill's Superman. Superman is both the guy that rescues kittens out of trees, and the guy that goes toe-to-toe with Darkseid. We need to see both sides of his character.
The Donner (and Singer) films were faithful to the tone of the comics, but lacked the kind of action a Superman film should really have. The Snyder films had action galore, but didn’t get the tone right at all. If Gunn can give us all the Daily Planet/Metropolis goodness we’ve been missing, the heart and hopeful tone we’ve been missing, and give Supes someone to punch, then this movie can be something special.
You're God damn right!
This is pretty much where Returns goes wrong. I respect and enjoy the spirit of it and some of what it's trying to communicate, but it was too respectful of the past.
He has such a good understanding not only of the source material, but of popular films.  Everything I've seen of his since he started with marvel has done such a great job of satisfying my nerdy self and the general public at the same time. The dude got my girlfriend interested with suicide squad. I didn't think it was possible.  I'm terrified of being disappointed again, but betting on him doing Superman justice seems like a pretty safe bet
That sounds dope, however i don't expect him to say yeah its just a remake of superman 4
Okay, that's been said about every reboot so...
I just want a mix of Reeves and DCAU superman but also have the villain be very small scale nothing to big.
Isn’t that what they did with Man of Steel?
Give us what we expect but in unexpected ways…
Sounds like he's been watching Implicitly Pretentious' [video essay](https://youtu.be/2K578adviwc).
Didn’t they say the same about “man of steel” before it came out? Don’t get me wrong, I loved how they went back and forth showing- how he got to earth and how the Kent’s found/raised him. It just seems we never get further into his story. They just end the actor playing him, and we are back to square one.
Common James Gunn W
With the rumor that superman is gonna face off against the authority soon, which is very similar to the "superman vs the elite" plot (ironic since the elite were stand ins for the authority and now in the comics clark leads the authority to do good), hope we get an upward trajectory of villains.   Like, in legacy, have him don the t shirt with the cape and the boots with him facing off against street level mobsters and gangsters with powerful tech while powering him down, and end the movie with him fighting someone like parasite or metallo, a city level villain. Have him be a global force in the second movie with him fighting the authority and other bigger villains down the line along with the JL, and then end with the third movie fighting against mongul or some other intergalactic villain.
Superman: Man of Tomorrow - confirmed.
We haven’t seen brainiac in live action. Please give us something worth an action movie
Heroes are at their best when they’re able to win with their guts and their wits. It’s easy to look at Superman and think he needs punch his way out of every problem, but that doesn’t really make for a compelling “new” idea.
I want to see a Martin Scorsese adaptation of Superman.
Gunn Devil strikes again and I love it
Gunn’s gonna knock this out of the park, everything he’s said about Superman and DC and superhero movies at large is so refreshing to hear.  He clearly wants to make meaningful, impactful films that don’t suffer from the hyper-corporate, lowest common denominator aspects that have been tanking Marvel as of late.
A whole lot of nothing is said?
''Director says his movie will be good. Redditors clap in harmony''
What a fluffy article
I hate this guy more and more with each tweet
He talks much. In an industry where showing is the most important part. I'll wait to see before i judge.
I’m interested in what he does with him. Superman is so powerful it’s just hard to make a movie around him.
Why honor the past? How about move forward!! Star wars honored the past but look what that recent trilogy became.
JG’s Superman will do well, but his DC will be a massive financial flop.
I have zero interest in his superman. or his batman without Cavill and Affleck. ugh. WB really shit the bed for a couple of generations.
Meh , I’ll believe it when I see it.  I have 0 faith in this guy.
Bring back Henry
So dick and fart jokes?
He keeps saying the right things!  Now he just has to walk the walk. Which I am very confident he'll do.
Here we go again with the "unseen untold" experiences that writers think would make a franchise fresh and new..  If you take the fun characters out of a fun franchise, that franchise is no longer recognizable or fun anymore to draw the volume of the audiences that you like.  No one is going to watch this if he sets him up against some boring C list villain.
And a new job for his wife
That's what Zack Snyder did and people hated him for it. But people will praise this when James Gunn does it.
Whatever. To me, this just sounds like standard PR where someone that’s involved in the early stages of a production (actor, writer, director, etc) wants to keep some word of mouth going, so they make a generic statement that allows them to appease 2 sides.  So, to make things sound new & hip or cutting edge (or insert your own modernization catch phrase here), they’ll makes it sound like big dramatic changes are ahead (thus you get Gunn saying “I don’t think the movie would be worth making if it was just a redo”)…  …while at the SAME time, they’ll turn around and in laughable doublespeak say: “But don’t worry, lovers of the source material! We’re fans just like you! And we plan to totally respect the original IP too! Trust us!!!”  So, as with all DC productions, I’ll cross my fingers and hope & pray for the best and will also try to not be too disappointed if it turns out for the worst.
Clark will crack more jokes than thor in this
I want to be so hype because it's Superman!! But then it's written and directed by James Gunn...
Just don’t make Superman woke and we’ll be good.
He means like Snyder...
Does it include animated movies?
In other words they’re gonna make Superman trans
So what zack snyder tried to do basically.....🗿
Nolan and Snyder already did that. To truly thrive you need to continue building on the foundation you have, not tell your friend you don't like playing with him and take your toys home to play with yourself.
Gonna suck
Okay so when it bombs what is he gonna say should have been done…?
So he is just doing superman returns 2.
I can feel in it my BONES, Gunn is really about to give has the trunks (hopefully the dark red TAS trunks)
Let's bring mongol would be great.
I would like to think he understands the gravity. The movie HAS to succeed to jumpstart everything, yet many predecessors have failed. It will feel thoroughly scrutinized. There's low morale from recent low superhero box office. But that also means the IP and fans won't be taken for granted. Herculean effort will be made to minimize fan backlash. This situation has all the ingredients to create the greatest Superman movie or everyone cracks under pressure.
It’s gonna be about Sups son, watch.
Let’s just make a movie
Here we goooo. Cant wait to see purple and green everywhere /s
Give us someone new for a villain, no Zod and maybe lex as a secondary antagonist, really build up Lex. Brainiac is too big for a new Superman to fight. Ultra-humanite would work great
I liked Henry Cavill's Superman, but I really hope for a new take on Superman. The problem is, I don't see what they pull off..I feel the villain needs to be meaningful, maybe more than superman..in one way or another it will end up with a superhero fight, there isn't something new from Superman, we've basically seen everything the character can offer. Maybe more Krypton technology? Fortress of Solitude? I don't know. The closet thing I can remember is how Lex pushed Superman in Superman Returns.  I hope it's not an origin story, although I really liked Krypton in MoS, I don't want to see the story again.
Read: More quips, more 70’s rock soundtrack, more C grade characters dominating established characters, and more of the Gunn family and friends show of casting.
Parasite as the Man of Tomorrow villain was pretty good for an introduction I'd say, and l think STAS Superman's first villain was Metallo, and Metallo would work pretty good too.   Brainaic, Doomsday, and Darkseid are all definitely sequel material, probably the third movie, and Bizzaro is probably a second movie villain since he somewhat requires an established Superman with a reputation, and probably Mongul and Lobo by the same rules.  That would leave Intergang, Ultra Humanite, Mr Mxyzptlk, and Manchester Black.   I personally think Intergang would be great especially if Darkseid is going to be an endgame villain, otherwise Manchester Black would be great, and maybe Toyman or Dr Hamilton as minor antagonists
The only reason j wanted more snyderverse was to see darkseid fight  Hope gunn builds back up to that again  Hopefully they dont fucking reboot again
I mean we're 7 live action films in and only seen zod twice so I really don't think that's the issue.
I want braniac
Nuclear Man! You cowards.
I mean he said that he wants to explore a young superman who’s learning his place as both a child of earth and Krypton. Which… to me suggested (yet another) Zod because he works really well as a villain to that story but yea damn I hope not. Braniac can also work really well there too.
Metallo would be the perfect first villain.
Yes please. That sounds perfect
Give me the world of cardboard speech in live action please.
So S&L??
Go call the studio, you might just be on to something 🤔
so basically Tyler Hoechlin in Superman & Lois
And unlike Cavills Superman, he needs to be happy to save that kitten. One of the things I hated about BvS is how sullen Superman is while saving people. Snyder treated Superman’s abilities like a burden which isn’t at all who his character is. He’s not cyborg, he loves helping people and he loves humanity
Not much badass kickery from Cavill’s superman he got his ass kicked by Batman and doomsday. He finally kicked some ass in Justice league at the end.
Genuine question, do you watch Superman and Lois, and if so whats your thoughts on it? Cuz i feel like they kinda nail what you’re describing very often, especially for the small screen. I’d love to see that kind of style with a huge Hollywood budget
Well Superman and lois already did this I think the blue print for a live action Superman has been set already Tyler/Helbing Superman is perfect.
The difference is that Gunn was working with no name characters without any preconceived ideas of who/what they can be. His GOTG for example is very different from the source material but nobody knows or gave a fuck about them before the movie came out so those changes weren't scrutinised.   With Superman he's going to face the most criticism out of any hero. Everyone has their own idea of what Superman should be, and many of those opinions contradict each other. It'll be interesting to see how his attempt goes at pleasing the majority, but if anyone deserves the benefit of the doubt then its Gunn. For better or worse, he undoubtedly knows how to get audiences caring about no named heroes so there's a chance he can turn the biggest hero of them all into a much more beloved icon.
I would totally be down for a remake of superman 4
Fuck yeeeaaahh
Im seeing the phrase in reviews of MoS for sure. Its a pretty basic statement and anyone who is mad at it just wants to be mad at Gunn.
It’s definitely a pointless reboot.
Everyone who has ever made a superman film has said the same thing.
Well you wouldn’t be a DC_CINEMATIC user if you didn’t hate DC films.
Well if you don't care then why are you here don't worry about it then.
Why not?
Except for the fact that is not what zack Snyder did at all.
And?  What's the problem here?
cope
Im pretty sure Superman has always been "woke". Unless you mean something other than what Im thinking, what do you mean by "Woke"?
I wonder what Superman will have to do to be considered “woke”.  If he saves a girl with short dyed hair from falling off a building, is he now woke? Or if he rescues a man from drowning and reunites him with his male partner, is Superman now woke?  Superman doesn’t care who you are and who you love, he wants to save everyone and be a beacon of hope for everyone. Maybe more people should aspire to be like Superman.
He's always been woke.  If you dont get that then you don't get superman.
Superman has always been inherently woke. He might just not be the hero for you.
Yeah, I don't want to see Superman beating up slum lords and fighting the KKK! They need to respect Superman's history!  /S, in case that was needed.
Creature Commandos is animated
Superman Legacy is not animated.
That’s not what he said ..
> Nolan and Snyder already did that.  Were you ok with them doing it or mad at them?
You can blame WB executives for that. I for one actually enjoyed MoS. BvS sucked in my opinion, but ZSJL was actually a pretty solid movie, just too long for my liking. It’s time for something new. WB panicked and rushed their universe which backfired hard on them. Then they spent the next 5 years not knowing what to do with their IPs.
I mean they didn’t do that much different. On paper the plot is the exact same as Superman 1 and 2, it’s different tonally but it has many of the same beats.
Superman Returns was copying the 1978 film though
How about nuclear man the goat of superman villains
Zod is in Superman 1 and 2 Man of Steel and The Flash. I just want more of his villains like Bizzaro, myxzptlik, and Brainiac to be used
But why do it again why can't we just have a Superman movie deal with natural causes and a small villain like Parasite let's start small then go big.
This.
Now, that's what I call - the perfect mix.
In all seriousness you put the Clark/Superman of S&L on the big screen and you get an instant fan favourite. It's insane just how good of a job they did modernising Superman.
Mate in BvS if Superman wanted to actually murder Batman in cold blood, like Superman said Batman would be dead lmao
I love Superman & Lois and they definitely do nail the kind of tone I’m talking about. I just want that to be channeled into a Superman film that takes place in Metropolis, where he works at the Daily Planet, hasn’t married Lois or had kids yet, and has Jimmy Olsen in it. With Gunn, it seems like we finally may get that.
I like the the show but the tone is to Batmanish and I prefer a Superman without kids .
Superman and Lois playing house. Why the hell do people constantly bring up this crap.
It is a massive undertaking
What you said about everyone having their own idea of Superman and him facing more criticism than he ever has before? Couldn't agree more. I still think the character is in good hands and Gunn is the best bet, but you'd have to be a fool to think it's a guarantee.
Or they’re mildly ribbing Gunn for making an empty statement that’s clearly just PR speak.
“Pointless”  Ah yes, because the dceu clearly doesn’t need a reboot 💀
I mean other than Superman 3 and 4, you can tell each Superman film has passion put into them. I'm not a big fan of MOS, even less of returns, but they all did try to do these things. I think having Gunn as a writer will benefit it, as even though his movies are goofy (though it sounds like he is toning down with that in this film), they do feel authentic and people cared about the characters. Even if people themselves don't personally love his films, the guardians became more well-loved than even some of A list heroes. But I won't get my hopes up as well, as there is a good chance it could be bad.
To be fair, whatever criticisms you make of Returns and MOS. They’re not uninteresting films. They’re not successful either but you can’t accuse them of being generic
*I came looking for booty.*
Has made no good films.  By good I mean in the realm of Spielberg ,Ridley etc.
I'm going to assume this a genuine question so I'll answer genuinely.  I have not been a fan of any James Gunn films outside of Scooby-Doo. I don't find his level of humor to be at all funny.   Superman is my favorite character. I'm starved for Superman to be injected back into pop culture. In the animated space he's done well and with an undeniable Blockbuster he can have a killer resurgence.   Mix those factors with a GA that seems to be somewhat fatiguing on Superhero films. Gunn is going to need to deliver S+ quality.
I am coping the best I can.
By woke they mean black.
For these mouth-breathers, yes, those would all make Superman "woke" to them.   Hell, these losers were all screaming and foaming at the mouth at the Across the Spider-Verse trailer because for one second in the background there's a transgender flag with the word "protect Trans kids" written on it. It's fucking insanity.
He said " redo any other Superman adaptation"
It’s less they rushed, because for a lot of people MoS, BvS, SS, WW, ZSJL, AM all worked and were building its own unique foundation by using ensemble films to branch characters out of.   No, the big problem was WB lost confidence over some neckbeards with blogs. And couldn’t get out of their own way because they thought the people wanted DC to be like Marvel.   There was a strong foundation laid.
James Gunn would absolutely do a Nuclear Man with a accurate costume. I’m here for it
I feel like someone who opposes a threat as large as Braniac’s deserves the buildup of a trilogy first.
or maybe other members of his rogues gallery like Parasite, the Elite, Atomic Skull, Metallo, or even a more proper version of Intergang with Bruno Manheim. Think that’d be really to see.
Technically in BvS since Doomsday was from Zod.
Brainiac is too big of a villain for the first movie. For Bizarro, you definitely need Lex Luthor. Metallo would be a good villain to use, because most of Superman villains are better suited for endgame/team up stories. Lots of his villains need an established Superman that’s been around for a good time. Mr Myx is way out there for a first movie starting a new universe, no more dimension hopping or multiverse shenanigans.
Barely in 1 and im talking live action films here.
Technically also B v S.
You really think the general audience is gonna go pay a movie ticket to watch Superman rescue kittens and deal with emotional troubled people throughout the whole movie?
He's so good! If he was given the budget of MoS, he would kill it in a full fledged Superman film
Genuinely.  I only got round to watching the first two seasons last month and I was surprised how well they actually adapted the character. TV budget and tropes writing aside, the characters were all handled quite well.   I think it was episode 9 or 10 when they do the flashback to Clark moving to metropolis mixed with Tal Ro digging in his brain, but that was easily the best superman I’ve seen since the first movie
No no and no. All superman & Lois is seeing superman play house screw that. Plus he's emasculated superboy in cosplay. I want superman. Hell smallville did better.
There are people who are genuinely mad, the usual suspects who havent figured out how to manage their emotions about Gunn though.
It doesn’t, just a return to the core characters.
[Guardians of the Galaxy is Spielberg's fifth favorite film.](https://faroutmagazine.co.uk/steven-spielberg-20-favourite-movies/)
So here's a crazy idea.  Let him make the film, watch it with an open mind and see how it goes eh?
Yeh that's not what woke means.
It was just announced by Deadline that Batman made about 80 million more in profit than BvS. Thats why they moved on.
This is actually pretty wrong. MOS and BvS grossed well but made horrible profit, which is all the studio cares about.  WB also didn't lose confidence over neckbeards, BvS underperformed hard in the box office in the worst way. It had a great opening, but it had a huge second weekend drop (the record for blockbusters at the time), which is why it didn't reach a billion dollars. Underperforming like that is rare, and only happens when audiences strongly dislike a movie.  For reference how bad this is, this happened with Antman 3, and two members of Marvel Studios who've been there since iron man were fired as fall guys. Then a bunch of their projects got pushed bad, with Marvel reconsidering their whole approach for phases. Any studio would've taken action.   SS, WW, and AM meanwhile were movies that all made more profit that MOS and BvS combined and were not heavily supervised by Synder and were different from what his original plans would be.  So it's pretty clear why they fired Synder, even though I think it still could've worked better if they let JL release in the state that it was, since I think he still could've made them work.
And the iconic "nuclear nails"
For Brainiac, I think he would work best as a combination villain for both Superman and Supergirl. The last remnants of Krypton, and they are faced with the one who destroyed their original home. For Kal, it’s personal because this ensures he never got to properly meet his birth parents and culture. For Kara, it’s personal because her entire life was destroyed because of Brainiac. Unlike Kal, she had to live with all the PTSD that came with her family and home dying while she seemingly has nothing left.
For sure, it would be redundant to have another alien invasion movie, maybe build him up for a Justice League movie
Why? Brainiac was never that type of villain, he just shows up. Not every villain needs to follow a multi film arc.   That would only work for Darksied, luthor's schemes, or some sort of Kryptonian conflict.
Metallo would be a great build up for Lex Luthor in a future film, and a way to introduce Lex without making him the main villain
I’d like a Metallo as there bad guy with a Lex behind the scenes, becoming the main bad guy for a future movie
>	For Bizarro, you definitely need Lex Luthor.   Bizarro no am from bizarro world
Those are all live action, I just think it’s time to give those characters a rest for a bit. 6 live action movies and the only villains we’ve really seen are Lex and Zod.
Nah but it doesn't need to be a villain like that start small like Parasite.
Here's who we got:  A superman that already died and came back to life, and that is barely in two of the three movies he is in. His lex luthor is made fun of by the audience.  A batman who killed people, and played by an actor who keeps flip flopping about whether he wants to come back. His enemy, the Joker, is also one of the most made fun of comic performances of all time, and we still don't know by JL which Robin was killed, and originally they were going to kill the wrong Robin.  A wonder Woman's whose sequel was terrible.  A flash who is played by an accused pedophile and crazy person, who also isn't true to the character.  Aquaman is chill. His sequel might be dog water if test screenings are right though. His co-star is hated by the GA  A cyborg, whose hate for the studio blinded him so much that after making fair points, just attack people in the industry who likely did not have much to do with his problems (he has beef with Hamada and Gunn, who were hired after the Josstice League events, and probably didn't have a lot of power in the investigation made)  So only half of the justice league really can come back.
Which is exactly why it needs a reboot
I'll be there day one! Wearing Superman merch dragging anybody who wants to go along with me.   Just as people are allowed to be so excited for James Gunn and the upcoming DCU. I am allowed to be hesitant. It's a two way street.
He means the cramming of an idea, namely woke propaganda down our throats and if you dare question us your a damn monster
What does that have to do with anything? BvS was released in 2016 and made $873.6 million.  The Batman was released last year and made $770.9 million.   That math don’t add up and the two have nothing to do with each other.
I thought Krypton exploded due to the Kryptonians' own hubris, not Brainiac?
Films bud.  Films
Or just make movies with Cavill, Affleck, and Gadot…?
> namely woke propaganda   Such as?
> What does that have to do with anything?   Studios like making more profit when compared to less profit. They moved on because the new path was more profitable.
Depends on the iteration. In some it’s Kryptonian’s hubris, sped up by brainiac destabilizing the planets core
I mean they are all films
Uh no because those other ppl are doing different things Cavil going to be in some video game show. A dream come true for him Affleck explicitly said he doesn't want to come back. And will now be busy working on his independent studio. Gadot shorty can't act for shit and they're not getting Patty back so he'll no.
Accepting that other people exist, and all around treating random people nicely regardless of their lifestyle choices.   Cuz you know, that’s so damn awful. /s
Sigh alright I’ll do a few highlights that Stick out to me  1- the need to protect cutting of kids and hormones because they don’t understand that kids don’t get gender “neutral” bs and the 2037748392 amount of them apparently that exist 2- Black people are victims and are incapable of thinking for themselves and if a Black person dares to do wrongthink then they are an Uncle Tom or some other crap. 3-gender pay gap and women wanting power while terribly hiding and specifically woke white women (Think that Pepsi ad from a WHILE ago where Pepsi was shown to apparently stop police brutality just by drinking it)
>They moved on because the new path was more profitable.  Box office says otherwise. The DCEU was averaging about $700M+ per movie during the Snyderverse era from MoS through Aquaman. Meanwhile, not one DCEU movie since then has been able to crack $400M, something even the Frankenstein Whedon/WB JL 2017 could do. The only high-grossing DC films from recent years are two elseworlds Batman and Joker films, which are two incredibly famous characters that automatically come with a high floor at the box office, which tells you what the general public thinks of the DC brand nowadays.
The Batman made less money and was only slightly less cheaper to make. Regardless that Wikipedia has BvS’s budget as $250–300 million, it was actually cheaper to produce than Man of Steel.   Also, The Batman had zero influence on anything.
Exactly.  Little of column A, little of column B.
Braniac was added to Krypton's history in Superman: TAS. They kept that characterization throughout the Timm-verse. I'm unsure of any comics that use that origin, but I'm positive they exist.
Why not have a story where Brainiac takes advantage of the hubris and sends Krypton to it's ruin faster.
That was put forward by Bruce Timm in TAS first, correct?
Apologies i misunderstood.  Still zod is in the the flash not a new superman film.
And what examples of these beliefs Ive never seen actually stated other than by you right now being peddled makes you think it will be in Superman? Other than the gender pay gap, thats just math that shows it exists so Im not sure acknowledging that would be woke. People might disagree as to why it exists but its not really being debated that it does.
Deadline has released the numbers for both movies, feel free to tell them you are privy to information that they are not.
You can feel free to fact check Deadline and their sources whenever you want and let them know you have information they are not privy to.  > Wikipedia  Yeah maybe trust Deadline over wikipedia.
I believe so. I think it was also in one of the super girl series they mention it as well. It’s why Braniac has Kandor in a jar
HAHAHAHHAHAHHA GENDER PAY GAP DOESN’T FUCKING EXIST, just look at J.K Rowling and you never came off as referring to Superman and I was referring to Wokewood in general, but yeah this shit isn’t going to have that flith
Again, BvS made more money.
Do you really think one data point constitutes a 100% correlation and trend?
“There’s no world hunger, I’m eating a sandwich right now!”  That’s you right now.
You sound like a rambling dope. Go back to school.
JK Rowling doesn't live or work in America, her success has nothing to do with the gender pay gap in the US.
BO =/= profit  BvS made more money, but had more external costs and was more expensive to make. So even though it made more money in the box office, when it was all said in and they, they profited off the batman way more.
There is a difference between profit and gross. Again feel free to read deadlines breakdown of the numbers at any time, call them, and tell them that you have information they do not.
Again, The Batman made more profit. Which is the only thing that matters to the studio
It also spent way more money.  Say you have two lemonade stands.  The first you spend $10 on a stand and lemons and such, and you sell out at $100.  The second one you spend $50 on your budget, and you end up selling $110 worth of lemonade.  Which stand made you more money?
Good golly miss Molly 🥺
Ouch
Anyone who’s watched this- is it worth watching if you thoroughly enjoyed the first?
Ouch. Cool.
Any word on the HBO release date?
3 weeks? Felt like an eternity with constant bad news and levy making a constant ass of himself. Good job.
This forever cements the idea that DC fans are very vocal online but don't actually turn up to movies.  Unhappy with the reboot by James Gunn? Guess what morons it's probably your fault.
The movie was ok but Levi played Shazam like he was 13 still when Billy is an 18 year old. Their is big difference between the two. It made me crazy.
Creed 3 was released on March 3rd and it's also out digitally and has been since two weeks ago. They are doing this with ALL new releases. The model has changed. Digital releases are coming in a lot sooner than they used to because Covid changed all of that.
I'm still interested in checking this out. I already know a fair amount about the cameos and post-credits scenes and such, but I'm already in the middle of a DCU rewatch, so this is actually perfectly timed, haha. I love the first one and David F. Sandberg's one of my favorite directors, so even if these two movies are essentially overwritten in the new timeline, I'm still grateful for the first one's existence and the second one's cool crossover scenes (from what I've seen so far).
I'll wait till it hits a major streaming site for free, put it on my "to watch" then forget about it for months.
Sweet! I know what I’m watching tomorrow night! Sucks it got bad PR. I really enjoyed the message in the first movie.
I saw S!FotG with my wife last weekend. It was okay. Helen Mirren and Lucy Liu did not make particularly menacing villains. Zachary Levi portraying an almost 18 year old like a 12 year old was odd.
Snyderverse being rebooted soon, people don't have to watch this to keep up with anything since it's getting cancelled anyway   The only motive left to watch it is if the movie is actually good, but it's got poor reviews all over. Even worse, superhero movie fatigue is real, people have less patience for these
I hope people watch it now and see that it’s actually decent.
Cool I look forward to seeing it.
Despite all the negative comments from armchair critics who never even saw the movie, this is actually a pretty good film.   Both this movie and the first one are a good mix of superhero, coming of age and 80s kids movies that has a lot of heart and has genuine emotional scenes, and even though it's a comedy it doesn't undermine its more serious moments with out of place jokes.  It's more than worth checking out.
It was cheaper for me to go to the movie theater than it is to rent it.
That’s a damn shame. I never saw it theaters but I feel like I’ll do my part in supporting the movie by purchasing the digital version…. Even though $25 is a fuckin ripoff.
That's great. Cause fuck going to movie theaters.
When HBO Max?
Look what Synder has done to DCEU
Liked it more than Quantamania
All movies should be released pvod simultaneously with theatrical releases it’s 2023 give us options
oof
I will pay to see it at home.
I wonder why it tanked at the box office when it’s available for living rooms within weeks
I truly believe that Gunn should use 'Waller,' 'Creature Commandos,' and a couple of animated films/motion comics with a mix of styles to properly wrap up the DCEU, and START TOTALLY FRESH with 'Superman: Legacy.'
So like how Disney released Black Widow on Disney Premiere for £30 four weeks after it hit theatres? To which Scar Jo sued Disney for. They came to an agreement after.
I mean it was released on the internet 2 weeks ago. Big whoop
Everyone should watch it twice and confuse WB.
Thanks but I posted this a couple hours ago. It includes the full press release announcement from WB:  https://www.reddit.com/r/DC\_Cinematic/comments/12dufao/warner\_bros\_announces\_shazam\_2\_will\_be\_on\_digital/
Im buying it on BluRay. Who cares what critics say, people I know saw it and said it was great
I think people are bored of the hidden agenda’s and virtue signalling and all the other woke nonsense in MOVIES!  I vote with my wallet and my money stays in it.
I really enjoyed the first I just haven’t had time to take the kids to see this yet. So now I’ll just wait for HBO max
With the new helm at DC, I think it’s hard to get pumped for any of these “leftovers” and that’s from someone who though the first Shazam movie was the best DC movie they had put out in a long time. I just find it hard to get invested when I know anything being set up isn’t going to go on in this new DC universe.
What is PVOD
Ouch!
It's more shazover than it's ever been
Hahaha
Well damn. I was planning to finally go see it this weekend along with D&D and Mario but guess I won't need to now.
Remember when we used to wait 6-8 months for a movie to be watched at home
Shitzam
Heh
For anyone curious… PVOD stands for Pulmonary Veno-Occlusive Disease
As a person that doesn’t go to  theaters that much anymore I miss a good film not a video game. I love video games but the last movie I saw was a rerelease of Jaws. I would rather see a old film or a Japanese Kaiju film than a CGI saturated mess. Superman the Movie is playing for one night this month and guess who will be in a theater. I miss the movies I grew up with in the 70s. The truth is the last original hero movie worth anything was The Incredibles. I will see Shazam 2 I don’t go by what others say. I will tell you this the only series that put my ass in a seat was the last Planet of the Apes series.
Looking forward to it bruh.
Well, let's see if it is really as good as the 5 people who watched it say it is.
Wah…wah…wah…
Just warched it. It's awesome. Damn, I should have gone to the cinema
I’ll never get those 2 hours of my life back.
Shazam 2 ($25 US) is the #2 selling movie on Apple TV in the US right now, behind Avatar 2 ($20 US).
Lol, I saw this in theaters today, not knowing it was coming to Vod. It was great and I feel the marketing really let it down cause I didn't know it was out until I saw D&D last week. Got to see it with just us in an empty theater and it was a blast being able to make jokes and be loud during the movie.
Sure like to ball!
If you liked the first one, you'll like this one. It's a good movie. It's not Cinema™, but it never was meant to be.
I honestly enjoyed it more than the first, I'll definitely be watching it again soon
I liked it better. This one I'm looking forward to watching again and again
It wasn’t that bad. It certainly felt like a dated movie but I was mildly entertained.
I actually liked it, and this is coming from someone who didn’t really like the first one.
It's very much worth watching. It is a fun blockbuster and critics are what sadly drove people away from this movie.
I liked the first one, hated this. Bad villains, Billy and Shazam do not even try to be the same person and a ton of typical superhero moments that destroy tense moments. Had high hopes but was disappointed.
It's a hell of a lot better than Ant-Man 3. If you have the HBO max and want something to laugh at, then yes.
I had fun with it. Doesn’t take itself too seriously. Could have shaved off 15 mins but not the end of the world
There were a few things I liked about it but overall I thought it was pretty bad. The drama surrounding the movie is 100% more interesting than the movie itself.
Sure? But it’s like… frustrating. It feels like a film that had a lot of ambition but went the safe route. Kind of a meh go ahead and skip
Yes I loved it. Better than the first.
My family and I loved it and had a lot of fun watching it
It’s worth a watch 100%!
No, it sucked. I loved the first- this is a generic forgettable bore.
They took away all the stuff I liked about the first movie.  Except Freddy. The movie should have just been about him, featuring the Shazam family.
It's fine on its own merit.   Which honestly is me euphemistically saying that there isn't much of what makes the original great in this sequel tbh.   Like it's fine, but it doesn't capture the same magic.   Mary (played by Grace Caroline Currey) is ridiculously hot though, so there's that at least ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
So Freddie is still funny, but all of the emotional beats and the childish charm is missing from this film. And they’ve replaced it with an unending CGI mess of a final battle. I honestly did not enjoy it, and I love the first.
Best new superhero movie since Endgame.
Its worth the watch  i enjoyed the first snd enjoyed this  I wouldnt say its a bad movie
It’s fine. Definitely weaker than the first though.
I liked the first, I didn’t love it; but I really enjoyed this movie! Could have been a bit shorter I think, but overall it was good. Made me laugh out loud a few times in the pictures haha
I loved it…
Do you like comic book movies?    Do you like light-hearted, funny, family movies?   If the answer is yes to those, then yes, you'll love it.   I didn't think it was quite as good as the first one, but still a solid 7/10 for me. I get that I like a lot of bad movies, but I usually like them with the acceptance that I know they're bad. This wasn't one of them, IMO, and I really can't understand why it's doing so poorly.
Personally I liked it more, but Billy was better and more used in the first one. Feels like he was barely in this second one. Also Zach definitely felt toned down when it came to how different he was from Billy, but could also be because Billy wasn’t as “moody” (understandably) like in the first one.
Yes the movie is really good
It kept the light hearted nature of the 1st while upping the scale of conflict to a reasonable level.  Imo it was an all-around improvement from the 1st.
It’s a waste of time. Anyone who likes it is just biased or is actually just a 14 yr old with low standards for cinema.
Yeah, that’s what I’m waiting on too.
I think there's just a divide between the fans. Lots of fans of Snyder verse don't bother with this stuff I guess
I mean to be fair, this was a pretty bland movie. I saw it like a week ago and couldn’t tell you the names of the 3 villains. If they made a good movie people would go see it.
But maybe the movies need to be better? People did turn up for Aquaman, The Batman, The Joker and even MOS etc. don’t blame the fans for not wanting to see a mediocre or shit movie
I'm a very, very big DC Comics fan. In all medias. I couldn't give two shits about this movie
I’m personally not bothering with seeing DC films until Gunn’s films start releasing.  I might go see Blue Beetle since it’s technically in the new DCU, and The Flash looks promising, but i’m not interested otherwise.  I’m sure most moviegoers share this sentiment.
I remember people here saying to see Black Adam, even if the marketing is bad, so you can form your own opinion.  Wonder what their excuse for skipping this movie ended up being.
no it just shows you how horrible the quality of pre james gunn  dcu movies
Why would we turn up to the movies?   Fans: Can we please finish JL?   WB: Here's Shazam.   Fans: Cool but we would like the JL story to finish.  WB: Here's Birds of Prey.  Fans: For the Love of God WB, you could have had two JL movies instead and restarted your universe and EVERYONE'S happy.  WB: Come on, try WW84 a shot. Woman has nonconcentual s#x with a dude.  Fans: Please, WB.....Just finish the story.  WB: Fine Black Adam.   Fans: Finally, this should have been Shazam 2 but hey, we should be back in business after this. Just 2 more JL movies WB. We could have been here three years ago now and looking forward to a new universe by now. Great to have Cavill back.  WB: How about a reboot guys? New Superman too.   Fans: Really shitty move guys. Imagine you hadn't messed with BvS......  WB: Here's Shazam 2 boys.  Fans: Why bother. It means nothing. Why is he not fighting Black Adam again? Let's just get to The Flash and be done with it.   WB: See nobody is going to see this. Reboot is needed.  Fans: Alright, we've come to terms with it. Marvel is garbage for years now. Take your shot DC.  WB: Batman's a facist.  Fans: Are you kidding me?
I don't owe James Gunn shit. I enjoyed the serious tone and high stakes story that we were getting before DC forced everything into a a butchered version of MCU.   It's his job to make me care. If black Adam and Shazam is the kinda movies we can look forward to then i have no interest.
There is no reboot with Gunn. He's continuing to ride this lame horse.
Or maybe the marketing for this movie was really bad and low effort
Yeah the web-connoiseurs seem to be a real problem. They firm the narrative around movies/series/games only not to consume the final product either way.
Just because DC fans didn’t blindly show up for this particular movie doesn’t mean they don’t show up at all. *Aquaman* literally made a billion dollars after all.
Really it’s people just aren’t excited or care about a lot of these movies because they just aren’t that good and don’t have much else going for it like a lesser MCU movie might but even they fall short when bad.  The next Batman or Joker or Flash will probably do well because people actually want to see them.
What…?  Vocal online DC fans are usually referring to Snyder fans who keep using hastag to ask for more snyder DC film, or Cavill fans who keep saying they want Cavill back right?  And shazam 2 flopping is due to them not putting money where their mouth is because *checks note* Shazam franchise has a significant tone shift from Snyder DCEU films, features a headless superman cameo in the previous film, and is produced by Peter Safran, the new CO-ceo that is rebooting the whole DCEU with zero tie to Snyder/Cavill…  What??
I'm convinced that they are convinced that each new DC film is by default bad. So they just default to not spending their hard earned money on a shitty cash grab.
So what? Its not my job to watch shit movies out of charity to the poor movie companies.
This^  His constant rambling was annoying af
Art imitating life.  Judging by what I see on TikTok and kids from my local high school, it seems that the 18 year olds of today really do behave like the 13 year olds of yesterday
Studios are still adapting to the new environment. They learned how VHS/DVD sales carry a movie longer post-release. So I think they are well off to start releasing things for rent/own digitally sooner than it going to streaming services. If I could pay to see a brand new movie at home than in theatre I would. I hate going to the theatre.
Sorry, decent is not what i care for. At all.
I honestly feel it’s not, and DC does not deserve any pity love and pat on the back from us. They better put in the effort needed to make good films.
Why didn't you see it in the theater then?
I mean, I actually liked the movie but simply calling criticism "armchair critics" just takes away from your entire point
i notice there's alot of people who praised it who never watched it either
Haha armchair critic? Where else are critics supposed to watch the film?     I do not think it’s good. It’s painfully average and kind of excruciatingly frustrating in certain parts. Like I should never feel like the main protagonist is annoying in a film. I mean the way it ends is almost insulting. It’s not a train wreck like BvS or Suicide Squad, but it’s not up to the same level as even Aquaman or the first WW. Quite a let down.
Why didn't it do well if it's a good movie.   There's the example of GoTG, it performed exceptionally well despite the characters being relatively unknown.
It felt like a superhero movie made by Steven Spielberg.
I'll check it out when it's out on torrents. There's no way I'm paying to watch this piece of shit.
Yeah I guess so, I unfortunately weren't able to get one of the english screenings here in my town in germany andwith all the reboot there isn't that much hype for me left to watch it in the theatre. I guess the revoot killed a lot of buzz around this one sadly.
What's the point in supporting it though? The DCEU is over. Might we well just wait for it to hit streaming services normally and watch it then.
What the fuck are you talking about. Snyder has done 1 Billion Aquaman movie to the DCEU lol
Anything was better than Quantumania.
No he shoulda given us 1 more JL movie to wrap everything up.
You seem like a fun person
I'll buy two tickets every time a movie has an agenda for you :)
Premium Video On Demand: $20 rental for 48 hours/$25 purchase.
How can you afford to see three movies in one weekend??
When you're rockin' and a-rollin'
That’s great to hear thanks!
Definitely enjoyed the first one more than this. Didn't necessarily hate this one and need to watch it again to get a better feel for it, but far from my favorite DCEU movie, that's for sure
There's no such thing as "cinema" that a word for the pretentious in Hollywood.
The first movie is godawful. The fact that people actually say is good is the reason dc is a smelly lump of dogshit.
Sadly worse than first one. Still enjoyable as it boosts the same charismatic cast and then some, but the story just isn’t as coherent.
Very nice to hear thank you
Good to know! I’ll give it a whirl I think then
The emotional beats is just different in this one it's not missing at all .
Really? That’s surprising since some of the other comments. Are you saying you think it’s better than NWH? Or is it sarcasm?
Yes and yes so you’ve convinced me! I’m normally pretty low standards tbf
I’m a 22 year old with low standards for cinema tbf I can see myself liking it
The Shazam movies exist within the snyderverse though so there's really no excuse.
Exactly. For good DCEU movies, people did turn up, aquaman, the joker, the Batman, Wonder Woman etc. blaming the fans won’t change the fact that shazam 2, black adam etc were mediocre AF
Not true. Because it has great audience reviews. People still didn’t see it
Hespira,Kalypso and Anthea you probably just didn't pay attention.
Joker and Aquaman yes but I'd dispute the rest.   The Batman was a great film but it was outperformed by a mediocre Dr Strange film and made the same money as love and thunder which is one of the worst films in the MCU.  Man of steel did ok but still only made half the money that iron man 3 did so in review it should have done a lot better.
Most moviegoers don’t have a fucking clue about DC’s reboot and all that BTS crap. It’s only us who debate endlessly about all this. The fact that Shazam bombed strongly implies that DC fans didn’t make enough noise to get their friends and families to go check this out.
they watched black adam
I imagine blaming Gunn is high up on the list of bullshit excuses.
You sound salty that this movie is bombing lol. Fact is, some watched Black Adam and then decided that this universe isn't worth it anymore. And most still watched Shazam2, but the truth is that the number of dc movie fans is very, very low. The general audience just didnt give a shit. There's your answer.  Now do you understand?
Exactly. For good DCEU movies, people did turn up, aquaman, the joker, the Batman, Wonder Woman etc. blaming the fans won’t change the fact that shazam 2, black adam etc were mediocre AF
You know not everyone wants the same thing as you right?  You don't speak for all fans.  Some wanted the JL story to finish some wanted a stand alone batfleck film and others just wanted man of steel 2.   You dont get tailor made film franchises so stop acting so entitled.  Also grow up over the batman comment in the blue beetle trailer.  You dont know the context or anything as you haven't seen the film yet.
Also you know you just cant make a JL movie by snapping your fingers right.  There's a lot to consider mainly schedule conflicts.
He had nothing to do with either of these movies lol
I mean there is a reboot though.
If they're so shit then why do you even care?
For sure. But in the movie Billy acts much more mature than Shazam. It is off-putting.
Ok well have fun being miserable then lol
So you didn't even watch it but you made you're mind up you hate it okay gotcha.
Because I'm done supporting WB. Voting with my wallet.
Newborn
Because theatres suck.
Where did I discredit all criticism for the movie? I specifically called out people who are claiming the movie is bad without seeing the movie. I'm completely fine with people who saw the movie and can articulate why they think the movie is bad, that's constructive criticism, however, the VAST majority of comments about the movie's quality is coming from people who never even saw it.  An "armchair critic" is someone who criticizes something without first hand experience or without actually watching what they are talking about, that's the literal definition of the term, and those are the people who I was solely talking about.
Dredd says hello.
>Why didn't it do well if it's a good movie.  Lmao. You say that as if good movies are **guaranteed** to do good at the box office. They're not, and I shouldn't even need to say this because it's a completely obvious thing lol  There's literally hundreds of good, if not great movies that have underperformed and even flatout bombed at the box office.
From your logic, The Dark Knight should’ve beaten Avengers Endgame by 100,000 miles
I am.   I prefer a good story tellin movie… i prefer not to have any of the above mentioned in previous comment thrown in my face. Look at disney for example, financially a ticking time bomb. star wars dead franchise, marvel is on its ass since endgame apart from the 2 spiderman films. Everythin has been rubbish. Quality over Quantity anyday.
I prefer it to the first. Top 3 or 5 DCEU for me
Worse than “The Eternals”? I have not seen either one..
Exact same thoughts. I really liked the first one but I couldn't even finish this one.  I'll have to give it another shot down the road
It’s better than almost all DC movies. If you like Snyder maybe you’ll hate it, but Snyder is an awful director who can’t make movies
It’s a lot more cliched and the payoffs are not there at all.
It's not at all sarcasm. It has a couple issues near the end but NWH had issues throughout and then especially when the other Peters showed up and it just ground to a halt for ten minutes so they could have tension annihilating fanservice conversations. It's kind of up to taste whether you like it more than The Suicide Squad or Shang-Chi but I've always thought that Billy Batson/Captain Marvel is kind of the perfect superhero so that puts me over. It's not a perfect movie but most of the superhero movies that have come out recently have been kind of bad so it rises above the pack.
Also, I realize that even at its worst, I prefer DC to Marvel.
Yea but the tone is completely different to the 3 Snyder movies. Shazam 2 is not as appealing to those that enjoy the more serious movies.
A lot of snyder people were furious with the first film, as as the Superman part wasn’t Cavill.
No, they don't. This is part of the ' Hamada verse ' the same as BOP,  Shazam and WW84.  And don't imply is the 'DC fans' fault either. They didn't asked for James Gunn to announce back in November that the DC universe will be completely rebooted, (except for the ones his wifey stars in, *wink wink*).
Shazam is produced by Peter Safran, by the same logic all the fan of new DCU has even less excuse.
This argument makes no sense.. Snyderverse is done.. Support for Shazam 2 would only increase the chances of this Shazam getting used in the new DCU. The fans you’re talking about don’t care for the tone/style of this movie so why would they care if he gets carried over or not? Now had this been MoS 2 or a Batfleck movie.. then your argument stands.. ACTUALLY.. watch what kind of crazy numbers the Flash movie does despite Ezra’s controversy. Then we can come back and revisit your argument
And yet only one of those films made more money than Dr Strange 2.   The Batman was brilliant, it had a great cast, you couldn't go anywhere without seeing the marketing so why didn't it outperform a mediocre marvel movie which was put on disney plus to watch not long after its cinema release?
I thought it was forgettable at best. It lacked the heart and charm of the first film. That’s my review.
Most MCU movies this year and last are making money due to brand recognition, not just their own merit
It’s not fans’ jobs to market this movie though. Plus I’m seeing a lot of mixed reactions in general, enough to make me just wait for it to hit streaming. Whereas the positive reception to *Dungeons & Dragons* from non D&D fans made me wanna see that asap.
Lol, not salty. Hell, I didn't even see the first Shazam.  I just think it's hilarious people tripped over themselves to push others to see a movie over a Superman cameo!  Kind of like how I love laughing at this place droning on about "artistic vision" and what not right up until the Snyder Cut, before putting nothing into an Ayer Cut campaign and cheered Batgirl getting cancelled. Just enjoy seeing the whiplash!
Also James Gunn announcing that this movie is pointless probably didn't help either.
*Joker* and *The Batman* aren't DCEU.
Show me where DC said that they are completely getting rid of the movie continuity.
The same thing happened in the first movie. The disparity between personalities was glaring.
I'm having fun watching severance right now. Thank you.
I watched it opening night. Where did I say I didn’t watch it? You’re the one making up your mind.
Love this.  I’m such a fan but they’ve made such a mess of this.  I saw Man of Steel 4 times in theaters.  BvS same.  JL twice.  I didn’t see Shazam and I don’t know if we’ll bother with any more now.    I still get excited.  The Blue Beetle trailer looks awesome IMO.  Watched it a few times. Showed the fam.  But knowing they’ll pull the rug out with no respect to the consumer has me shook.
Paying for it on streaming probably gives WB even more money than a theater ticket does. Granted, you might not be doing that.
fair enough, I'm so used to the term being used for any one that criticizes anything lmao
Can we get a glimpse of your top 5 to put it into perspective?
Ha I actually never finished eternals. I should at some point, but that's one that really lost my attention. I'd take Shazam 2 over it easily
God I hope not.  The eternals was so boring I fell sleep for a solid 45 minutes.   I did not care to even go back to it.
Much worse than eternals.   Eternals is a 9/10 for me. This is a 7/10  I’m like one of the only people who likes eternals though
Far better than Eternals. Eternals seems like tonally inconsistent, but this one does not.
Eternals was the worst piece of crap superhero movie I have ever witnessed. Only WW 84 comes close.
The eternals is Marvel
I like the Snyder movies and Shazam 🤷🏼‍♂️ Worst DC movie for me has to be WW84, it was just offensively bad
Nah. Shazam 1 sucked . Weak villain, weak plot and a garbage suit. The box office for part 2 shows that people got suckered in to watching the first one and they were having none of it the second go round
Cliche ≠ bad once you get over the fact all stories are like another from the past imo
Honestly I find that opinion insane but you do you. NWH is a masterpiece and I’d bet my life I wouldn’t rank Shazam 2 above but I wouldn’t be surprised if I do thoroughly enjoy it like the first
Really? I’m the opposite. I’d take 90% of marvel films- probs except eternals and first two Thor films over most DC minus SS TSS and Shazam 1 Wonder Woman 1
You literally could not do Shazam snyder style.  Just wouldn't work.
Well personaly I enjoyed the whole DCEU run. Especiall the darker movies, but something like Shazam and BoP fit very well in the gaps inbetween. It's just sad that the management had to constantly ruin it.
Exactly.. the tone is completely different and it was barely tied to the universe to begin with… Now if the Flash movie comes out and does terrible numbers, *then* you can blame the Snyder fans for not coming out to support.
Which shows how oversensitive that group is.  Cavill was meant to be in it but couldn't make it on the day of the shoot.
Disagree
Yes, I agree with you. I’m just saying the word of mouth from the fans who went opening weekend wasn’t strong enough.  I watched the movie opening night, and IMO it’s not even average. It’s just plain boring, especially after over a decade of superhero films.
Edited to make my answer more comprehensive, but when it comes down to it, most dc fans still watched Shazam2. It's just that the number of dc fans is in reality very low. General audience just did not care, dc is currently damaged content. Black Adam made as much as it did solely because of the Rock.
Yeah But they are DC cinematic movies and good ones. So people turned up for them
Such a great show
Severance was amazing, so I hope you're enjoying it! That said, I genuinely enjoyed this movie. Sure, I get the complaints about Levi's acting, but I laughed way harder than I expected to and fairly often.
Man of Steel, is an amazing Superman film and BvS was gutted by WB and thrown to the wolves thinking they could put a film with the guts cut out of and just because S&B were in it it would make a billion.  They pulled the same shit with JL, which they threw out early and broken. DC rules, but fuck WB.
Yeah mate. I'm not paying anymore.
People pay for streaming?   Damn, a sucker’s born every minute
Them putting it out digitally allows people to just download an hd torrent 3 weeks after release.
It's cool, it seems like the term has been misused so much that the meaning's completely gone lol
1. The Suicide Squad  2. Wonder Woman  3. Shazam 2  4.  Shazam 1  5.  Birds of Prey  6.  Aqua Man  7.  Man of Steel  8.  Snyder Cut  9.  Batman V Superman  10.  Suicide Squad   11.  Justice League 2017  And the only DCEU movie I have yet to see is Wonder Woman 1984. So not sure for that
Hey at least they went for it with Eternals. Big cast, big story, just didn’t work out commercially. I’ll check it out.
Eh I don’t know man. Love and Thunder was pretty rough.
You have no seen enough super hero movies; surely. Blade 3, half the xmen movies, elektra, daredevil, cat woman, Batman forever, Batman and Robin, man of steel, Batman v Superman, justice league 2017, Snyder cut; WW84, Suicide Squad, Thor the Dark world, Iron Man 2, Iron Man 3, Thor, the Incredible Hulk, the Hulk 2003, Superman 4, Superman returns, green lantern, Quantumania, are all worse than Eternals. I just named 23+movies. So it’s not even in the bottom 25 of super hero movies
An actual unhinged take
I tried WW 84 on a long plane ride. I liked the bad guy. Fell asleep during the changing montages..
I got downvoted for crapping on the Eternals. I guess someone did enjoy that movie lol.
Good point. Saturation level reaching 1,000..
Watched both in theatres. Liked both
Don't get me wrong, Marvel has been putting out a far superior product over a much longer period of time.   I just grew up reading/watching more DC stuff, and as a result it just gives me feels that most of Marvel doesn't.
The Superman Shazam black Adam animated movie is literally dark af.  billy says hi to prostitutes on his morning commute. Shazam in a serious tone has already been done don’t say it’s impossible when it was the original
I'm not saying you could, but in general a bulk a dc fans are fans of Snyders work. Since Shazam is more like a comedy, they have no interest in the film.
Snyder would find a way and his fans would lap it up  Shazam would snap the neck of a child, whilst in pouring rain and extreme slo mo with a painting of a clown in the background for the added layers and depth or some bullshit.
Take Shazam.  Black and white filter. Hallelujah.  Done. Watch the box office explode.
Shazam not behaving like an adult is a fairly modern change and frankly it sucks.
Seems like it’s the movie’s fault not the fans then, but you’re kinda framing it like it’s the fans’ fault.
Honestly, I don't think most DC fans saw it either. A lot of people here have said they'd wait for streaming/home release, and that feels like that hurt it as much as disinterest from the general audience. No enthusiasm, no buzz, poor marketing, all made the opening bad.  And now it has Mario, DnD, and John Wick eating any potential audience up? Damn, you almost feel sorry for the movie.
You’d have to go and see the movie to find out it was good tho. Looks like nobody even bothered to show up for Shazam.
So you stream illegally then?
WW84 is bottom 3 DC movie for me (and I mean all DC movies). Diana commits sexual assault.
I can place ww for you it’s 12th
WW84 is bottom 3 DC movie for me (and I mean all DC movies). Diana commits sexual assault.
the commercial thing is relative too. It came out 2021. Lots of theatres still weren’t fully open. Where I live, theatres were at half capacity   Shang Chi came out two months prior. Got much better reviews. And made nearly the same amount of money.
Some punctuation would be good.
MCU except iron man 1 and the winter soldier is utter crap.
I watch pretty much all of them when they come out. It’s just my personal opinion. It’s ok to have those. I’m glad you are so passionate about something. What is life without passion?
|The Superman Shazam black Adam animated movie is literally dark af. billy says hi to prostitutes on his morning commute.|  Wow, saying hi to prostitutes *must be* dark af. /s
Idk if you’re joking but saying hello to sex workers isn’t dark lmao
That's pretty much me, though less because I'm a rabid Snyder fan (I strongly dislike his recent zombie efforts) but more because I value consistency and logic in the movies I spend money on. For everything else I wait for streaming.  I also really, *really* don't like camp comedies (occasional/incidental camp is fine, but not as a running theme), and Shazam falls into that sphere for me.
You joke, but I bet he could at least make that look cool.
That was not my intent, at least. I was just replying to the original comment which said people might not be bothering with Shazam because of the reboot. My point was exactly what you are saying - that the film is not good (and hence no good word of mouth from even fans)
I’m a massive DC fan and collect comics the lot but I didn’t want to see Shazam 2 either nothing about it looks good or interesting to me same with Blue Beatle and other recent DCEU films they just haven’t been good. (Sadly the MCU has also been poor to my tastes lately)
Word of mouth i think
Yes. Absolutely I won't be buying the Blurays anymore either.
Yeah. That’s why I don’t want to watch it. Due to the whole Steve Trevor body snatcher shit
15th* I’m from the future.. Flashpoint, Aquaman 2, and Blue Beetle all were better
How was Shang Chi?
Never met anyone with that opinion. That apparently only 2 out of 31 movies are good
I agree a lot of MCU is overrated, but I’ll defend the Guardians movies till the end.
Yes because those people are inherently evil and that is so darkkk! /s
Prove it
I liked it a lot. Great martial arts. Great family dynamic. If you’re into Chinese mythology it’s pretty cool on that front too
You just met, albeit on the Internet
You determine someone's worth based on how many streaming services they have?  Hahaha rich and wealthy people save money. Not spend it on everything, especially for other people's thoughts.   FYI been sailing the high seas since 2002 in secondary school. I'm richer than you  What a stupid statement
You indirectly telling us you dumb af
Lmao imagine still paying for shit when you don't have to.
I’ll check it out
Most "fates" can controle themselves nabu only takes the wheel in rare occasions in the comics
Really? From what I've heard it sucks to be Fate because Nabu essentially takes you hostage via possession. Is that a movie/show exclusive detail?
Its a young justice exclusive,im pretty sure ut happened in other places but it was them who popularize this idea to this generation of dc fans
Finally. It was so frustrating to see so many comments complaining about the "inaccurate" Doctor Fate in Black Adam, when Nabu doesn't always control Kent Nelson like a prisoner in the comics. I was surprised to hear Zatanna's father was Doctor Fate in Young Justice.
That's... awesome! So comics Dr Fate is just an avatar of the spirit of Nabu and just acts as a hero with every now and then Nabu calling on them to fight back chaos?
Well kinda.....nabu works in mysterious ways so sometimes he just take the host hostage cause thats what ""should"" happened  in the name of the order,he also has refused to act  in some ocations for the same reason
Yeah, makes sense. Nabu is on a whole other level of perception after all. He's just not going to be able to view things like us. That actually kind of links into what I want to do with my Fate in my story. My idea is that he essentially makes a deal with the devil(or really God) that means Nabu makes a pact where he quite literally cannot just possess or control the current Fate. But he gets to significantly influence this Fate's abilities in return. Limiting him to a level he believes is justifiable for a free Fate who isn't currently needed. Still probably very powerful but not as powerful as Fate proper.   I see the relationship between my Fate and Nabu actually being a very respectful one. Not with Nabu seeing this Fate as an equal of course. But as someone actually trustworthy enough to wield the helm for their own causes. With Nabu serving as the higher, logical side and the protag being the more emotion based, Idealist side.
If you can you should read the Khalid dr.fate run in the DC you era it sounds similar-ish to what you are describing in your last paragraph
Does this have any correlation to this post from earlier today?  https://www.reddit.com/r/DC_Cinematic/comments/12dq53w/does_anyone_remember_the_time_snyders_superman/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Dude was a menace. Destroying livelihood's all over the city. And what if that had been a sentient taxi like in Pixar's Cars?
But, say Jim, that's a bad outFIT!!
Agreed, it's a bad scene.  >Donner's Superman   I think this is the work of Richard Lester, who would go on to direct Superman 3.  https://superheroeseveryday.com/2022/02/01/superman-ii-2-7/
Donner's Superman and Spider-Man: Homecoming highlight just how important tone is in terms of manipulating how an audience reacts to the heroes actions.  In Spider-Man: Homecoming, Peter Parker willingly drives (badly) across Manhattan recklessly endangering the lives of everyone around him, all so he can stop a bloke from stealing from a billionaire. But because this scene is played for laughs, audiences eat it up and don't look negatively at the character and Peter himself never faces any consequences of his actions here.  Compare that to Man of Steel where the serious tone of both the destruction around him and the death of Zod caused general audiences to criticize the character for these incidents, despite the fact every decision he made was to try and save lives, whereas in the Homecoming his decision could have taken lives.  I'm not saying MOS didn't deserve criticism, just that a movie like Homecoming, and other movies with light hearted tones, seem to get away with it.
That was a Richard Lester scene, not Donner.
No, but I remember when Surly Linebacker Superman shithoused some hillbilly’s rig by stabbing it full of power lines and probably depriving the local town of electricity for a couple of days.  You guys remember that?
Supermans a dick
You should've just posted him beating up the diner bully.
Yes as a jokey tongue in cheek response
it’s a shame that we’ve never seen superman and mater share the screen
The upcoming Batwheels cartoon is as close as we’ll get to a Pixar Cars crossover   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batwheels
I should have known! Thank you!
You are correct. This was from the script that was rewritten for Lester's version of Superman II.
> all so he can stop a bloke from stealing from a billionaire  You mean a rich bloke stealing dangerous technology and items of power that he was going to sell to criminals and terrorists.
Completely agree, but would add  relatability would also apply to those scenes.  Superman's not very relatable to people in MoS. He's above us. A god. He helps the people of earth, but it comes off as an obligation. So when the equivalent of an atom bomb goes off in metropolis it seems like Superman is prioritizing his god fight over actually helping people. Whether or not it's true, it leaves that impression.  Spiderman on the other hand, is nothing but relatable to anybody who's ever been a dumb teenager. He makes the dumbest choices at times, but it's always in an effort to help. So when he does something reckless, we laugh because we trust he's trying to help, but also because we all did dumb but well intended things as teenagers.
No argument here. The tonality is why Snyer's Superman got a bad rap and Cavill got fired.   I used to defend it but seeing how it all turned out I get why people say "not my Superman"
This is absolutely true and batman is a good example too. People defend batman in bvs by pointing to the Burton films but those films while dark aren't taking them as seriously. When batman is branding people to die in prison in bvs it's horrifying because the tone is so serious and bleak but in batman returns when batman puts the bomb on the strongman  it plays like Elmer fudd trying to shoot bugs bunny and his gun backfiring. Yea batman shouldn't kill but the tone makes these things totally different
Or... Maybe Superman just isn't this perfect being everyone thinks he is.  Reeve's Clark is kind of clumsy when trying to hide his powers. When trying to hold it in he just gets a bit lost. Less confident in himself and it shows. People call it an Act which is is in a way but it's less intentional than people think.  He wandered into traffic absent mindedly and there were consequences. Most people would be injured. In his case the cab was.  Basically there is no way he intentionally trips on pink bear rug and ends up landing in a fire. Reeve's Clark is just kind of a spaz and sometimes it gets him into trouble.
> Peter Parker willingly drives (badly) across Manhattan recklessly endangering the lives of everyone around him,  when did this happen? im blanking
Vividly lol
That dude is unhinged tbh, idk why people took his bait.
Yet. Never seen them share the screen yet.
That is so knock off, I’d think it’s fake.
Thank you!  Context matters
I’m not agreeing with the original commenter, but that’s still a much smaller feat than Superman literally trying and succeeding in saving the entire planet and it’s population
Agreed.  It’s about tone, but it’s also about the framing of the character within the movie.  Spidey is a naive and impulsive kid and so the audience is willing to forgive stupid behavior as it’s part of his journey and we find it somewhat relatable.  Supes in MOS feels kind of detached and a little cold/distant like more of an omniscient presence sort of hovering over humanity and watching it, and so the audience never has the kind of visceral connection to him (for the most part, though of course some people do) that would cause them to give him the benefit of the doubt
He paid the price for that in BvS.  But you are right, MoS needed some humanizing heroics. Like if he would have swooped down to save Cat and Perry.   Snyder's Superman had his head in the right place for the fight, but maybe not his heart.
This just seems like a disingenuous criticism of MoS because we as the viewers know his “god fight” isn’t prioritized over the destruction of the city. We clearly hear Zod say he’s going to kill every single person on earth unless Superman stops him. He can’t just say “alright well give me an hour or so to do some damage control and then we’ll have our fight.” He has to stop Zod immediately or more people are dying.   Now I could totally understand people in universe thinking Superman is prioritizing this fight over saving lives, and that’s exactly what plays out in BvS.
Cavill got fired because of Safran and Gunn, no one else. Any intelligent, responsible studio would've kept him on in light of his enormous fan-following and popularity.  Snyder only has a bad rap in certain corners of the internet like here, and among elite critics who are biased against him due to their misconceptions of his political beliefs. The general public loves his movies.
He borrows Flash's car and Ned helps instruct him on how to drive to the Vulture's hideout.
Yeah he got caught in obvious contradictions constantly. Gave me a good laugh though
I don’t think you watched Man of Steel? The Superman I saw loved his mom and dad intensely, flirted with Lois and smiled and laughed with her. He was an introvert since he is an alien among us…did you take that as being cold? He’s quiet, shy but not cold
I think that’s probably the best way to put it.
He saved the workers on the oil rig, the bus full of kids, Lois multiple times, urged the people of Smallville to get indoors when the Kryptonians were attacking, swooped in to save the dude falling out of the helicopter the Kryptonians wrecked, saved a fighter pilot, destroyed the world engine and saved the entire planet, then killed Zod saving that family in the train station and also the entire human population of earth. I just don’t know what more people wanted.
It's so frustrating because I know what they were going for, and they got so close, but it just didn't land.   Lol at the swooping down to save cat and perry. A friend of mine who lives for Superman was super drunk after seeing it, his exact words when I asked what he thought of it, "I mean... If he had just swooped down to save a baby..."
I don't think we as viewers felt that way though. It's not enough to have a single line and then just wanton destruction of a city and thousands of people.  It seems more disingenuous to suggest the only alternative is "alright well give me an hour or so to do some damage control and then we’ll have our fight." Superman is smart, god forbid the movie has him do something clever to save the day. At least for me that would be more relatable.  I dunno, it just seemed like the only solution he had to problems was punching. It's a part of Superman I love, but it's not enough to be a relatable character.
Cavill was not fired, he wasn't under contract to appear in any projects. Gunn and Safran just decided not to hire him again. If that's what you mean then yeah it's their fault, whose else would it be? The *other* CEOs and chairmen of DC Studios?  Cavill doesn't have an enormous fan-following or popularity, otherwise Justice League wouldn't have underperformed and Black Adam would have gotten a late bump in pre-sales.  You guys in Snyder's fanbase try to say his movies were intelligent masterpieces that most people were too dumb to understand yet you also insist they were universally beloved and among the most successful movies in history. In reality they were just some movies that did well and would have done even better if most people didn't think they were bad.  If Cavill was some sensation and not just a really mediocre actor who gets action roles because he's buff, and if his version of Superman was actually beloved and not a bad joke to most, then the studio wouldn't have cancelled JL 2 and Man of Steel 2, and Gunn/Safran would keep him like they're apparently keeping some other characters.
If you were any more wrong, you might actually start making sense.   The world does not care about Cavill and Snyder is a joke. Face facts my little bud.
Are we thinking of the same Henry Cavill?  Henry Cavill is like the male Margot Robbie.  On paper, they’ve both got conventionally attractive movie star good looks, they’ve both got some pretty well known movies and tv shows in their filmographies, they’ve got very active fanbases online… and yet neither one really has consistent hits (if any at all as leads) nor does either one seem to have made much of an impression on the general audience.     I think it just comes down to personality, and honestly neither of them really have much in that department.  They’re both capable actors, but I don’t think they have the kind of star power people thought they would when they first came onto the scene.
I love man of steel. But do you think it would have had such a dramatic drop in ticket sales if he hadn't have snapped Zod's neck?  I am saying this as a fan of the movie. I have defended it for years.  The movie needs less disaster porn (people getting crushed should have been implied not seen. That was horrific like war of the worlds type stuff).   It needed Zod to get captured at the end or sucked into the phantom zone.   Now watch, in flashpoint they will make a POINT of supergirl not killing Zod. Hopefully in a hopeful moment but I bet they are going to rub Zack Snyder's nose in doody over it in a smug, over the top fashion.   Audiences go wild and super man is over with.   Hope I'm wrong but that will ultimately be the result of Zack Snyder's cynical writing style. Someone should have told him it wasn't watchmen.   Anyway nothing but love for MoS but it didn't work out well in the end, did it?
> It's so frustrating because I know what they were going for, and they got so close, but it just didn't land.  Yeah this is what frustrates me with Snyder. On paper I think many of his final ideas were fucking quality, I just don't think he had the talent to execute those ideas as efficiently as possible for mainstream appeal. It's ridiculous just how much stuff was lost on audiences, and that's entirely on the filmmaker.  Like, neither MOS or BVS are any deeper than the sort of movies Nolan and Villenueve makes. So why are they (I'm mostly talking about Nolan here) able to make movies that are both critical and audience hits?
What would you have Superman do after Zod says “I'm going to make them suffer, Kal. These humans you've adopted, I will take them all from you one by one.” I mean what the fuck else is he supposed to do other than fight Zod? There is no outsmarting that. Superman and Zod’s fight did not kill thousands of people, Zod’s attempt at terraforming the earth killed thousands of people.
Yet Margot Robbie is starring in Barbie for WB and word of mouth says it is EXCELLENT. She takes risks and yes, those risks have not paid out lately. Don’t blame her for TSS flopping since her SS Harley was instantly idolized and became iconic overnight. Cavill is popular as Superman, hence why MoS made over double Superman Returns only a few years earlier. Gunn has his work cut out
Zack Snyder is not the writer of Man of Steel. A movie about superheroes without consequences has no weight and audiences are getting smart about that
I just don't think Snyder understands nuance. Phenomenal visual eye and I love the scale that he gives his projects, but he misses the little things when making big moves.
He saved the workers on the oil rig, the bus full of kids, Lois multiple times, urged the people of Smallville to get indoors when the Kryptonians were attacking, swooped in to save the dude falling out of the helicopter the Kryptonians wrecked, saved a fighter pilot, destroyed the world engine and saved the entire planet, then killed Zod saving that family in the train station and also the entire human population of earth. I just don’t know what more people wanted.
Wrong, it's entirely on the audiences. The filmmaker should be applauded for not dumbing down his scripts to the lowest common denominator. And intelligent people should be grateful they got at least some superhero movies aimed at their level. Watching a superhero movie should not mean you're reading a young adult novel or children's book. They should be aimed at the kind of people who want to read highbrow sci-fi and complex novels aimed squarely at adults.  Ignore the critics. They are deeply biased against Snyder. That's why he doesn't get the same reviews as some of these other people. And even Nolan only got 69% with Tenet. It's one of his best, most intelligent, most complex, most ambitious films. But the critics liked Zack's Justice League better, to name one example. Joker only scored in the 60s too. It's time to leave the critics out of the equation. They are a meaningless statistic and measurement. And Man of Steel got an A- Cinemascore, and both it and BVS did very well at the box office. You should be asking why Hamada, Safran and Gunn keep flopping big with DC movies.
The movies fiction, you can replace that line with something that lets Superman be heroic?  Edit: and there's no outsmarting that? It's a movie, you can create exactly the conditions you need for him to outsmart that. Just because they wrote themselves into a corner doesn't give them a pass when the only option left is a bad one.
He could have punched him into the phantom zone.   Maybe Kal's rocket survived, he locks Zod in it (which de powers him due to kryptonian atmosphere) and launches him to to space, marooning him?  Killing Zod was a low quality finish given all the story threads they had to work with.
I'm not saying either of them are bad at what they do.  Not at all.  It's not rare for people in film to be excellent at what they do but simply not connect with audiences.  Ryan Gosling (also in Barbie) is a terrific actor with tons of notable roles and plenty of accolades.  He also just so happens to be box office poison for some reason.  I've got no idea why because I think it's pretty evident that he's great and he's definitely a big part of pop culture, but for some reason he just can't bring people in no matter what role he's in or even if he's attached to a franchise.  Some people just aren't stars, even if they have all the makings of one.
Also, I don't think doubling Superman return's box office is a huge flex when that double is still well below the standard for superhero movies at that time.
  /s… right?😬
 he is right
He's right that it's the audiences fault for not liking what they watched?  That's a weirdly pompous take imo.  Movies, especially blockbuster movies, are the art of the masses.  They're as populist as it gets.  This isn't some fine art that you have to be some kind of intellectual to appreciate, especially when its something that has roots as pulp and camp as comic book superheroes.  If you're gonna try and make a sci-fi/action art film hybrid, then just make an original film instead of trying to take something that was essentially designed for mass consumption and turn it into an a pseudo-intellectual exercise.  That's just a bizarre thing to attempt.
He’s right that critics are opinion based and can be easily swayed by emotion and bias like any other human. Critics are to be taken with a grain of salt and they can hold grudges and can allow personal negative feelings towards filmmakers, whether it is religious or political views, and can allow that to seep into their reviews. Look at how many critics chastise Snyder, a very religious man, for bringing Christ imagery into Superman? Or how many gave Whedon the benefit of the doubt since the enjoyed Buffy and Firefly 30 years ago? How how nostalgia of a video game they played as a youth altered their review of a plotless CGI fest?
Mark my words. You will see Shazam!/Black Adam/Shazam! Fury of the Gods three movie box sets in places like Family Dollar pretty soon. They’ll milk these three for whatever they can get out of them. They already released a Man of Steel/Black Adam box set and they only have the Cavill cameo linking them.
Not even a month in the theatres. Sad. I went to see it and the whole family really enjoyed it. I’ll get it on 4K for under $10 this Black Friday
Do we know when it’ll be on HBO?
Any word on when it will release on HBOMax?
Goddamn it was so popular they had to rush the home release!
Jesus, that was quick
Fucking hell they must really be desperate to try and scrape together whatever little they can. I'll finally give it a watch whenever it hits the seven seas.
:( sad for them.  I hope somehow the movie will gain some appreciation now.
Geez. This movie didn’t deserve this
Wow. I have never seen a theatrical movie hit digital so soon after release, not counting the covid double-release movies.
This movie was way too good to deserve this. I can understand black adams push bc of the rock but goddamn that movie was a flaming pile of shit compared to this one.
where will it be streaming? iv read 3 different articles about this and none of them say
Poor Levi.. this is whole mess
Didn't this movie came out like 3 weeks ago? And now it's about be released on digital and physical copies? Didn't know this movie bombed this bad. Wouldn't be surprised if I see this movie in the $5 Walmart movie bin after like a week.
Can’t wait to see it again.
Honestly, nice. Glad I’ll be able to watch it, hadn’t made it out to the theatre yet for it even though I kind of wanted to. Just been too busy.  I enjoyed the first, I’m sure I’ll enjoy this one as well.  It’s too bad it bombed so hard at the box office but hopefully they can recoup some of those losses if they get more eyes on it.
LOL we were going to see it this weekend and it's already pulled. Damn.
might be the biggest flop since cat woman
This third grader at the school I work at was talking to me all about this movie he loved it, only issue for him was why did they change the lightning bolt lmao. I really liked it, shame it didn't do well with the rest of the public
Seriously though, who didn't see this coming??
Damn this movie that bad?
Just here to say I loved it like others are stating.  My entire family had a wonderful time watching it.  Should have gotten a couple hundred mil out of this and supported a Shazam 3.
Sad how much of a flop it was because this was a great film
Time to end the embarrassment.
(cries in Levy)
I wish more shit would go quickly to streaming services. The nearest movie theatre to me is a 20 hour drive!
LOL
Everyone thought Black Adam was bad, but this is even worse
I liked it enough in theaters to watch it again with subtitles streaming this time. Grace has plot 👀
Wow. Wb is screwing the people who went to theatre a week ago
Cool. Looking forward to watching it for free.
Is there release date yet for HBO Max?
i prefer to watch movies at home now post covid, so which app do i need to toss $20 at to enjoy this?
amazon prime when?
Sucks that it didn't do well at all. I enjoyed it so the silver lining for me is that I get to watch it again at home so quickly.
Dude what!
I’m gonna grab me the steel book for my massive CBM collection
It is time to finally see it... from the seas.
Any news on an hbomax date?
I feel bad for this movie
Waiting for the MoS, BvS, JL, ZSJL, SS and Flash bundle because Zod and Flash appear in at least one of these.
The rock will probably block it from happening
Shazam 2, Black Adam toys are already littering Canadian Dollarama. They also sell the Shazam and Man of Steel/BvS blurays for $5CAD.
That actually sounds pretty nice!
*Three weeks*. Exactly *three* weeks.
I work at a theater, our busiest ever showing of Shazam (for its two and a half week run) was 26 people
If it’s lucky, it might pull some huge streaming numbers.  That could be a saving Grace that would also show WB people are still interested in the character.
Why buy it. It’s free on hbo max lol. If you like dc you should have hbo max regardless
They haven't announced that, but Black Adam hit HBO Max about 2 weeks before the Blu-ray. So maybe Shazam 2 on HBO in early May?
DC movies have been dropping on HBO 45 days after the theatrical release since The Batman.     So if we're going by that then it'll drop April 30th.
Lol
Almost as quick as Jesus came out after his death
It makes sense. It's not going to make any money at the box office this weekend with Super Mario coming out. Might as well get a jump start on the home video revenue. It's a long holiday weekend and people will be with family.
Tomorrow, we get the booty
I’m such a fan that I route my VPN through DC to steal their movies ;)
[removed]
I loved it smh wish it did better i want shazam 3 but sigh*
sure it did it was a lousy sequel
What? Most of Universal movies were available on digital after 17 days. Even Super Mario movie will be available exactly 1 month after it released in theater. Everything changed after Covid.
Saw it in the week I thought it was better than the first one.
HBO Max eventually, but they haven't announced that date yet. They're going to try to get some digital purchase revenue first.
Poor David F Sandberg too   He's a decent director.
Yeah. To put it into perspective, the Super Mario movie made the same amount on its opening night that Shazam 2 made on its opening weekend.
I loved the first movie and hearing mixed things about the second. I’m gonna see the movie this weekend and see for myself what I think but I’m very critical of most dc movies since man of steel. I think I only liked Wonder Woman 1 and James Gunns  suicide squad
How so? You're forgetting theatres are a social events, some people happily pay to have that. you know, human stuff.
It could show up on HBO MAX in two weeks and I'm still planning on trying to see it in the theater. Significantly different experience.
At that point, why not at the Aquaman and Wonder Woman movies and you've got a Snyderverse box set
Jem and The Holograms '15 says hello.
Flash: “Hold my beer.”
Was it the red carpet premiere event where all the stars show up and watch it?
Sadly HBO Max is only available in America. I live in Australia and it’s really random who gets DCEU movies to stream, I find it easier to buy them
4k disc looks better than 4k streaming which matters for people like me.
A bum thief like WB?
I wonder why it did so badly? I love the first but I don’t go to the theaters much anymore and made and exception for John wick 4 because I loved the first 3 and Donnie yen was in it. I remember reading a rumor where Shazam 2 didn’t test screen as well as the first while the Flash was the highest rated out of all the dc test screenings.
Why do you think that?
Definitely not worse than Black Adam and Quantumania
still though.    We all get why it was done, but it still feels like a shit thing to happen, especially when this movie was gutted pretty heavily.
Has the Mario movie been confirmed to be 17 days after release
maybe, but it didnt have the heart of the first one.    Someone pointed out to me, that there's no reason for Zachary Levi to act like a man-child in Shazams body, and I can't unsee that now.     It made sense in the first movie, but BIlly's grown up now and it looks like his alter-ego has become more childish.   They feel like two different characters.
That’s what I mean where is it available for digital purchase and renting
ouch....
Yeah I’d much rather see it in theaters than BUY it to watch it at home on a TV
Same, I just checked showtimes for Monday
I have a box set of Man of Steel through Aquaman. It even has the Ultimate Edition of BVS.
Jem is truly outrageous, truly, truly truly outrageous
Unless you get a VPN!
Ohh didn’t know you were there. Ya makes sense now
I mean I understand why you’d want black Adam in blu ray. It’s a much better movie than Shazam 2.
What did wb steal?
Bad trailer, scrapped dceu, overall not much interest in the character, superhero fatigue, bad rotten score. Alot came together for this one
horrible villains billy was almost 18 in the movie but zach levis shazam still acted like he was 6 years old. the plot made 0 sense if the wizard staff could take back powers why even seal black adam just drain hes power back. it also contradicted the plot of wonder woman if the wizard drained all the power of the gods turning them human how did ares kill all the gods.the wisdom of Solomon you know the power that allows him to understand and speak all languages but basic English as shazam nothing made sense
You’re right, it’s wayyyyy worse lol
Yeah Antman 3 was much worse
I feel like because Billy never really had a happy kid childhood because his been stuck in the system since young that inner child he never got to see comes out when transforms into Shazam .Like a reverse PTSD .
Everywhere you can buy/rent digital movies: [https://moviesanywhere.com/movie/shazam-fury-of-the-gods-2023](https://moviesanywhere.com/movie/shazam-fury-of-the-gods-2023)  iTunes, Vudu, Amazon, Google Play, Microsoft
Probably Amazon
Wouldn’t I need a US address and credit card though to sign up for HBO Max?
The goodwill of the fans.
I agree. I got superhero fatigue after black panther 1 and thought it could’ve been so much better if it wasn’t an mcu movie with that lame fight at the end
Man you seem fun at parties.
I am sure you were itching to finally place a reply like that but this wasn't the moment for it.
Good point. I think you might be able to fake an address but it still might be difficult.
It’s practically a straight to dvd movie lol
Bro, idk but Batman throwing out a casual What's up so damn funny; I don't think it's something he'd be saying in the Watchtower, so I guess him and this street worker are just chill like that 😌.
I believe this is from Morrison’s Three Ghosts of Batman. He’s investigating some Bane looking guy abusing working girls. One of the girls end up saving him when he almost gets killed. Bruce seems to have a soft spot for working girls, and always offers them a way out by offering jobs at his company.
Note how he dosent say no in the bottom 2.
I'd say Catwoman's history was fairly well hinted at without making it brazen.
I read this in Kevin Conroy’s voice (RIP).
This was shown in 2 Movies i’m aware of: - [BVS](https://youtu.be/Af7KOZ3nRm8) - [Year One](https://youtu.be/KLBVGqHLvao)
God this wants me to read a heavily detective style Batman.
I like this side of Batman. It shows that he doesn’t just protect the streets of Gotham but he actually cares about the people who live there, especially the working girls who get looked down by the society
I can’t really think of a better way to have eyes and ears in bad neighborhoods when you can’t be there personally.
I think that's a swell idea.  Ties in with The Batman really well. The world building potential is wide open so far, so any of this would be a mind blowing cinema experience, simply for how alive the world could feel with these interactions.
This is hilarious. Watch Batman end up becoming the biggest pimp in Gotham simply because the girls *know* he'll keep them safe without taking their money.
What issue is this image from? I remember I read this once and enjoyed it.
Not sure if you ever read a 70’s-90’s comic, but hookers where always portrayed in a sympathetic light  as they where considered victims of pimps snd taken advantage of. “Sex workers” has a different conotation then the time these books where going for. I’m sure if you read the full stories in punisher and Batman, spawn etc, you would think it was a negative portrayal of “sex workers”
In the words of Bunk Moreland  “They say a police is only as good as his informants”
Sex Work is Real Work.   Sad how it’s given such a bad rep only bc it’s made illegal. In places where it’s legal u don’t have worry about STDs the same way people do on the streets and is a much safer environment for these workers.   But if you film it then it’s legal. But don’t film it and it’s a crime. Wild some of the outlandish laws the US has and even today. Thankfully a lot these been getting changed but still face push back.
What comics are the top and right from?
Why? What would this even add?
guess Batman pay alot of visits to them as Bruce Wayne
It doesn’t feel right seeing Batman act so casual with prostitutes. A lot of interpretations don’t even have him act that way with his own family.
Batman seemed kinda resentful towards Selena's past in that rooftop scene. It wasn't his best moment and it just kinda poured out of him. I thought it was an interesting insight into his character. I'm honestly not a big fan of playboy Batman, I like when he's autistic-coded and doesn't really know how to respond to relationships maturely
Batman secretly taps prostitutes... my mannn
Why wouldn't Bruce Wayne use his wealth to get these "sex workers" out of that hard life? 🤔
Last I checked he is a damn near trillionaire.  I'm sure there's something else he could do other than 'protect' them.
"I'm busy right now?" That's not a very forceful refusal. 😆 So, in light of Mary Magdalene, is this Batman being used as a Christ allegory?
yeah no, women degrading themselves bad.
Seeing how poorly the first movie handled drug addiction and mental illness, I wouldn’t be surprised to see Batman physically assault a prostitute in a part 2.
“Freebie?  Well if no money’s changing hands I guess this would count as an act of stopping crime…”
Not anymore. Batman isn't street level. He's too busy fighting unstoppable murder bots in an alternate dimension.
He only helps sex workers when it rains.
They're his galpals!
For some reason I can imagine Michael Keaton Batman saying this.
I mean, that is Grant Morrison dialog.
I think the inherent silliness/absurdity of Bruce, fully decked out in his “I am the night!” combat gear and bat mask, chilling with the citizens of Gotham is so charming. I’d like to see more of that. It’s the combination of Bruce being pretty chill with them and the people themselves being comfortable with the bat vigilante walking around.
The one at the bottom corner is. Not sure where the other two are from.
“Clocked in, Roxy.”
I don't think so. The movie makes it clear Batman is feared/resented by the public, which is what Bruce wants. Selina was his first ally. Since he ends the movie deciding to be better, Matt Reeves can show Batman befriending/allying himself with sex workers, and other civilians. Perhaps mingle with them as Matches Malone. It would work very well with Battinson.
Because that is Batman's voice. It's the measure that all others are judged by.
I liked the BvS scene but much like the train scene in The Batman, Bruce saved the victims instead of connecting with them and comforting them like he does in comics. Both Battinson and Batfleck were vengeance driven at those points. I want something cordial and friendly between Batman and sex workers. In these panels, he knows their names and they treat him like their pals.
Man, Year One was such a good movie  I also liked the extended cut of bvs  But Year One might be my all time favorite Batman movie just because its so Gordon centric too and he's my boy
Never leaves home without his Bat-prophylactics.
Matt Reeves explained it was jealousy that was pouring out in that scene. Bruce liked Selina and hated imagining her with another man just to get info for her heist.
He does? There are hole arcs about it?'
How is that degrading yourself?
Sir/Madam, this is The Batman, not Todd Philips's Joker.
As long as it’s not Bale….track record not so good with working girls
And either this sequence or one later in the arc ends with a great moment of him offering a job to a very young working girl who can't read, and it's awesome
My point is he already has. What do you think the women in Penguin's club do?
::Insert Walter White “You’re God Damn Right.” GIF::
Kevin is goated but Roger Craig Smith is a better Batman voice ibsr
He's like the best pimp ever
I wanted to like Year One. I even saw it at the SDCC premiere, which usually adds rose tinted glasses. Cranston was great, of course, but Ben McKenzie could not have phoned it in as Bruce Wayne any more that he did. Dude sounded legitimately bored during his readings.
Eh, I think my biggest issue is it was just a shot for shot remake of the comic. If I wanted to read the comic, I'd read it. That's not why I watch movies.
Idk, I'm not sure if he does that's why I'm asking.
Yeah, I know. Having watched The Batman, I don’t think they would be this respectful to sec workers.
Or with any girls tbh.
I'm saying he should do it more. Make more allies and friends in the streets.   Not only Batman protects them, he can get info from them from time to time. It would work well with his detective side.
I got the impression that lots of the women trick at Penguin’s club, but not Selina.
Well now you know, it's still stupid for you to ask about the one character that is famous for bring the one good billionaire who spends all of his money trying to help out everybody in Gotham
love that you brought this point up, would love to see his appreciation for the people of gotham
And it's a bit rude for you to go in like that, not everyone is an avid comic reader. Some of us enjoy the big-screen adaptation more. Bitter much.
This isn't some obscure thing of like the wonder twins, this is common knowledge of probably the most famous superhero in the world
Got it, you don’t like rap music
It’s becoming increasingly clear some of y’all just don’t like Superhero movies.  *It’s just a generic superhero movie!* ~ what the fuck you expect? Citizen Kane?
> Hates reused plot  > Excited for a movie based on a comic book and another animated movie by the same name  Something doesn’t add up chief
Complains about the reused plot, gets excited about MoS Zod, Keaton Batman.
Oh no not the rap music!
Old man yells at cloud vibes
I'm not a major fan of rap music in trailers either but I don't use that as a criticism against a movie's quality. Also can you explain why Jaime isn't an exciting character?
Rap music is the biggest genre right now. Get over it.
On one side, I can see it will probably be another generical superhero movie, but on the other side, I can tell this one was made with more heart that other stuff recently released, and it's noticeable people involved in this had a good time with this project.
All of that is true, but unlike Shazam FotG, the trailer actually looked fun and exciting for some reason
I think it looks good
what's wrong with them using rap? also talking about reused plots with cape comics...is... a thing
Going purely off the trailer, yeah, standard origin story with generic "I'm evil and I do evil things" bad guy, yup.
DC could use a little successful, generic superhero movie.
I think I get what you're saying about rap in the trailers. I understand movie-making is a business and all, but it starts to look corny and stick out when nearly *everyone* is doing the same thing.  Like when horror/thriller trailers have a girl or woman with a high-pitched voice singing a creepy cover of some well-known song.  A little variety in marketing would definitely help to make a lot of films look less generic, and maybe appeal to more people as a result.
Ok
They effectively all are now. There’s only so many ways you can tell these stories without some overlap.   What’s funny to me is that I think MoS and BvS have aged among the best (I’ll toss in Winter Soldier and maybe the first Guardians here as well) with all of the CBMs because they dared to be a little different.
A lot of people loved the 1st iron man and I bet most people cannot name the villian of the movie. As long as Jaime is likeable it will do well.   And what's wrong with rap? It worked really will with into the spiderverse?
I fear that may be the case I’ve been so mesmerized by the suits I hadn’t really paid much attention to the other aspects of the trailer but I’ll of course see it regardless
So you expect autobiography film or something? It is a film about a character from superhero comic book. Lol
In all honesty, I think comic book movies need to take a little hiatus. The trailer felt underwhelming to me. Would not be blown away to start seeing video game adaptations becoming the new attraction.
Why does this whole post radiate a pungent combo of “back in my day…” and “you damn kids, get off my lawn!” type of energy😂
The director locked his Twitter account. He's getting a lot of heat.
Seems Venom + Iron Man.
Most origin/exposition stories are as they set the rules for the character in the presented mythos.  Otherwise you come into a fully realized character with secret powers that save the day each sequel; the lamest of maguffins.
Who’s your favorite rapper?
Precisely this! Thoses are kids and teens movies, my brothers in Christ, yes, they can have great stories fs, but they are still movies for kids and teens.
Have you read superhero comics? So many amazing, different stories. The movies do not have to keep showing us the exact same story with a different outfit over and over again.
>Citizen Kane?  ...Yes? I'm guessing you haven't read many comics. Comic books like any other medium, are a diverse format of storytelling.
It's okay when things I like reuse plot points and characters though!
I don’t think that helped your argument how you’d hoped lol
Because that’s something to be excited about and that there are actual stakes, they need to find supergirl apparently to stop zod and flash needs to regain his abilities.  Plus these characters are fucking awesome and bringing them back is what will get fans excited.
He can’t, bc we only have seeing like 25 seconds cuts of him by now!
Did they really though?  I don’t think so.
Why’s he getting a lot of heat?
I assure you that I have read a ton of comic books and I'm here to tell you that 90% of the stories hit the exact same beats with the exact same paces & people.   The art form of comics is repetition. It's seeing the same things with slight variations over and over again until once every 10-15 years something big/different comes along that builds off all the little things built along the way.
> Because that’s something to be excited about and that there are actual stakes  Flash has perhaps the lowest stakes of any Superhero movie in the last 15 years.   Beyond any shadow of a doubt we know for a fact that not a single thing within the movie will matter a single iota once the credits roll.
Who’d you think? Racists mainly and probably people with bad takes like OP
Batman being a fascists, Puerto Rico being a slave colony and saying Trump should get shot in the head like Lincoln while Trump was President in 2018.
Even if we didn't know the DCEU was dead shortly after this, what stakes are there for a character with easily accessible time travel?
OP is just throwing words at his keyboard lmao
https://youtu.be/t5ogXuudpkk
I didn’t ask who I asked why, but thanks for your input.
https://youtu.be/t5ogXuudpkk
Yeah. OP hates rap and only likes the thr high name heroes. Probably hated Iron man before 2012 and now has a Captain America shirt.
Just cause I'm bored ~ the video lists 4 major components for why X-Men Days of Future Past was successful. The first 3 are:  > * We have these two giant but distinct casts from two separate movie universes.  > * We have a lazer focused storyline with zero fat.   > * We have two very distinct time periods that offer an extremely refreshing amount of variety.  The Flash has literally none of those lol.   The last one is:  > Time travel forces the movie to firmly establish an objective and the characters attempts to achieve that objective is what drives the excitement of the movie.   That works great in a movie like X-Men where the plot is to travel back in time to prevent an apocalyptic future. That's an extremely clear plot where the heroes are trying to prevent a horrible future. It remains to be seen how well that concept works when the hero is not traveling to the past to prevent a future but is instead in an entirely different dimension and simply attempting to go back to his own dimension. His actions with Supergirl & Bat-keaton aren't saving anything storywise. It's just filler until he can learn a lesson and go un-save his mom.  To bring it back to the original point - the Stakes of DOFP were extremely clear. Either the heroes successfully changed the timeline or their own future was a hellscape of death/destruction. We as an audience found it easy to root for them and it was extremely clear cut. The stakes of the Flash, at least from what we know, are much less clear. The hero is trying to reset the timeline to save a timeline that we as an audience haven't seen in 7 years and know for a fact is going to be dead regardless. It's also unclear what (if anything) is bad about the alternate timeline that requires erasing. Why as an audience do I care if there's a different Batman and Supergirl instead of Superman? It's not like it's an apocalyptic wasteland or anything.  That's just not nearly as compelling IMO.   But to each their own. If you're hyped AF about it then far be it from me to tell you what to like.
Is racists (racism) not why?
RemindMe! June 26th 2023 "Rewatch video and see if Flash lines up with it"
🤓 Umm, actually, Iron Man and Captain America have *always* been Marvel's A listers!
I guess when you put it that way, sure.
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [**2023-06-26 00:00:00 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2023-06-26%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time) to remind you of [**this link**](https://www.reddit.com/r/DC_Cinematic/comments/12dp95w/blue_beetle_movie_is_going_to_be_another_generic/jf8dray/?context=3)  [**CLICK THIS LINK**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FDC_Cinematic%2Fcomments%2F12dp95w%2Fblue_beetle_movie_is_going_to_be_another_generic%2Fjf8dray%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202023-06-26%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.  ^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%2012dp95w)  *****  |[^(Info)](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/)|[^(Custom)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here)|[^(Your Reminders)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21)|[^(Feedback)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback)| |-|-|-|-|
No they haven’t. Before the MCU movies X-Men, FF and Spider-Man were their A listers.   The only reason they ever started their cinematic universe with their B characters like Iron Man, Cap and Thor in the A list slots is that the rights to all the other characters were sold off to Fox ages before.
That was the joke.  > the rights to all the other characters were sold off to Fox ages before.  Wrong, wrong, wrong. They sold some off to Sony and Universal too!
Ah a whoosh moment for me.
It happens to all of us!
\#DadEnergy
I'm just getting into the show and about done with the first season. I really like the show but starting to hate the son Jordan. He is always whining and complaining about something. Does this get better as the show goes?
Did they recast the other brother? Who is the black eyed dude
If only the CW put this much energy into their other projects
I don’t like the show, I think its terribly written and focuses on the wrong things, BUT Hoechlin is a great Clark. GREAT Clark! Not a big fan of his Superman tho.
Love this confrontation so much more than how it went in Man of Steel
Ennaya superman and lois veriyan aa
If this exact same scene was directed by Snyder just the way it is then this would be criticised to death.
Why is he so short?
.#NotMySuperman .#SNAPHISNECKBABY
Hoechlin is such a bad Superman lol
fr fr. The only extra thing normal dads would do here is dramatically grab the car keys , but since he's superman he doesn't need to do it ( obv )
It gets worse before it gets better
I thought the same when I started watching SaL. It gets better towards the end of season 2 but until then Jordan never shuts up.
Last actor was having mental health issues, so he quit
How is it terribly written? I strongly disagree, other than some of the season 2 stuff with the Cushing family.
I disagree completely. Show might not be everyone's cup of tea and it does sometimes go overboard with drama, but it genuinely does a great job exploring its characters. This is honestly some of my favorite iterations of Lois and Superman. Also, I'm sorry, I know it's an opinion and all, but fucking Hoechlin is an amazing Superman. He feels like the most genuine and endearing adaptation of the character we had yet.
Honestly, same. It’s the same thing with Grant Gustin in the Flash. Great portrayal, but the show around him is ass. Not to say this show is ass, but it’s definitely got CW quality writing.
I’ll have to watch the show past what I’ve seen cause this clip + when he confronts the guy as Clark felt way off for Clark to me.
When was this confrontation done in Man of Steel? Clark isn't married and doesn't have kids
nalla series pa
He's 2cm shorter than cavill
What?
Insanely hot take
Why do you feel that way?
No, he's not. He's fantastic in both roles. He brings a much needed sense of vulnerability to Clark that was completely absent in Cavill's version. He's also immensely likable and down to earth.  Hochelin's Superman is faced with insurmountable odds and situations he has no control over, and yet he perseveres without taking anything personally because he's Superman.  Oh, and he would *never* let his father willingly sacrifice himself to a tornado.
L Take
>Hoechlin is such a bad Superman lol  How does it feel to be so incredibly wrong, and to know that everyone is laughing at you and your mistakes?
you would be wrong on that but thats okay we all have dumb things we are wrong about
The only bad part is the padded suit they put him on for no reason.
Still leaps and bounds better than Henry Cavill
So is the show good enough to stick with it? About to wrap up season one right now. Pretty good so far.
Damn that's really an optimal recast, no disrespect intended to either actor they just look so similar I barley realized
Thanks for the info!
In terms of DC CW shows it definitely has the others beat
So for context if you want it: >!at this point in the show after thinking they were going to have another kid it turns out Lois has stage 3 cancer.  Their son Jordan who has powers is acting like a vigilante on his own against his parents' wishes.  Clark finds out criminals have gotten hold of his blood, which was taken by the US military without his knowledge by his father in law, and the criminals are using it to give themselves powers.  Clark has also been having nightmares of Lois dying every night since the diagnosis.  !<This is basically him at the end of his rope and he almost snapped.
Mild mannered indeed
It may be a reference to how Cavill Clark handled that guy in the bar who harassed him and women, which was one of my favorite parts of MoS
S2 konjam bore adichdhu
JOHNNY....IT'S TIME TO GO SUPERNOVA
If you have to ask, you won’t understand
Lmao the fact you think he’s fantastic tells me everything I need to know about your taste.  Also not everything has to be compared. Just cause you didn’t like Cavill doesn’t make this guy amazing lmao.  Good day.
Lmao enjoy your shitty children’s television programming 😂
Lmao if ‘everyone’ is a bunch of fucking losers who genuinely like made-for-children CW shows like S&L then I’m not feelin to bad tbh 😂
Lol yikes
All of it is bad
Y’all are obsessed.  Where in the fuck did I bring up Cavill?  I’m saying this dude. On his own.  Is a bad Superman.   Don’t be fucking stupid.
Yeah, it's a good show. It gets a bit cheesy at times but it's worth it.
Definitely, there's some photos where the actors look extremely alike too  They couldn't have asked for someone closer looking to the previous actor to take over
Obviously it’s one of the best, but being produced by the CW, it’s still going to have the same writing style
That explains a lot lol yeah seeing this stuff way out of context didn’t help.
You think you could link me a clip of Clark confronting whoever he’s leaving to go see in this clip. I’ve got no clue what to search because I don’t watch the show
Oh yeah that was awesome plus the "you think you can hurt my mother?" was amazing
Hmm s3 nalla iruku
I thought i wasn’t supposed to do that ??!
If you can't explain you already don't.
“I have an insanely hot and borderline objectively incorrect take! No I will not explain it you stupid child! The inner workings of my mind are far too complex for a nitwit like you!”
I'll continue to have a great day, as Hochelin is still in the role with new episodes of his show coming out. It's great to be able to look forward to a properly crafted Clark and Superman being developed by a team that understands how the character should actually be portrayed.
The typical rebuddle. Your opinion is yours and it's a minority. Stay mad.
Well, that's good. I'm glad that the failures of your life aren't dragging you down, and that you can come to terms with being a pathetic person who genuinely believes they are superior to others for not liking a particular form of media. Good on you.
Yes you have said that. Keep repeating it. That will surely validate your point of view 🙃
What’s the point in being so aggressive and using such demeaning language when you yourself seem to grasp it’s just an opinion?  Honestly not a fan of the teenage CW style plot lines but the show offers enough that’s not that, and has good performances from almost all of the cast…  The guy is a slightly nerdier looking Superman but otherwise he’s completely won me over… feel like you’re just being overtly negative on the internet to be a dick but to each their own.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFvU8LK2zCw
Yes exactly omg you’re so smart love that for you
Haha bro it’ll be cancelled but yes enjoy your shitty tv while it lasts ✌️
lol the majority doesn’t watch stupid fucking cw shows lmao you’re delusional
Lol the fact you wrote this is sad
It is bad get over it
Thank you
I will! At least it's lasting. ;)
Damn homie spouting shit like the last solo Cavill Superman movie wasn’t 10 years ago now…
You are so mad. It's ok man.
Okay.
Is it bad?
Yet again. You repeat yourself.
Lol dumb fucking statement but go off
Again I never brought up Cavill,  you weirdos obsessed with a children’s show did lol
Am I
mmhmm
It’s bad
Can you stop being such a petty little bastard?
How is that a dumb statement? They are literally in the process of releasing a third season. Your argument boils down to “I don’t like it so there’s no way it will last”, as if people don’t have different tastes and opinions.
Is it a children’s show?
Very much.
Reeeeee
It is a children’s show if it’s on CW.  Tween show at best.  Trademark cw issues.  If you don’t see that it just means you like shit television which is fine.
Naw
Is everything ok with you?
Teaser with the music makes me feel like I’m watching Toonami
The series releases in Summer on Adult Swim.
Oooh, I love this style!  Kind of prefer the music in this other [teaser](https://youtu.be/Yw91jQwJnDo) though.
Tomboy Lois Lane? There really is a god after all.
Looks good, and Jack Quaid’s voice fits pretty well!
hopefully its good. that S symbol looks like shit tho
A Superman anime!
We finally have another superman animated after allll those years.
Is this anime, or a western production made to look like anime?
I actually really like the animation more than I thought I would. Especially his S shield here.
LOIS IS AN ABSOLUTE BADDIE IN THIS LETS GOOOOOO
Kind of similar to the style of Catwoman Hunted movie. I love it!
I saw a pick of supermans design but had no idea this is what it was from
Why does this remind me of Invincible y’all
Normal people: Finally some Superman animation series, it's been so long since we had one... God I hope we get a at least a second season.  Me: Tomboy Lois !!!!!!!!!!!
It might just be me, but it annoys me that everything now is anime influenced. I wish we could get a series that was in the style of the 1940s Superman shorts.
The first Superman cartoon in…I don’t know how long. Looks promising.
This looks real good and super fun, can’t wait. Especially since we’re in a bit of a DC animation drought.
the animation looks reminiscent of Invincible
Is it just me or does the animation look like Invincible?
Adult Swim?!?  Is that why is bulge is so big?
Color palette like Invincible
Lois looks like an adult Luz from Owl House
Let’s Go!!
Fuck yes. This looks fantastic
Best Lois design imo.
Looks fire and modern! Can't wait
Looks much more like an anime then I thought- I kind of like it though.
Love it
Jack Quaid's voice is not a good fit, in my opinion.
love the style
They turned Jimmy into Kumal
Haven’t seen it yet but looks to be decent so far will save my take until after it’s released.
You guys the real heroes.
😎🤯😍👌
Oh look, yet another animated series about anyone but Wonder Woman. Exciting - said no one ever 🙄🤡
Mmmmm to anime for me. I’ll try it tho.
Superman to Batman: At least my sidekicks won't hate me or have serious mental health  issues when they grow up
Why is it anime? 🤮☹️
I didn’t like it before and I still don’t like it now.
It looks good but I hope DC steps up their animation game
Meh... it could be better  Also this kind of animation fits more into a Spider-man animated series than this show
..... That doesn't look promising.
Yikes. Just yikes. What a downfall from the glory days of the 1990s animated series.
Its a weird trend to make many women look less female. Not a fan. Music choices are weird too.
Get RID of the effing trunks…
The fact that it's on Adult Swim has my worried they're going to throw in a ton of gratuitous violence in order to make it "mature"
He looks like Generic Anime Guy #4. Very ugly art direction choices.
Getting pretty sick of DCs animation style, wish they'd change it up
u/savevideo
The art style almost kind of reminds me of invincible meets the boondocks. I’m not a fan of how rectangular the superman logo looks though,  but hey, I think I can get past it and get used to it.
What the 2017 Spider-Man show should've looked like.
Love the Invincible style animation. What’s up with the “S” logo tho?
i love the art style man
That's where it's gonna air
Does that mean 15 minute episodes?
It looks like boondocks animation, makes sense it’s on adult swim
Yea the music in OPs post is like the classic toonami/adult swim teaser style. I kinda like it for nostalgic reasons.
Because she has short hair? Catwoman also has short hair
And he’s GOOD!
Is the prerequisite for being a tomboy just having short hair?  Because I feel the term is getting thrown around more than it needs to these days
What do you call a boy with long hair?
What do you think "tomboy" means?
I think it will grow on me, but I see what you mean.
A SupermAnime!!
The latter.
It wouldn't be the DC Studios of the last few years if they weren't trying to imitate someone else instead of being creative.
She was such a baddass in the 40s cartoon, the real hero of the people in some ways, and Clark just tagged along to get her out of the scraps she got herself into going to the story by being absolutely based
*furiously refreshes deviantart*
I'm sorry to tell you but those things had the budget of movies, Those shorts would be considered the budgets of Hollywood movies today."     To quote the wiki "Each cartoon would cost about $100,000 per short (or $1.43 million per short as of 2021 [7] ); this was about four times the typical budget of a six-minute episode of the Fleischers' popular Popeye the Sailor cartoons of that period."  I'm sorry but we didn't got that type of budget
The animation for the Titans in Zack Snyder's Teen Titans episode was fantastic, perfect and exactly what DC cartoons should be using for their style.
Yeah theyre definitely showing roots. Teen Titans was very anime influenced, for example, but the influence has settled into the fine lines DC uses in their distinctive style.
Lmao true. Supes’ allies typically tend to be his best buddies, while Bats inevitably will push most of his allies away.
As anime watcher. This looks nothing like anime    OT: looks cute.
Gonna cry?
Yeah this is a bit weaker than their usual distinctive quality style
Spider-Man shouldn't have this kind of animation either.
I'm glad you were able to come to that conclusion after seeing only 15 seconds of different clips spliced together.
I’m with you.   Will probably skip.
Hollywood is obsessed with breaking down the idea of there being two distinct sexes.
No
This man is wearing a cape and tights, but trunks are where you draw the line?
Naw
I’m sorry the red undies upset you so.
Why?
It breaks up the halves of his body and adds more red visible from the front of his costume. I don't care that the part of his full body skintight onesie covering his asscheeks and dick is slightly looser and a different color than the rest.
Fuck you
Fuck you
Why?  I mean in live action sure the argument can be made that it’s silly, but this is a literal cartoon lol.  The trunks stay.
This.
This is literally a different style lol
They do change it up a lot. DCAMU, DCAU/Diniverse/Timmverse, Fleischer Studios, Hanna-Barbara, Modern Phil Bourassa, Tomorrowverse, & TTG all use different animation styles. Even Batman: Ninja & DC League of Super-Pets look different
I was thinking Totally Spies!
Nah.  It's like a slightly better version of Disney's Spider-Man (2017)'s artstyle.
I thought it was Boondocks for the first second
Relax
I think people are desperate to find any because the trans group have absorbed the majority of women who have more masculine qualities
JaneGirl
Metalhead.
Girls who have actual muscles who like sports or martial arts and think hot pink is trashy not classy.  I have an hourglass figure, DD’s, long chestnut hair and almond eyes, was the second tallest girl in my class (I’m 5’8” 1/2 inches and my favorite color was blue. big whoop) and I was a “tomboy.” Was more into books and being karate kid than fashion.  What bugs me about the portrayal of superhero women is they always pick these bird people who were probably the shortest kid in their class.   Though my favorite female action hero is Kat McNamara (aka Green Arrow) who didn’t let her skinny size stop her from being a badass! She’s also drop dead gorgeous because hey, surprise from feminists, just because you’re pretty doesn’t mean you’re dumb or weak. I also really like Katy Lotz (aka White Canary), who is such a champ. I doubt she’s that tall.
Aw 😔
He said Baddie lol
Furiously sending Rule 34 artist commissions request
There were like 20 movies with that style
As a non anime watcher it looks anime enough to look like 🗑️
gonna lose your virginity, ever?
Yup
So was I
Love me too
Trunks work even in live action
Not much of one though
No it's similar style to Harley quinn show
I'd say more Voltron Legendary Defender.
Even better. It has SHADING
Bud that wasn't even aggro in the slightest.
I'm just making an observation.
What
Well that escalated in a way I certainly didn't see coming
What do you call a non-binary person with no hair?
Are we the baddies?  Sounded like they meant badass tho
reddit moment
Anime has it's own distinctive style and this version of SM has none of that, just a typical western animation but so do you 😌
Yeesh dude. Move the goal posts more.
It literally looks nothing like Harley Quinn other than being Animated
Idk just a theory
Just a theory I have, no real energy behind it
Baldy
Non-hairy
Commander Rex
Lex Luthor
Egg
Grant Morrison
KitPerson
Nah, baddie generally means "attractive woman" in this context
This is a blatant imitation of anime style.
Generator Rex
Wat?!
Ahhh, ty my baddie
Might be too close to being uncanny valley with an actual mouth and teeth with the suit.
Not really Injustice did it, i didn't like how it looked
God no. With all the blue in the suit he'd look like the Original Sonic CGI from the movie.
brb, just going to photoshop Sonic the Hedgehog's uncanny valley CGI mouth and human teeth onto Blue Beetle.
This is how we got weird baby mouth superman.  No thanks.
His mouth does move. Idk if anyone else noticed?
I think it’s hard to do that kind of mask in live action. same goes for Batman Beyond.  What works in 2D doesn’t always translate well to real life.
Honestly it doesn't bother me that much if he don't have a mouth. Justice league action got me used to see him without a visible mouth
Why do you think they gave his Jaw moving when he talks in the movie? Because the mouth is creepy outside of cartoons, heck you can argue it’s just less creepy in a cartoon
I feel like things might start to get into the uncanny valley if they showed his mouth. He looked weird to me in Injustice because the area where his nose would be is just flat but he still has a mouth. Just anatomically looks wrong to me.
Might look kinda gross and make the suit more expensive and add more time with the makeup to slow production. The Kamen Rider/ Guyver vibe they are going for is fitting with a mask that just has eyes and the actor themselves provides emotion with the movement.
No it would look really weird live action I think
Honestly, I’m glad he doesn’t have it. The mouth always looked kinda creepy, and not in any conscious or fun way.
Just because it works with animation doesn’t mean it’ll work with live action
Not so much a mouth than providing the Scarab an actual personality rather than a generic sounding Siri 💀
Nah. I never like that weird look where the costume somehow forms around the lips. Unless it’s 2d animated like this, it just looks like a muppet mouth.
Na it would look really weird in live action
I would have loved to see an attempt, but it might be a rare case of something that only works on paper or in animation.
Not going to lie, The blue beetle mask would’ve looked pretty weird with a mouth in live action. That’s something that will only look cool in animation. It’s kind of similar to why Batman does not have his white lenses in his movies. They look cool in animation, but it would be incredibly hard to make it look convincing in live action.
No, it just wouldn't look good in live action
It would be cool but I fear that if they did give him a mouth than it would give uncanny valley feelings so I’m happy with how they handled it
Prolly too weird with cgi. Mouths are hard.
No, Injustice showed that it's not the best in a super realistic look.
I’m middle aged so Ted Kord is my Blue Beetle. Is Jaime popular with younger fans or is this just a push by corporate?  Edit: spelling
As someone only familiar with the character from one episode of Smallville, yes. The face design for the movie, in my opinion, is too reminiscent of Iron Man and a mouth where his lips visibly move would have lessened this similarities a bit.
No. It would’ve looked terrifying
Some things translated over to live action would look weird. I think this is a example
Nah not really, for practical reasons the VFX may be distracting and for thematic reasons it makes sense because Jaime is in control of the suit really and not having a mouth is a little nod to that
I think it would have looked crazy
hell no
No. It is very difficult to do, and looks so fake that it's comical and distracting.
We've seen versions, and they all look really bad.  It doesn't even look good in animation.
NO NO NO
No, it's really fucking weird
No, just like with Batman beyond, the mouth only looks good in comics and cartoons.  We’ve seen what a realistic mouth on a blue beetle looks like in injustice 2 and it’s wretched
Hell no
I don't think mouth would look good in live action it's ok for animation but live action I don't think so.
Or made it about the original Blue Beetle and not this corny version
Spider-Man doesn't have one, so, they would be messing up their Marvel copy and paste plan if they did that.
How exactly? Does the character work if he only has the top half of his face covered? Does he then black out the lower half?  Looks more like a fully enclosed helmet kinda dude, so any mouth is off the table if so.
Less budget obviously.
I think it looks good in a comic or animation but I don’t know how it would look in live action. I’m really glad they didn’t because it would’ve looked kinda unnatural. To me the suit makes more sense to not have a mouth because it’s supposed to be an armor so having a visible entry point is odd.
no, but if they give some kind of beetle tusk and mouth kinda want see it
Having the alien sound like cortana is the real problem.
I still hope they might in the movie. Maybe towards the end
Personally no, more often than not he looks weird with the mouth.
Nah injustice did that and it looked weird.
No, never liked it.
errr, same thing with normal human teeth Venom.
I believe in Blue Deadpool supremacy
No, I think the mouth works for maybe comics and animated, but for live action, it doesn't work.
Since it will be 100% CGI, you wouldn’t like it if they did
I don't know. It would have looked weird with the cgi. Remember? This has a TV budget
No, it never looks good.
Nope
Nah, now we can get the power rangers head bobs to indicate he is talking
Without mouth BB does look like Iron Man
I'm really not sure how it could be done in a way that wouldn't look really creepy and/or really fake. It's the same problem that a live-action *Batman Beyond* would face.
No
I'm not sure how well it would translate over to live-action.
Nah, the eyes alone are badass and he looks goofy with a mouth but no nose
nah it wouldn't translate
Not I
I watched this ep yesterday
I don't think it would look good in live action.
No - that would not translate to live action well at all
Nope
I love the way it looks in Young Justice, but I don’t think there’s a way to make it look good in Live Action.
Nah that only really works in 2d
No. But unlike Iron Man, you can see his jaw move when he talks in the trailer so that's good. I think blue armor over the jawline and chin help show the movement better than Deadpool's mask for example.
No
No, I guarantee it would’ve looked really weird. It barely worked in injustice and I don’t think it would’ve worked in live action.
No
Hell no . I always thought the mouth looked weird.
Would be a lot of CG
I hate the mouth lol always have 😂
No. It looks wrong. The scarab gives him essentially a suit of armor and it has it to wrap around his lips so people can see him talking?
I feel like the Batman Beyond suit would have the same problem of "how do you translate specifically the mouth to live action?"
are you serious? its live action that would look weird as hell
honestly the closed mask was a welcomed change for me. i like the mouth in comic frames but it always struck me as a bit uncanny in motion.
No. It would have been terrible because of the uncanny valley effect. To do it, either the mask would have then had to be completely cgi (expensive) or makeup/prosthetics (difficult, and also the actors may have an allergy, which is the reason beast boy isn’t green in titans)
I just wish they hadn’t used Reyes.  Such a throw away character.
No but I wish we got the AI voice from young Justice and the black beetle arc
Masks where the actor emote are always problems.  That is why we get the Iron Man internal cam and Spiderman ALWAYS takes his mask off.
No, never was a fan of the mouth on his costume.
Designers always have to walk a fine line when they’re adapting a costume from the comics to a live action movie screen. Almost always *some.* changes have to be made. There are some comic book costumes that would just look pretty damn ridiculous if they tried to translate it exactly how it looks on the page over to the screen.
Yeah I would’ve liked that
Yes. And everyone saying it would look "weird", or "uncanny" have completely missed the point of the character.   That being, the POINT. As it stands now, it's a lazy Iron Man ripoff
No
I wouldn’t be surprised if they made some kind of prototype but decided it looked to weird/uncanny.
No, i think the route they took was the best one
Na keep it like how it is in the trailer. Would look weird with a mouth in live action. I think it looks better & should stay without a mouth like how Spider-Man’s mask is.   I share the same opinion with Dr. Fate in Black Adam. Some ppl were asking for the eye slits which we got but I think in live action Nobu looks better without them.
I mean you only get 3 wishes from a Genie, this seems like a waste of one third of them!
No, makes the mask look odd, makes more sense for the mouth to be covered in a high tech suit
No
Not at all, I want very fond of how he looks in Young Justice or Injustice tbh
I’m fine without because it would definitely look weird but if you think about it the scarab makes the most sense for that comic book mouth effect on full masks. More than say, Batman Beyond for example.
at first i did but then i thought about how shitty it would probably look if they tried to do that and i changed my mind
Absolutely not, Blue Beetle always looks really weird when he's given a mouth like that, it disrupts his entire design and makes him uncomfortable to look at.
No
No. Looks already weird in animation and would look even worse in live action
The suit could just make one if he wanted, right? Like Cyborg at the end of Josstice League when he was changing his armor look?
Kinda tbh but I don’t mind it without the mouth
Honestly I really like having no mouth. It just feels right for alien tech designed for conquering. Just a hint inhuman, it's perfect.
Hell no.  Would've looked weird
There’s no way they didn’t thought of it. Would like to see if they attempted it and see what it would look like.
The way its shown I don't think they could make it look legit and also good as far as cgi mask vs his teeth/gums
No
Not worth the extra work. The suits mostly practical as is and it looks amazing.
After the Superman's wreck in Josstice League, WB/DC learned to never CGI'd a mouth on their characters.
No it would look weird
Woulda looked terrible
It kinda has a “mouth”. If you look closely, the jaw somewhat moves when speaking (in the trailer)
I think it doesn't suit in a 3D realistic environment. In cartoons/animations/drawings, the mouth is essentially just lines with no depth. In 3D space when you take into consideration the lips, the philtrum—especially without the nose, it would be very unappealing.   He'd have more uncanny vibes than heroic. Voldemort, Ebony Maw type beat.
It’d be kind of creepy.
For those who haven’t seen it, Blue Beetle has an amazing story arc in Young Justice Season 2.
No
No that’ll look weird
He already looks like guyver. The mouth piece in irl would be even more weird
I didn't want it. I think it would look weird. While it looks incredible in Young Justice, not all cartoon costumes translate perfectly over to Live Action (even though we would like them to).
I prefer no-mouth, at least outside of stylized 2D animation.  Same issue I have when they try to translate Batman Beyond into the comics: what looks perfectly fine in the flat-focused Bruce Timm style just looks really weird when fleshed out.   If Terry McGuinness ever gets a live action adaptation (fingers crossed), I hope his suit follows...suit.
No. I would love it if they had the mouth in the movie but then a character says it's creepy and doesn't make sense, so Jaime changes it. But it's definitely not necessary.
They could down the line as he and the suit become one. I think it looks okay though since we can see his jaw moving.
Uh no. I always disliked the mouth. Just makes no sense.
No, I'm good. Thanks
The suit is fine the way it is I like how it's more of an iron-man like helmet
Was hoping it would be like injustice 2
That’d look wierd
I do
Maybe Michael bay will direct the sequel
No. Not at all. Why would you?
Well a space fairing protection suit probably wouldn't have a mouth opening most of the time unless the situation called for it.
I say no because the mask doesn’t look to be skin tight and it probably wouldn’t look right. Whereas it’s easier to do in an animation. Like imagine how weird Spider-Man would look if he has a mouthpiece in his mask
At least they make his jaw move like a deadpool kinda mask, which is at least something
The human lips is about one of the hardest things to replicate in CG. No mouth works a lot better since you can avoid shit like Josstice League superman
I'm glad they didn't.
Naw, tbh i hate the mouth.
It’s like Batman and white eyes. Looks good animated but probably wouldn’t translate too well to live action
What is this from? I've never heard of him before, I don't read comics like that but I thought I saw alot of animated stuff
That would look super weird in live action, I don’t think they could pull that off in a way that would look really cool and not just weird as fuck. People would be comparing that to the original sonic before the redesigned it for the movie.
YES! thank the cthulhu somebody said it
I was more disappointed that he didn't have an accurate beetle cloaca.
HELL no. It was super creepy in Injustice
No, i don't like it in 3d, both in case of the game and live action.
No
Im glad they didn't honestly. Works in animation and comics but it would be really disturbing in live action
Yeah
they probably already tried it in the suit making process or even thought about it. But I believe they tried it in injustice. Only problem is that it looked weird.
Fuck no, no way that would ok absolutely dog shit. Leave that to the cartoons
It looks fine. I don't know why everyone keeps complaining.
Yes
Absolutely not
Yeah. I know it would look creepy but the mask looks off without a mouth.
Why? Even in the animated state it looks weird. Its like Hollywood has this issue of not being able to show facial expression as part of the performance.
I always thought the mouth looked weird
No. It would look terrible
People need to understand that because it looks good in animation it doesn't mean it translates well into live action. Imagine how a real mouth opening and closing over that suit would look like. Also I guess it'd much more work to the SFX department.
No
Nope
Absolutely not.
I'd rather have scarab's voice be... masculine.
I prefer the mouth for animated stuff but I just could not see it working in live action
A good example of this is the Arkham games take on the Beyond suit, it crossed into uncanny territory — any realistic version I've seen with the mouth teeters into repulsive hah
Yeah he’s in Injustice 2 with the full teeth and eyes getup, and his face definitely looks a little weird
I already find the roboty eyes a bit weird. They also didn't look aligned properly in the close up someone posted the other day.
Kind of looked like a ninja turtle
Thank you for your service
In the unlikely event that anyone is holding their breath waiting for this: I intended this as a joke but I did give it a quick go in Krita. I think it's going in the recycle bin.  Not only does it look cursed, as expected, it also looks like the worst kind of shitty clickbait YouTube thumbnail image.  It looks mean.   While I would love it if we could all come together and laugh *with* biblically accurate Blue Beetle, I didn't fancy adding to the negativity around this movie. So yeah, very dull but I'm bowing out of the 'adding teeth to Jaime Reyes' game. Don't let me deter anyone else from adding teeth to their favourite comic book heroes, though.
Bless you
meow?
Or Nightmare fuel cgi Sonic teeth.
I like it. The blue chin strap piece has a little bit of movement when he's talking
Yeah but then it would be accused of being a Venom ripoff
Younger fan here (33y/o, for reference, so not young, but younger, per se). Jaime (not Jamie) is pretty popular with us. I was introduced to the Blue Beetle mythos from his run and I love them all but Jaime is my personal fave. Super excited for the movie, and if you want to check out his story they republished a collected edition, I think it's called Blue Beetle: Jaime Reyes.  I originally started reading because he was a fun mix of Spider-Man and Iron Man, a little Venom thrown in there, too. Was super happy when his profile started to rise in Batman BatB, and with Young Justice I was ecstatic. This is literal icing on the cake here for me.
I feel fairly similar. I think a lot of people are gonna find that helmet very Iron Many.
Makes me wonder if they ever got to a live action Batman Beyond, could they figure it out by then
.... It's not a mask in the comics, it's his FACE.
Who said it had to be CG?
Probably why the Knight version tried something a bit different by having a translucent mouth covering, meaning you can see the mouth move but the skin still looked black.   Wasn't entirely successful but still a good idea to try and do it.
They don't need to be, they could be cameras that feed to an interior screen and offer a better field of view
the whole face looks wrong and weird. and the moving jawline makes it worse imo
It's the lips, you have to either give him weird humanoid Red Hood lips or make his face and lips the same color which gives the ninja turtle vibe  No mouth is the best answer, but it doesn't matter because the kids mask is going to come off 90% of the movie to be sure
I really want to see it 🤣.
Once again, bless you for your service 👍
Yeah sorta like Deadpool or Spider-Man
Yeah, but attributing a consciousness to a sentient object, isn't neccesarily an original idea coined by Venom to begin with.   So it shouldn't neccesarily be an issue whether people make such accusations or not, remaining faithful to the source material is what should be prioritized above all. Lol not coming at you btw, but simply a response to everyone who would share that concern
Ty, for the insight. I’m a firm believer every generation deserves their own stories so, if kids love Jaime I’m stoked he’s getting a movie.
A lot of that amounts to accommodations made because of animation. If Batman Beyond had no mouth in Terry’s Cowl, a lot of scenes with him talking would just be a static shot of the character and background not moving at all.
Hope not. Would look terrible with a visible mouth
I hope so!
Aye I think that was a good solution, though I think the Knight version was a little busy, the sleekness of the Beyond suit is the most appealing factor to me, it always looks odd to me when it's heavily faceted & on a bulkier body type — but here, I'm no character designer so fuck if I know, I'm sure the Rocksteady team were working like hell on it
I guess. If I remember right though, one eye was straight while the other was wandering inwards.
I actually appreciate how they show him with the mask on the whole trailer, after he gets the suit.
And to be fair, Jaime isn’t exactly new. Being introduced in 2006 makes him pretty old.   17 years is a long time in comics. He was introduced in Infinite Crisis to put it into perspective.   Just a bit longer than Damian Wayne has been a character.   The Sinestro Corp were also introduced in 2006.
Agreed it's kind of antithetical to the 'symbiote" style minimalist aesthetic of the TV show, but a decent take on a 'realistic' concept.
It depends on how long you've been reading comics and how old you are. Everything is relative including time. So yes, Jaime is a new character to me.   Source: I'm old enough to have bought comics off the newsstand and read the end of Claremont's X-Men run as it was coming out.
Oh man, hey, brother, I first got into comics reading the Claremont run in the 90s after my cousin, RIP, passed his stash to me. When I got back into them in the 2000s I dug into a lot of newer legacy characters at the time, but that X-Men run was legendary and I never forgot it
“This Ken can’t catch a break”
The fact that nobody is listed as one of the old-school full sized G.I. Joe’s is just a sin
The hierarchy of the Barbie universe is about to change
Ken-El
I heard this Ken was fired from Barbie because he was too enthusiastic
I can’t wait for the new Superman to come out and be a real Superman movie so we can stop obsessing over this one.
"Kal is a real pal"
The yassification of superman
He Ken't catch a break.
[Youre goddamn right](https://64.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzyyulzjly1qede6xo2_250.gif)
Yeah... we'll see.
Haaaaaa because Kent & can’t ahh 😆
Thomas probably didn't know about Bruce's phobia.
"Your parents' death was not your fault... it was your father's.  For taking a chirotophobic child to see a theatrical production of Peer Gynt."
I'm no doctor,  but wouldn't this be a logical way as a first step to helping cure the phobia as they are all humans dressed as Bats, then over time he'd become more used to them and can move up a step, I mean we do see him literally surrounded by bats later on
Should've taken him to see Mask of Zorro
“Bruce, don’t be afraid”
Have you ever heard of something called "Exposure therapy"?
Good Lord, some of you need to touch grass and get some sunlight.   Maybe skip some rocks in a creek or something.   Reddit is just miserable and full of very sensitive people.
Exposure therapy can work sometimes, he wasn’t wrong to try to desensitize him to it. He was wrong to have his family exit through some back ally.
They didn't know that was a thing back then.
It shows Bruce talking about his phobia with his father in flashbacks.  Edit: spelling
TIL. I had always assumed it was Die Fledermaus 😅 (I do not know anything about either production)
Also not a Doctor, but I think it would be much better to this in a space they could easily control like their own home.  Present him with one Bat-like figure, then scale up from there. That way he’s in a location he’s already familiar with, and the experiment can be quickly shut down if it becomes too much.
We learned about exposure therapy in class once and no. It has to be a controlled process in a controlled environment. Eventually maybe this could be a step but definitely not the first one and especially not if there was no conversation beforehand where Bruce is allowed to make the choice to confront his fear. Simply exposing someone with a phobia to the things they’re scared of could be very damaging and counterintuitive. It’s imperative that the therapy is conducted like any other therapy in a safe environment with a professional guiding you through and helping you process your emotions. Obv not an expert tho
imagine if youre allergic to peanut and your first step in desensitization is me feeding you a spoon of peanut butter, the crunchy kind  Edit:omg the spellcheck
*No, not like that!!*
>Reddit is just miserable and full of very sensitive people.  Is this post meant to be ironic?
Damn, guess I need to give Batman Begins a re-watch. *sighs sarcastically*
>(I do not know anything about either production)  Neither do I, it turns out. Pure guesswork on my part - I've also seen other plays suggested.
The best part of that production is when the hero jumps on the table, and with the costumed villain clearly defeated, yells "Die, Fledermaus," before stabbing him and saving rhe day!
I assumed it was a parody of Cats.
All thomas wayne missed was your suggestion. Then later, he only missed a body.
I am a doctor…. of life and alientology (university of phoenix ftw let’s go penguins) and I can say that it was probably too much too fast.
Definitely worth it.  IMO
Google says Opera Mefistofele apparently.
So, by your own take, you mean just take the normal Elseworlds logo… and barely change anything?
How long till we get Snyder’s JL movies in AI haha. I love the narration thanks for sharing
Hätte, hätte, Fahrradkette 😉
Good point. Feels like the only way right now that we’ll get more Snyderverse.  You’re welcome! It made me very happy so thought I’d share. 😄
Last year they actually announced plans to do a sequel. But recent reports say those plans might not follow through.
If it’s not blonde, British and swearing like a dirty sodding bastard, it’s not Constantine.
Nah.  I don’t mind if they actually end up making his sequel after all (seems to be dead again), but he should not be the DCU Constantine.
I love Keanu, but I think it’s time for a new actor to take up the mantle… and for him to have a British accent like the character
Love the idea. I’ve heard that they canceled it. I heard they were going to make it after all. I just don’t know what to think anymore.   I really hope they make a sequel
It won't come, Keanu is too expensive. There will be a new constantine in the dcu with a fresh unknown actor. Maybe a cameo in swamp thing and then a series or so.
James Gunn might scrap the movie
No
No, make it an Elseworlds and let them be free on what they want to do.
Would Keanu ever go blond? Nope.  I liked the original but it wasn't what I think about when I hear Hellblazer. Dcu needs a Matt Ryan of their own.
It should be an Elseworlds
Unless it's actually John Constantine, nah. Keanu's a super nice guy but monotone actor
Let’s definitely not
We need someone who can play more of the con artist fast and loose type of character. Someone who likes to chain smoke and swear like it his only vocabulary.
Why not? I dgaf since the reset.
I think its confirmed he's a multiverse variant of Constantine. [Even the comics referenced this](https://mlpnk72yciwc.i.optimole.com/cqhiHLc.IIZS~2ef73/w:600/h:676/q:75/https://bleedingcool.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/image-17-1-e1572466050767.jpg)
And let him have his cigarettes ffs.
Why not
Because
Uhm… he’s in the trailer. 🤷‍♂️
Bro he’s literally in the trailer
Is Morbius in the Flash or something?  Why is Jared Leto here?
DC wanted to surprise you, but you spoiled yourself!
This completely flew over peoples heads 😂
This is obviously a jokr
So, you didn't watch the trailer, did you?
Congratulations on coming out of your coma
You serious Clark?
Because it is morbin time.
He's been talking about it in interviews for months.
A much better question is why didn't you know when everyone else did?
I’m actually starting to hate DC fans now🤣
The Flash vs Morbius.   Ezra Miller vs Jared Leto for who can be the most disliked by the public.
Because it’s Morbin time
He’s the joker
Add Jonathan Majors as Kang.
Shoot I'd even take a Batman done by him. He's always been a better/cooler version of what goofy ass Burton tries to be, to me.
He was going to make Justice League dark, but WB happened.
Get ready to have your mind blown:   [Guillermo Del Toro actually WAS working on Swamp Thing](https://www.flickeringmyth.com/2022/01/guillermo-del-toro-teases-his-plans-for-abandoned-justice-league-dark-movie/)...in his *JUSTICE LEAGUE DARK* project.
Isn't James Mangold already doing Swamp Thing?
That would be my pick.   Swamp Thing as a Gothic romance in the way Del Toro usually does would be outstanding.
1. Guillermo del Toro  2. Alex Garland  3. David Bruckner  This would be my main three for a Swamp Thing film, but I have trust James Mangold will do a fine job
Would be great but that movie wouldn’t come out for years.
Oh wow what a very original idea of you. I bet you spent all night coming up with that one
I would LOVE this. Wasn't he attached to JL dark like a million years ago. Or am I misrembering
He's always loved these characters and also was in process of doing the JLD film, not to mention that his "The Shape of Water" movie is definitely inspired by Swamp Thing stories.
Scheduling might be an issue in getting him to direct, sadly: he's preparing to shoot a new Frankenstein film later this year and is also working on another stop-motion film.   That said, he should at least be a consultant/executive producer for it (maybe other horror-themed DC projects).
I swear he was working on something to do with swamp thing at one point
Swamp Thing starring Doug Jones.
I’d rather see him do an Etrigan film… but i wouldnt be mad if he took on Swampy as well
I love his work but isn’t going to be a horror film? I would prefer James Wan
>Hear me out, what if. . . .  What If... is a Marvel show.  Stop trying to copy Marvel and try celebrateing the IP's DC has instead of carbon copying the stuff Marvel and Feige does (***Stares directly at Snyder while saying that.***)
You're only about the billionth person on here to make this suggestion. Not exactly a hot or original take.
Genius
He was supposed to [direct](https://www.flickeringmyth.com/2022/01/guillermo-del-toro-teases-his-plans-for-abandoned-justice-league-dark-movie/) a Justice League Dark film with Ron Perlman as Swamp Thing and Colin Farrell as Constantine but it all fell through
I would prefer Guillermo del Toro but James Mangold is one of the best options too! Let's see what will happen!  Also an Etrigan the Demon movie by Guillermo would be so cool!
I'm here for it!
James Mangold is already confirmed to do Swamp Thing, but I still hope we get to see GDT’s vision brought to screen one day
I mean, yeah. I’ll have to get over disappointment at whoever they pick who isn’t Del Toro, he’s just the perfect choice.
To be honest Guillermo Del Toro can do anything and it would be hype.
Would be awesome! But I think James Mangold called dibs already.
I’ve been advocating for Del toro, directed swamp thing ever since The Shape of Water.
Revive his JLD film you cowards.
if WB wont let him make it, he could always make his own Swamp creature-horror-romance film, in the same vein as Shape of Water.  Hell, he could then work on building his own superhero team of misfits and creatures.
I’d like anything done by De Toro honestly. Whatever it is I bet it’s gonna be dope. I’d like to see his take on almost anything
also the hobbit… it still stings
Finished the script. Told Studio he was ready to make it. They told him to stick it on the proverbial shelf until they were ready. He left and made Shape of Water.
There’s been no official confirmation yet, but he implied he wants it.
So copy the shape of Water but put a DC hero into it.  Hard Pass.  Stupid bullshit ideas his is how we got the Snyderverse. DC went "Lets get a director to re-do a recent hit of theirs as a DC movie." and they hired Snyder to reshoot Watchmen as the Justice League.  How about we shoot DC movies based off the actual characters lore and stories in the DC universe and not try and force a non DC idea into a DC movie.
Doubt Alex Garland would do it but that would be an insane movie
Underrated?
He has done brillant films ( for example pans labyrinth), but he has done medicore films (crimson peak)  too. I don't know if I want him to direct. Think he is a bit overrated.
I want him to do a Ghostbusters movie too. Hellboy II could've been easily reworked into a Ghostbusters 3. It even seemed to use part of the underground Scotland fairies plot from an abandoned Ghostbusters 2 script.
DC has their what if in the form of elseworlds.As a matter of fact DC has already released three animated elsworld movies.
Damn, I'd love to see Ron Perlman as Swampy...even at his ripe age of 72
I’m still mad about that. Del Toro doing Constantine, one of my favorite characters ever, was too good to be true. Literally.
I think about that once a month at least and cry inside  Did you know he was supposed to make a In The Mountains of Madness by Lovecraft? Had a script and everything. But I guess he might get to do a stop motion version for Netflix which is pretty sick. I wanted a live action version though. The monsters would look so sick.
Trades confirmed it
Have you ever read Swamp Thing?   Probably not if you think this is out of step with Alan Moore’s Saga, you know, the quintessential work on Swamp Thing that has defined the character for about 39 years.   The love story between Swamp Thing and Abby Arcane is the stories spine.   Before saying shit like that, try to know what you’re talking about.   This is a story built for Del Toro not only because of the romantic monster elements, but also the really inventive horror that can be mined from Moore’s run.
He’s said that Alan Moore’s work is an influence for his  films, and specifically named his [Swamp Thing run as a loose inspiration for some scenes in Annihilation.](https://youtu.be/2Gxz-pA3Eo4)   And (just skimming through some articles here) he’s shown interest in doing a Swamp Thing project in the past, but also has said more recently that he wouldn’t out respect of Alan Moore who famously dislike adaptations his work.
ppl really don’t know what this word means
I’ve been wanting him to direct Lovecraftian horror for years. He’s been trying to make At the Mountains of Madness.
A ghost busters movie with him would be a good twist and use of his horror skills. I want him to do At the Mountains of Madness.
It would have been great. It’s too bad Prometheus killed his movie.
All I can find are articles saying he’s in talks to do it, not that he’s actually set to do it  All I know is that Mangold posted a picture on his Twitter and expressed interest in the project.
Alex Garland would be dope :)
“Not rated or valued highly enough.” Go be an ass somewhere else.
Prometheus killed it?? How???
you called one of the most prolific Mexican directors (of all time probably) underrated.   looks like you’re in top billing for the role of “Ass”
I was looking forward to seeing Clark slide the dude across the diner counter and into a pinball machine.
TIL that Tyler Hoechlin not only looks the part , but he really talks the talk, and walks the walk as Superman.   Adding this  now to the list of shows i didn't know i wanted to watch.
"Damn Kent!"   Even as Clark Kent, he gets and deserves the respect on his name., with scenes like these.
Doom Patrol and Superman and Lois have such lovely looking cinematography honestly.
Some people will complain that Superman can't be like this. 🤣  A man's family has been threatened and his son has been hurt. What do you expect him to do? Superman is Superman but Clarke is a father and husband.
When you threaten a man's family, he'll go zero to watch your back real quick
This scene was so good I love this show so much I hope it gets renewed
Also a little homage to MoS to when Ludlow tries to push Clark and he doesn’t budge.
You could see Superman hanging back with his powers when he slams the guy on the table.  Just to keep him human, it was such a good scene
Woooooow. This is the very first clip I’ve ever watched of this show, and I gotta say, I’m gonna give this one a shot now
A little bit of MoS thrown in there too.   I love the little homages this show does every now and then. Always fun to see a callback or two to past franchises.
After George Newbern, Tyler Hoechlin is the best Superman imo, definitely the best live action Superman.
This was satisfying. Also funny that Kyle tried to intervene but Lana stopped him. She's like "Nah, Clark really got this. Trust me on this" LOL
You can see him slip a bit and get the superman crossed arms stance. Then immediately drops them and gets a more Clark style pose when he remembers that people are around.   Good shit.
wait holup is the superman stuff from CW actually good? Cause this looked kinda good
I’ve seen this on Tiktok, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook and now Reddit and I’ve watched it everytime. Hoechlin is so good at being Clark and Superman, this part is so great.   I love how Lana’s husband stands up and she puts his hand on him like “nah let him go. He’s alright”
That messed up that they just left that other waitress there to take care of everybody by herself
lol Lana holding back Kyle like “oh honey please I know what’s about to happen”
The most Superman things he does in this scene are:   1) not actually hurt the guy   and   2) being kind to the guy's daughter, who's blameless
Well now I feel like I have to watch this show. That was great
This is what I have wanted from a Superman project. When I watched this episode, I was so happy. Just Supes putting a bully in their place. Delightful to see, and it wasn't overdone
Kyle who’s character I hated at first is slowly becoming one of my favorites lol he’s hilarious in this scene from the way he’s almost smirking at first to trying to get involved to saying “damnnn Kent”
This show is above and beyond my favorite Superman.
Is this show any good?
I haven’t given this show a try but, after watching this clip, am definitely going to watch it. This Superman with a 5 o’clock shadow and a walk down attitude is pretty intriguing.
Just another example of why the real hero’s of not just this show but the entire DCEU are Ma and Pa Kent. He could’ve ended that entire block of the city just to get to that guy.
She just left her job? Lol. Her tables are like yo wtf I need a refill
This show is so underrated
I should really give this show a try. The Flash and Supergirl kind of burnt me out of CW shows.
Thought that was Gary Oldman
How is this show? Is it worth binge watching?
I thought the dad was John McCauley for a second
You mean man of steel
What episode is this? I don’t remember this scene but I want to go back and rewatch it now!
I've been putting off this show.... *sigh* I guess it's time
 Very underrated actor.👍🏽
Is the whole series this cool. That was pretty awesome.
There's this great moment here, too, at the end where he does a slight version of the Christopher Reeve transition. He's standing completely stoic and tall with his arms crossed as the guy leaves until Kyle says, "Damn Kent," and the name brings him back. Instantly his hands drop, he's fidgeting, his shoulders slouch, and his voice gets some of the Kent awkwardness back. Great scene. Great show.
Oh yeah. That’s a comic accurate Clark Kent.
Such a great show!
I wish he said "Gee, that's funny.  I've never seen garbage eat garbage before."
But Superman's not supposed to be mean, beat people up, threaten them, or seek revenge, and he's supposed to smile all the time. /s
This show is reaching new heights of perfection in every week
I might have to give this show a watch.
The question remains for debate. Is Superman also a Superdad?
Great part to a so far great season. I am sick of the supervillain of the week for over 23years. Human villains are more relatable.
Clark holding eye contact with the dude as he hits him and bounces off, must’ve been especially spooky to try pushing a brick wall that stares at you.
Clark said it in last season that he has to control EVERY action he takes. To just slam a guy into a bar without obliterating him, the bar, the restaurant, a 100ft into the ground...takes control.   Ya'll forget what power Superman has, in a shitty society like today.
Should have said I’ll send Batman after you. Lol
Which episode is this?
Bro this needs to be in r/unexpected Jesus  “Yeah, it's alright you can see him” ***2 seconds later*** “**IVE LOCATED THE EXPLOSIVE**”
Really good show
This scene started a fight on Twitter cuz someone assumed it was a homage to MoS, and tried to call out people who didn't like the scene where Clark destroys the truck, ,
What is the name of this show?
This and Stargirl are their best show
Damn I’ve never given this show a shot. Might have to give it a watch!
So, uh, why didn't he just report this guy to the cops? Seems like jail is a better punishment than a stern warning.
which episode is this?
What show is this?
Is this a show ? Probably a dumb question. If so what’s the name ?
Holy shit. I think I should watch this show.
ya'll are busters
Wish they would get the hell away from this Zack Snyder dark filter...can't make out shit from here...like put some colorful filter on this or something bruh, keep the story and all but I can't see shit lol
The lighting and color is so dark it's an homage to The Batman.
I watched the first season and really liked Clark and Lois, but I could not stand the whiny ass kids.
But why doesn’t he just snap his neck instead?
Snyder's Superman would have destroyed his house.
This show is so fake. The moment the girl left with Clark, the manager should have asked where she was going. Being unsatisfied with the answer, manager tells her is she leaves, she's fired. C'mon writers, add some realism.
That is one of the worst dialogs I have ever heard
He’s been working out.
Then he pulls out a stack of cash to pay for everything acting like he’s Batman or something. smh.
My favorite live action portrayal of the character to be honest.  And I say that as someone who’s still pissed they couldn’t get something else worked out with Cavill.
I’ve rewatched the first 10 minutes or so of the first episode like 7-8 times. Excellent introduction to this version of Superman.
Something about still photos of him always seem kinda off, or ‘low budget Superman’ to me for some reason (eg, he seems like the kind of guy who always has perma-stubble, and I’m not a fan of that look for Superman), but I think Tyler Hoechlin’s take on the character is fantastic. IMO he manages to embody a lot of the same kind of character traits that Christopher Reeve’s Clark did, in a way that fits into the modern era without trying to do a straight up impression of Reeve. There’s a line in All-Star Superman (top-tier comic, for anyone unfamiliar) where, during the funeral for Pa Kent, Clark says “he taught me that the strong have to stand up for the weak, and that bullies don’t like being bullied back. Those are lessons I’ll never forget. Thanks, Pa.” Personally, if I can’t picture a particular version of Superman saying that, I think those creators have missed a big important piece of the character. Tyler and the writers of this show have definitely got the goods on that front IMO.
What is it?
Everyone thinks of him as a soft clumsy nerd, so to see him stand up to a douche would be pretty shocking to anyone.
What I love about Superman and Lois is how much on location shooting gets done and the variety of places we have on show. Kent farm and Smallville feel like real places.  I'm glad they made the show its own continuity without the Arrowverse baggage. S2 was a bit of a misstep with some great ideas so hopefully it can recover and get a solid run.
Where can I watch this Superman show?
It was the first thing I noticed when I watched the first episode. I swore there was no way they'd maintain that level of quality, and I'm so glad I was wrong. It's just such a well shot show.
Funny thing is, Superman/Clark does shit like that often.
Superman is a boy scout. Nowhere in the handbook does it say it's okay to let bullies get away
This clip actually interested me in watching the show.
I don’t understand who would be mad at this scene, it’s not like he destroyed the guys truck afterwards like in MoS lol. For all the shit that loser did, Clark handled it in the most Superman way possible, a lot kinder than most people
You mean the people who don’t know jack shit about Superman?
No one would complain.
The scene before this was great too.  “This isn’t a job for Superman.”  “He’s not going.”
What show is this?
I assume this is the last since Gunn wants the same representation of a character everywhere
Really great.   When Clark held that guy down on the back, his arm shouldn't budge too to show how much strength he has.
Only issue is in this scene it looks CGI'd but in MoS I think it was just great acting on the stunt guys part that he made it *look* like he pushed really hard and staggered back
The first episode of season 1 does a really good job of selling you on the series, if you ask me.
Season 1 is peak, it’s my favorite Superman movie/show next to the original 1978 movie.
One of the scene I remember best from MoS is the dude just bouncing off Clark at the bar lmao
I love that like George, Tyler also got to go from Superman to Sephiroth. Just a fun coincidence that two great Superman actors went on to play someone so entirely opposite.
Yeah its really good. Season 2 has a few rough parts but still overall good. Season 3 is starting off really well so far.
Yeah, it takes place in a separate version of the CW show universe, where Superman is the only known superhero.  There's a John Diggle, but none of the other CW characters exist.   It also has higher production values than the other CW shows, it looks less "made for TV" and the effects sequences are really good.  I was very impressed with it right from the jump.   My favorite thing might be how the majority of the Superman action is him saving people from disasters.
Yes
It's pretty good. I like how they Portray Superman.
Lol!   Waitress:c"Can I see him?"  Clark: "Sure." (Opens the door)  Waitress: (Picks up handbag and follow Clark)  Clark: Now? Now, now?
And they stiffed them for the guy's bill!
...kinda like Cavill does in MoS...except Cavill doesn't actually touch him.
It has enough great moments that make the less than great worth sitting through. You get your typical CW cheesy drama, but it never gets Flash or Arrow bad.   Tyler is one of the best to ever play Clark, and same goes for Bitsie as Lois. The action scenes and cinematography are always great and some of the best I’ve seen in a superhero tv show.  I definitely recommend checking it out if you’re a Superman fan.
Season 1 was pretty good and manages to give each character a good arc. Some characters like Kyle really caught me off-guard with how good their arcs were.  Season 2 was a step down because the writers didn’t know what to do with some characters and the pacing with off due to all of the breaks (won’t be a problem tho if you’re binging).  Season 3 definitely takes a huge gamble with Lois’ storyline but it seems to be paying off so far with what seems to be the show’s strongest season yet.  Overall, the show is a pretty fun show for any Superman fan. It’s a fresh take on the character since it doesn’t start at the beginning of Superman’s career but respects past franchises with fun little Easter eggs and homages scattered throughout the show.
I really can’t remember much of season 1. Season 2 isn’t good in my opinion. But this season is pretty damn good so far.
I binged the whole thing over the weekend and this is my take: the drama is pretty poorly written. Everyone has a super short fuse and no one has any conflict resolution skills whatsoever. Saying the wrong thing in response to the wrong point seems to be an olympic discipline in Smallville.  The Superman stuff is better but kryptonite is a giant crutch. Arguably it has always been when it comes to Superman but in this show he's basically Super only when dealing with throwaway bad guys and mooks, and at the mercy of main story characters every occasion otherwise.  That said its still entertaining since I wouldn't be on season 3 if it wasn't. Things can be mediocre or just alright and still be pretty fun.
Yup
I'm so glad my brother told me about it. It's so good.
arrow's better than both flash and supergril tbh, even the final season of arrow is better than what we got for the final season of both supergirl and flash atm. trust me, try arrow
This show doesn’t have the same feel of the rest of the CW shows.  It’s backed by HBO, so there’s some extra funding behind it.
CW Flash doesnt have a child groomer as its lead.  CW Flash wins by default.
yes, s3 is the best i think so far, but doom patrol is incredible
Its the latest episode from Tuesday. 3x04 I think
This week’s episode, 3x4
Yes it is.
Or update the “I’ve been working out” line with “Mixed Martial Arts works, I guess” since Reeve’s Clark saying that was a great coda to the original scene.
When you threaten a man's kid and wife, all bets are off
He had no choice but to teach this guy a lesson. Remember the guy literally threatened Lois with a gun and beat the shit out of Jonathan. I think he wants to make sure that no one will ever threaten his family ever again or he'll come for them.
Much like Pa Kent in *MoS*, he's a father looking out for his family.
All of that happens in the comics.
Sorry that logic on applies to Snyder.
Do you see the super suit
3x4 from this past Tuesday
*Superman & Lois*.
The latest one. 3x04.
*Superman & Lois*.
Yes, it’s called *Superman & Lois*.  Season 3 is airing right now.
Hate to say this, I don't think it's anything to do with the show.
Is he stupid?
Some people really can't be pleased can they
We get it, everything's horrible and no one should enjoy anything. Same old song and dance.
I love the little bar lift he does too, it’s too funny.
> My favorite live action portrayal of the character to be honest.  Agreed 100%
So many people that sound well versed and true fans of the comics and movies are saying this, so i can't believe i never gave this a try?!   But to my defense i got hit hard with Live Action SuperHero fatigue syndrome early on and i still had it to even bother for Ant Man Part Deux- - Electric Boogaloo.  But apparently I'm much better now because this whole thread is making me really excited to watch this show now!
same here
Thanks for that tip. now I'm  truly excited to watch this , NGL!  Lol
I'm with you 100%!  It's so funny you mention his 5 O'Clock shadow, because that made me also not want to give the show a try when it first came out, i couldn't see him as Kal-El,  always saw him as Derek from Teen Wolf, and i gotta say that as off the rails as that show got, i always enjoyed the hell out him and Stiles, i was sure they were going to give them a spin off ,a la Supernatural, but that also was the problem, it would have been a pretty similar dynamic. Still what a missed chance with those 2, they played so well off each other  Adding to this , to me, TV Superman was Tom Welling, even tho Smallville ended so long ago.  Now those clouds are gone and i can see  him clearly as Kal-El/ Clark/ Superman actually.   I always thought Brandon Routh was the only good part of Superman Returns, everything else about that movie i hated , down to the suit.. But he did  a great job , his energy was total Kal -El but because i only saw Tom as Clark , that made me disconnect him from that side.  And as much as i liked Cavill as Superman, i was kinda let down by that Snyder -Whedon debacle and  how that whole deal came about. Plus also  how that was written and directed,  it was hard for me  to see him as Kal-El and Clark, but  of course he was the embodiment of Superman , if that makes any sense!   Tyler, i can really see as all 3 ,no problem!
he just has a weird jawline that gets distorted by still photos, you'll never notice when he's moving on screen
CW's Superman & Lois
It's its own continuity? I stopped watching because I got burnt out trying to keep up with *every* arrowverse show but if it's just Superman & Lois I may have to try it again.
Wait, I thought this was the same universe as the Supergirl show?
Hbo max
I think that's one of Clark's defining qualities. You can insult him and he'll simply take the brunt but the moment you hurt his family or his friends, the gloves are off.
Especially when the bully is a drug dealer and car thief who assaulted a teenager and then flashed a gun at said teenager's mother when confronted about it.   I'm sure the Scout handbook would probably say, "call the authorities," but given that everyone knows this guy and what he's about and the sheriff hasn't done anything yet, that might not get you very far.
Same
I am right there with you!  Like all of a sudden, I'm in!
Its actually a pretty good depiction of Superman.
I'm certainly interested now after seeing it.
I really love it, the show has its "CW" moments, but they really nail Clark's character. There's a scene in the first episode where Clark stops this car from falling on a kid and the kid goes " I like your costume" Clark stops for a second, smiles, and says back "Thanks, my Mom made it for me." That's when I knew they got it.
Or like in Superman II when Clark just puts the guy through a centrifuge and tosses him across the bar with a broken hand, AND it was straight up revenge. Lol Some didn’t like that, I thought it was fine.
No one is mad about this scene. They're just making shit up to be upset over.
No one would hes getting fake angry.
Superman and lois
Shit I wasn’t even thinking about that. I really hope he doesn’t kill of S&L just for continuity across all forms of media. I don’t need that much continuity
Not to mention that the CW has been “ending” and axing its scripted shows left and right after they got sold to Nexstar, so that they can put on cheaper unscripted shows in the future.
Gunn watched enough to say he was cool with continuing and that ‘many people like it.’
That and the ratings aren't very good considering how much they are likely spending on the production of this show.
Yeah the push on S&L looks kinda bad, but it’s a CW show so I can’t complain too much. In MoS it looks perfect
And then Mr. Kent jr destroyed the man's truck. Such a superman thing to do
i did not know that! Haha, what a contrast!
Pretty sure they do less episodes per season as well. I wonder if they're budgeted like the 13-26 episode shows but only put out 10
He's also getting her away from her dad.
The waitress behind the counter is like "Wait, what?  We have customers..."
Wait who?
That's literally the plot of Injustice. Superman is still a regular guy, and everyone has their breaking point
But when another director do it without beating the man and instead destroy the truck instead all hell break loose.
Huh, even in comics Superman doesn't smile all the time, why bring Snyder into this.
Everywhere I go, I see r/batmanarkham
Do you agree with Superman’s “yes killing” rule?
There’s one episode where he’s dealing with the whole “I’m constantly holding back” aspect of Superman that’s great.
Yeah, as far as Henry Cavill is concerned, I *can see *him rocking that quote from All Star Superman, but I *cannot see Snyder’s Superman saying that. Nor can I see Snyder’s Pa Kent as a character that would teach those lessons to a young Clark.
Yeah they confirmed it was an Earth where there is no other known "Super" humans. So no Supergirl, Flash etc.  A version of the Green Arrow existed and had a John Diggle who knows Superman but that's the only similarity.
It's kinda odd.. They started it out as being on Earth Prime but later backtracked which resulted in the two Diggle cameos and a reference to Oliver being weird. Easy enough to ignore though.  And it's still kinda in the shared multiverse because one of the characters backstory involved the Crisis crossover where the old multiverse was destroyed.
Thanks!!
If you're in the US, the current season isn't on HBOMax, but seasons 1 and 2 are.    The current season in the US can only be streamed on the CW's terrible streaming app, unless you have YouTubeTV or something similar that streams current broadcasts.
What’s this show called?
The “you think you can threaten my mother” scene from man of steel shows this and I love it.
I would argue that "call the authorities" isn't in contrast to what Clark did here. He didn't hurt the guy, didn't even cause much of a scene, just made sure he was aware of someone knowing the truth about his crimes  Superman kind of did the best option imo
As long a you go into it without Cavill expectations you'll probably enjoy it
That is perfect.  Fuck, do I really have to watch this show now?
There is hope if they go the whole “elseworlds” tag they plan to use.   And since this iteration of Superman has two sons not really based on comics it kinda fits the tag.
The iconic action comic cover with superman and the car is actually superman destroying the car not saving the car. Just saying
It is very much a Superman thing to do, can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or not but I’m leaning that way.
Superman has gotten this kind of payback on people that treat him like shit  for decades you think it is such a rare trope that most of these comments are about other examples?
15 actually, but your point stands
Fair enough.
"Totally gonna tell Bob the manager on her."
The child grooming abusive pedo that DCEU has as the Flash.
Cool fact though, Kingdom Come Superman has his whole office killed Lois included by the Joker but he still didnt want to kill the guy. So his breaking point is somewhere around "tricking me to kill my wife and my unborn child, and killing all of Metropolis after."
You don't get it. These are different situations.   The point of Clark not unloading on that guy in mos was that he has to be the bigger person. At least that's what the movie made it seem.  Destroying that guy's truck undermines the shit out of that. That was a situation where it was beneficial for him to walk away.  In this situation, walking away puta his loved ones at risk. being the bigger person means stepping in and making sure his family remains safe.  Superman is allowed to be angry and have his patience tested. That happens all the time. That's not the issue with mos. The issue with mos is that it's poorly written.
That scene and this one are entirety different circumstances. The guy in this scene assaulted Clark's son and pulled a gun on his wife. Clark had to let this dude know that shit like that wasn't going to fly for the safety of his family.   Plus he was rightfully upset. And despite being upset, Clark was trying to talk to him outside because he didn't want to cause a scene in front of the guy's daughter who was watching. Clark didn't get physical until the guy took it there and immediately deescalated the situation.
I wonder who else get slammed for doing the same shit comics and animation did besides him. So yeahh, i wonder why i brought him up. Hmm?
Completely forgot about that cameo. That was the time Diggle was crossing over into all the shows and directing an episode for each. But then its weird that theres "no other superheroes" in that universe.
Past seasons are on HBO Max; current season is on The CW and will probably move over once the season ends.
You can also watch it live on Tuesdays 8pm est on your local CW channel.
Superman & Lois
Probably being sarcastic. A lot of people try to tear that scene down in defense of a trucker who was trying to sexually assault a waitress. Felt very superman to me IMO.
Oh your talking about that guy
It looks like *you* don't get it. Destroying the truck in MoS didn't undermine anything, it just showed that even though he held himself back, he was still just a man with very human emotions. His hero's journey hadn't yet taken him to a place where he's Superman; he's just a guy with incredible powers he doesn't fully grasp and a lot of questions without answers. It showed that even though Clark was trying to be a positive force wherever he went on his lonely journey to find answers, he still hadn't reached an understanding of who he truly was and what he could do for the world, perhaps even what he *had* to do, what he was *meant* to do-- and the responsibilities that would come with that. The scene gives Clark as a character far greater depth than the generic "lawful good" 2D-cutout some people seem to think he should be in every phase of his life, and gives room for the character to grow over the span of the movie (or franchise).
I like the scene where Clark found out what happened and immediately heads for the front door.    Lois: "This isn't a job for Superman!"  Clark: "He's not going."
Thank you!
Yeah I’ve seriously never understood the hatred for that scene. I’m not trying to say every detractor of Man of Steel is a Zack Snyder hater, but it kinda feels like if anyone else had directed that movie there wouldn’t have been a peep about that scene
One is nuanced and one isn’t
 But he didn't hold himself back lmao  That was supposed to be the point of the scene. I understand what they were going for, the movies in that franchise aren't exactly subtle. It just doesn't work.  It actually would've been better for him to wreck that guy and have a scene of him regretting it. Not "superman is the responsible one here lol just kidding". Not to mention that there were already scenes of him dealing with bullies that came well before this one.
No problem.
Yeah, that's kinda the feeling I get too.
Only small thing I'd complain about the scene is that it would make it obvious that a superpowered.being had been there, which is hard to justify anything else seeing that the truck was impaled by logs which would never happen naturally. If Clark was hiding his powers it was definitely a misstep, probably would've been better to throw boulders over the truck to fake a landslide or something.   This is only a minor nitpick though and by all means the trucker definitely deserved it.
Not understanding the nuance doesn't mean it isn't there.
But he *did* hold himself back. He didn't beat the guy up, or, say, slide him across the bar into a pinball machine. He just quietly walked out. Again, he's not Superman yet, so him venting his frustration on the guy's truck instead of the guy himself is completely acceptable. It's a far better way of teaching the bully a lesson than "wrecking" the guy, which would be totally out of character for Clark, and would suggest he's inclined towards violence when we know he's not.
What's the show about?
I can understand the nitpick, but I don’t think superhuman beings are really known of in universe at this point so in my mind that’s probably not gonna even be in the first 50 explanations Ludlow can think of to explain it
>nuanced  There isn't any. The core problem of early DCEU movies were , movie didn't spend any time to show core characteristic of any hero but except audience should know already. look at clark Kent in Man of steel he doesn't have good relationship with any of the humans other than his parents but he portrayed as a messiah. Why would anyone consider him to be a messiah when he have to think twice to help some body in public space?.  When comes to BVS, movie expect audience how death of bruce's parents formed batman persona and his core values without diving into it. also movie expect us to feel sympathy for the death of robin. Batman fans who are updated with all major DC media would understand these.
So is he supposed to be acting like superman at this point or not? Again, him showing anger isn't the issue I have here    Of course him hurting the guy would've been bad; WRECKING  HIS TRUCK WAS ALSO BAD.  if he was going to destroy the man's means of making a living and property, yes, I would've rather he tossed the guy out on his ass. You seem to think what he did was somehow better when it most certainly is not. It undermines the point. If he was going to spare the guy THEN SPARE HIM.   if you're going to have him act on impulse out of anger, do it in a way that better communicates with the viewer. Out of character? Well since he's "not superman" yet you could have everyone in the diner praise him for folding the guy and have him react with regret.
Superman, Lois Lane and their two sons.
Yeah and he skips town right after that. Not like the first thing that comes to his mind is " that dork from the bar did this!"
There's a big difference between a messiah allegory being made to the audience and the character being portrayed as a messiah figure in-universe. No one in MoS considers Clark a messiah, and if there's allegory, it's in the parellels in his journey to *becoming* a messiah-like figure. The "core characteristics" you're talking about aren't there yet because it's an origin story. The nuance is in building up a character gradually, allowing those core characteristics to be defined and refined over time and as a result of the events the character experiences. The fact that you expected Clark to show up in MoS with all the defining characteristics of Superman in his prime clearly suggests that you have no idea what the movie was trying to do with the character. The nuance is there, you just can't (or refuse) see it.  As for BvS, yeah, a lot of (imo necessary) buildup was skipped over. The bones are kinda there, but it was left to audiences to put everything together, and I don't think it managed to pull it off well enough for general audiences. I wrote a [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/DC_Cinematic/comments/11zv0bl/which_is_the_worst_decision_that_warner_bros_have/jdfn0y6) a couple of weeks back that basically covers my thoughts on (primarily) BvS and what it could have done better.
He's not acting like Superman, but he *is* acting like a frustrated man who thinks the bully should be punished but can't do it front of everyone. He didn't "spare" the guy and that was never the point. Maybe it would have been better for the bully if he'd been tossed out on his ass instead of having his rig destroyed. Maybe that's what *Superman* would have done, with more experience or without worrying about being exposed. I never made the argument that wrecking the truck was inherently good, but it was less confrontational-- no witnesses, no chance for a fight, nothing that could reveal his secret. The scene wasn't to demonstrate that Clark was the bigger man, it was to show that he always stands up to bullies and protects those who are weaker, even if he's still figuring out how best to do that with his power and still dealing with his own issues.  Edit: Basically, the scene is to show that Clark's heart is in the right place, but his head is still figuring things out. His upbringing has instilled in him a sense of justice and looking out for others, but he doesn't yet have the confidence, experience, or clarity of purpose that he would as Superman, so he gets frustrated and says to himself "I'll smash this bully's truck" instead of it just rolling off him.
Thanks!
The origin movies are there to introduce core characteristics to audience. Movie doesn't have  to rely on subtlety when there is whole run time to do that. Nobody expect clark to be full superman on his first movie. Without working on core characteristics,  movie cannot tell complicated stories in the future. For example, Clark Kent being not able to see beauty in humanity and not keeping healthy relationship with anyone  undermines his sacrifice in BVS, its more like he sacrificed himself for Lois lane and Martha rather than for humanity. Again what is point showing allegory with out working on any messiah traits. If movie showed Clark Kent has messiah like traits then allegory would be meaningful to show that he has the potential.
How have they already finished?  Edit:  Dang.  Where have I been?  I had no idea movies were shot that quickly.
Even I have the same question. They started filming in December 2022 and in merely 3 months even their shooting is over. But who knows maybe they will spend a good amount of time in reshoots.Edit:- I just read the shooting for Joker 2019 began in September 2018 and ended in December 2018. Which means even Joker 2019 took 3 months.I don't know why we are so shocked.
3 months is a normal amount of time for principal photography, probably even above average for a non-action film. [Ghostbusters: Afterlife took 3 months](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostbusters:_Afterlife#Filming).
On average, Hollywood studio movies are shot within 30 to 120 days with outliers falling below or above this range. Joker 2 took 4 months so its quite usual.
1. Mark Hamill 2. Heath Ledger 3. FUCK, this is tough - probably Joaquin Phoenix.
Jeremiah Valeska, Mark Hamill’s Joker and Ceaser Romero from batman 66.
1. Under The Red Hood   2. Endgame/Death of The Family   3. The Batman animated show 04
There’s a lot of good ones, but my favorites would probably be Arkham Joker, Jack Nicholson, and I have a soft spot for the Joker from Brave and the Bold.
1. Arkham 2. Ledger 3. Joaquin
Strange Apparitions (written by Steve Englehart)  Batman The Animated Series (voiced by Mark Hamill)  The Dark Knight (played by Heath Ledger)
1. Heath ledger 2. Jack Nichelson (probably mispelled that) 3. Cameron Monaghan (Jeremiah)
This isn’t in any order specifically but the top 3 for me would be • Telltale Joker • BTAS Joker  • Arkham Joker
Mark Hamill, Jack Nicholson and Kevin Michael Richardson
Nicholson  Hamill  “I’m da Joker, baby!” kid
Nicholson, Mark Hamill, Lego Joker
1. Arkham Joker( I grew up with the Arkham games) 2. Comic Joker( new 52 one his stapled on face was scary) 3. Heath Ledger Joker
1. Heath Ledger (The Dark Knight)  2. Mark Hamill (Arkham Trilogy)  3. John DiMaggio (Under the Red Hood)
Burton/Nicholson, BTAS Hamill, Scott Snyder’s Joker
The Batman (2004)  Arkham Origins  Jack Nicholson  And yes, Gotham's Joker was amazing and criminally underrated.
DCAU  Arkham games  Under the Red Hood movie
Batman RIP Joker from the comics  Joaquin Phoenix and Jared Leto are tied (I love Leto’s take, especially in JL. I think he is terrifying and creepy, which Joker should be)  Heath Ledger  Runner up would be Under The Red Hood John DiMaggio Joker. As for people asking about Hamill, I ADORE him in Mask of the Phantasm, but find him very hit or miss in the BTAS episodes and in the Arkham games. In MotP he is just way more sinister and creepy. Nicholson’s I never liked, cause I just see Jack in make up.
Ledger>Hamill>Monaghan (specifically Jerome, sorry Jeremiah, not fun enough until the end)
1. Arkham Joker 2. Joker from The Batman 2005 animated show 3. Heath Ledger's Joker
Ledger, Nicholson, Romero/Phoenix
Nicholson was the best Joker. So iconic and so natural to all the talent and idiosyncrasies that he always possessed.  Ledger is next, right up there, but the clear difference (to me) is that Ledger wasn’t playing “The Joker”…not really…He was playing THE DEVIL, disguised as “The Joker.”  The Devil is someone with no identity. No past, no future. Something beyond any kind mold. The Devil’s whole pursuit, is to corrupt as many souls as possible. To get into people’s head and convince them to become evil, to kill, to maim and to do things that they never would have done otherwise.   Ledger’s whole character wasn’t content with killing people, like Jack’s Joker, the “homicidal artist.” Ledger’s Joker wasn’t satisfied unless a pure person killed another pure person…that’s Lucifer.
Live Action  Nicholson  Ledger  Phoenix   Animation  Mark Hamill  Kevin Michael Richardson  John DiMaggio
Nicholson,   Monaghan   , Galifianakis
Telltale Joker, Heath Ledger, and BTAS Joker
1.Arkham Origins  2.Arkham Asylum, City, and Knight  3.Batman: The Brave and the Bold  Honorable mention: The Batman Cartoon
I love all of these.   I am so excited for Joker 2. Phoenix really nailed it and I loved the vision the writer/director went for. Definitely captured an unhinged and uncomfortable feeling.  And that costume is 🔥
Hell yeah. Love to see a fellow Jeremiah fan.  Romero is so much fun. I love me some 66 Batman. Joker in the swim trunks is iconic. So happy that has a figure lmao
The Red Hood scene where Joker wants some water & is eating chips is one my favorite scenes ever lmao
Nicholson is probably in my top 5. So iconic. His facial expressions is perfect for Joker. Love 89.  Love to see B&TB mentioned!
Brave and the Bold Joker not being a super big threat but instead just being super annoying and no one liking him is great
2 iconic versions and one sure to be when it's over. Phoenix is gonna go down as an all timer. So good.
I will have to check out the first one. Not heard of that one before   Love the other 2. Great versions!
Love this list.  Jack was my number one for a long time. Gangster Joker is awesome. Love his clothing style too. The mime look was so short, but so unique.  And of course, shout out to fellow Jeremiah fan
3 amazing picks.  I really love how much Arkham is a companion piece to BTAS. Still it's own thing, but was so good to see Hamill and Conroy again and in that setting.   And Telltale. They reinvented Joker & Penguin into versions I adored.
The Arkham games are some of my favorite games of all time. Hold a special place in my heart. Hamill is amazing in general and shines so much in those
All great choices!   Ledger's body movements as Joker is some of my favorite acting work ever.
Nice to see Origins Joker. Really good version and also underrated.   🙌
3 fantastic choices!
The Batman's Joker is one I'll never forget. What a wild design.  But it worked!
That whole series frankly is iconic.   No padded armour for this Bruce Wayne. 100% pure West.
Same. It's not only funny. But it really shows how unhinged and chaotic he is.
I love his sheer joy at realizing he'd get to cause a Bad Ending by preventing Batman from disarming the bombs. 'I'M THE ONLY ONE WHO GETS WHAT HE WANTS TONIGHT!'
Love this but Joker uses laughing gas on an entire audience on a talk show and nonchalantly goes on a killing rampage in a carnival in The Dark Knight Returns Pt 2 nails it for me.
“Im gonna need some guys. But not these guys cause they’re kinda dead” *proceeds to laugh manically*
https://youtu.be/AHol40UBtb4  Troy Baker did a killer job in this game. It's also my favorite looking one.
That is one of the best scenes. It's so good. TDKR Joker is up there for me. Jeremiah was heavily influenced by that version, so I am fond of him too as well. If I had made this a top 5, he might make the cut.
Titans  Titans are a goldmine waiting to be tapped into in the live action movie world
Teen Titans
Considering they're starting with an older Dick Grayson and there was just a whole Titans show, I think we're more likely to get a YJ adaptation, or a much later version of the Titans.   If DCU was starting from the early days, with Dick as Robin, I'd love to see Teen Titans. Maybe they'll do something like the recent animated movies, with Dick and Starfire as leaders/former members, while the bulk of the team is Blue Beetle, Damian Wayne, Raven, etc.
Teen Titans. I've never watched YJ and hope the new DCU stays closer to standard canon.
I'd rather see Justice League done right in the next 10 years, please and thank you.
Titans. Especially considering majority of the Young Justice members became Titans members and the ones that haven't no one really cares about
How about a fusion of both,Nightwing as the older team leader,who trains the younger heroes,said heros could be damian,raven,beastboy and terra,so it's the typical yj origin but with a titans lineup,the film could have either name,but I would go with teen titans
Young justice
Young Justice based on the original  PAD comic
I think Young Justice because this new universe is gonna be when superheroes exists for a while and Dick Grayson is already Nightwing. I would love to see Damian interact with Connor and Bart instead of Tim. That would be a cool dynamic.
Definitely Teen Titans. They have a really iconic roster of characters and stories for DC to make amazing movies out of.
My dream movie would've been Teen Titans with the OG 5 team (Robin, Kid Flash, Wondergirl, Speedy, Aqualad).   Unfortunately, it seems that won't be the case in the new DCU.
Young Justice
If DC was still under Snyders vision... Titans, because there would have been a chance for it to be done 'properly'... and people would hate it because its not like the cartoon. But now that it is under Gunn, a better fit is properly YJ.
Young Justice. Is more marketable and has more options.
YJ
the Outsiders
Teen titans personally then into YJ. Wouldn’t mind either one tho.
https://media.tenor.com/EstKpPVveyYAAAAM/both-agree.gif
Teen Titians
Can we at least get a non Polarizing  version of the Justice League and the Holy Trinity first?  Is it too much to ask that we get that before we try hyping up movies about the Sidekicks?
Teen Titans.
James Gunn: The correct answer is Challengers of the Unknown.
The Titans. People who are saying Young Justice are just going off the show. Also the Young Justice show is much closer to the New Teen Titans comics than the Young Justice comics.
Either classic NTT or Young Justice. I'd hate if they skip to the current TT generation which I feel no real love for. I don't find the new characters that interesting and I feel like the YJ4 generation is so sidelined due to being sandwiched in an awkward spot between the classic and the new.  In an ideal world there's a NTT movie set in the past. Deathstroke-related probably. The consequences of that movie carry over into a modern-day Young Justice movie in which the original generation are mentors.
Titans of course. Even the actual young justice cartoon was closer to being based on teen titans with the characters they chose(most of them being from the Geoff John’s Era)
build up the Justice League for 10 years, retire the heroes after a few big crossovers, then work on building up the Titans as the next generation of the Justice League.   Youre welcome, WB
Titans.
Dc has so many goldmines they haven't uses  Titans  The batfamily  Most of supermans rogues gallery  The lantern corps  Just why
Along with Blue Beetle, Damian Wayne and Raven, I could see them adding Donna Troy and/or Cassie Sandsmark (whichever Wonder Girl that they decide to go with), maybe Bart Allen/Impulse/Kid Flash if Wally West is already The Flash, Naomi McDuffie and Tara Markov/Terra (both of whom have so much untapped potential), maybe Caitlin Fairchild if they decide to bring in other WildStorm characters (regardless of whether or not they decide to do Gen 13 afterwards).   It might be too soon for Connor Kent/Superboy just yet but anything’s possible.
i highly recommend YJ. Especially the first two seasons
Think that would only irritate both groups.
I don’t see how Synder would have done it properly, especially given how badly he handled both Superman and Batman. Titans are tonally much closer to James Gunn’s superhero films than they are to the Synder films, and to be honest, I think James Gunn’s Suicide Squad shows he knows how to handle serious story moments way better than Synder can.
\+1 to this, Young Justice is my favorite animated version of the DC Universe, and I don't say that lightly given how awesome the shows were that came before it.
I mean it in the sense that he would deliver a serious take with modern sensibilities if he went along the same kind of path he went with MoS, BvS and SCJL. If we got that, I would be perfectly happy.  Also I am very keen on avoiding the Titans becoming too much like the cartoon and keep much closer to the comics... regardless of how popular that particular take was. Gunn would undoubtedly make the cartoon version because making everything with  comedic undertones is what he does and that has nothing to do with the comics.
I’d love if the post-credits are Ted and Mike coming back from a time adventure. Good leeway into the Booster Gold series if this remains DCU canon
Just imagine if there were an awesome and hilarious bro-comedy Blue & Gold series starring Ted and Michael, and then the gut punch in the final episode when they reveal that Michael actually time traveled back to have one last adventure with his friend.
Out with the old, in with the blue
It's not the same with Jaime, Michael and Ted are the true duo.
That mask's teeth give me nightmares.
Hashtag Not My Blue Beetle.
I was thinking you were talking about Bill and Ted coming back from a time adventure. And that got me thinking of Keanu Reeves as Ted Kord.
It really does suck we didn't get a proper Dan Garrett or Blake Ted Kord HBO Max series or even film in the new DCU or something...just straight to a teen titan...like wtf that's major disrespect to the original two.
We could still get Ted and Michael since the Blue Beetle confirmed Ted to exist and superheroing from the appearance of his bug ship and costume
Ted exists but it seems like he's dead at this point since Jaime has the Scarab and Ted's wife apparently thinks she's owed the Scarab implying that Ted is out of the picture at this point.
Pretty sure Susan Sarandon isn't Ted's wife. Most likely his mother or aunt.
The relation doesn't matter, if Ted was still alive he'd have the Scarab and he'd be the one that owns it. The fact Victoria thinks she's owed it implies he isn't around anymore.
She's his sister she was recently added to the comics so Ted is probably retired and gave the company to her
Sister in the comics
Maybe he retired and gave the company to her like how it is currently in comics also she's his sister
It’s not great. Not bad. But different.
I just saw this on a store shelf this past weekend and was wondering how it was.  Then forgot all about it.  Guess I'll try to remember to watch it.
Green Arrow and Black Canary movie
start him off as a side character in a film or 2 and based on the audience perception...give him a film  we don't need another arrow show
I'd love a move based on year 1
HBO Max animated series.
Him and Jaime's uncle meet at a bar and talk about Batman 🤣  On a serious note, I think he'd fit Peacemaker S02 perfectly as a little cameo
Introduce him in a Black Canary movie, with Count Vertigo as the villain. Then put him in the JL movie, and then give him his own movie.
Video game
Idc what they do, just that they give his character a sense of humor
Movie
Movie definitely
Movie would be cool. Iam also still hoping for an adaption of the Green Arrow Escape from Supermax script. I hope we will eventually get that movie in the new DCU. The premise is to cool to not do anything with.
Depends on the overall plans for him. But I'd love for him and canary to be alluded to in a Batman film then both of them to get TV shows, very street level.
Give him a video game set on the island, make it a survival crafting game, maybe something along the lines of the Tomb Raider games.
But a movie...I Think Is ths same to made hawkeye movie, could be good, but in the audiencie/Box Office not. Its Beter a Game or Mini-Series in Hbo Max
Start him off as a side character and build him up so he can take over when the bigger characters retire.
Movie as a billionaire archaeologist
This is what I'm hoping for. I think it's unlikely because it would be so tonally different from any sequels they do, but I feel like there's a lot you can do with that story.
I'd love a story of Oliver fighting cops because that seems in character with him
Absolutely. Honestly though? I can see DC chickening out. With how much certain audiences have filled their diapers over a throwaway line in the Blue Beetle trailer, DC might just not bother adapting Green Arrow in that way.
Sad because you could make a version of training day were Oliver finds a dirty cop by accident and have it show how dirty the system is. It could be like his year 2 of superhero duties like in the batman
Then again, with James Gunn heading it, I can see him leaning even more heavily into that aspect since that group is bound to gripe about virtually anything anyway.
Yeah that's my hope. That whole circuit is a cottage industry built on fomenting outrage about any popular property. They should just be wholly ignored, and hopefully James Gunn/Peter Safran have the power and sense to do so.
You don't need to ignore it entirely, outrage these days is pretty much free advertising. If they made GA, i hate the word but, "woke", it would create so many free outrage clicks and advertising.  I had no idea who Dylan Mulvaney was until yesterday or the day before when all the Coors/Bud Light anger kicked off, its a legit marketting strat these days.
I think they’re gonna have a bad romance….
Halloween couples' outfits gonna go crazy lol
Joker on a prison or psych ward bus but in makeup. Makes me wonder if it’s all in his head.
Gaga with a Poker Face
That’s the elevator from the first movie, she’s 100% going there kill Zazie Beetz
This is giving me Joker (2019) vibes and I freaking love it!
Different suit on Joker from the one Phoenix has been seen filming in. It's red again, but also clearly not the same one from the first film, what with the new undershirt and tie.  I wonder if Joker will have multiple suits in the film.
She looks amazing
Joaquin and Gaga together are gonna kill it.
Incoming flood of "me n who?" Posts
Lady Gaga is going to crush it
Really didn’t want a sequel to Joker but hey I’m open to it. I think Gaga will nail it as Harley
... Joker face
Looks like a flipped silhouette of the Batman cowl in her blouse.
Marketing on this movie has been excellent so far. I feel like we get weekly updates, lol.
Lady Gaga looks amazing
she is truly inspired casting.
I need this movie now.
I didn’t think that anyone else could play Harley except for Margot Robbie but I actually feel like I’m terrified of this version of Harley Quinn.
[I need her](https://imgur.com/a/H74VrkK)
Just looks like lady gaga after a bender and not Harley Quinn.
She looks reaaally good. Like messed up psycho vibes. I like this look more than DCEU Harley already. Was never a fan of Margot Robbie's take.
Damn she looks good!
Cool!
Joker and Jokerette
Not a fan of Gaga, hope she does justice to the role and the script.
Okay I’m not tryna be a hater cause I think that she will do fine in the role but I think because of how good Margot Robbie looks in the role, it’s really hard for me to accept the look of this Harley. Especially when the set leaks dropped with her in the red jacket. That being said though, im sure when I actually see her performance of the character that I’ll enjoy it more
Also states that they have wrapped filming in the post. I want this to be good but I literally don’t know what to expect with this.
Meh.  Creeps me out; i guess it has that going for it.  I hear she has acting chops, so i am hopeful.
I dig it
*Nothing* about this gives me Harley Quinn vibes
I feel like she is going to be the Jared Leto Harely Quinn.
It’s gonna get toxic baby
Still not excited enough
Meh, this feels like it should only be screened in Hot Topic’s. Hard pass for me.
This is going to make the big bucks. This is fresh thinking for DC films, not them trying to cynically, unimaginatively copy the latest MCU flick.
I think Gaga just walked on set, didn’t even need to go to the makeup department
Any sign she wears white makeup in this yet?
I love Gaga but I really really hope the main focus of the film is still Joaquin Phoenix. His captivating performance is the entire reason we are getting a sequel. Keep the focus on him.
AWESOME. CAN'T WAIT TO SKIP IT
So if he's continuing on stealing from Scorcheesy as he did with Taxi Driver in the first Joker, maybe he can steal from Goodfellas for this, hope there's a funny guy , how am I funny monologue
She doesn’t look abused enough.
I know this is supposed to be a grounded and reflective take of the joker, but I wonder if it’s possible he’ll get bleached skin in this movie?
I honestly didn’t care about the last one. Could care less about this one. I think it’s the realistic takes on the Batman universe. He has a villain that is made of clay and one that’s a crocodile man. I want comic book Batman.
Yup. Into that.
I really didn’t like the first movie so I’m not excited for this one. I gotta give it another shot. Was years ago at this point
can guarantee that no girl will want to cosplay gaga's harley quinn for halloween 2024
Good god this movies gonna suck. Worse than the first one too, which will be quite the achievement.
Huge ass L.
These guys are aware this movie is not going to make any money right? The cross section of musical lovers and comic book villain movie lovers, is pretty narrow.
I dunno i think gaga facebdoesnt fit for harley
If this franchise gets 3 more movies I bet the Joker will kill her in the 4th movie.
“I said fire across the nose, not up it”
I don’t know if I’m more excited for the movie, or for Gaga’s future interviews lol
This movie is going to be a fever dream, folie a deux is a psychiatric diagnosis of a shared delusion
The more I see how they are portraying Gaga as Harley the less I like it.
She just looks like Lady Gaga
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH I can't wait !
Super excited for this.
The Harley Margot plays is a post Joker one who is gradually coming out from under his spell. Gaga is Harley as she enters the Joker's thrall.
Yep, that is indeed lady Gaga.
I really hope this movie isn’t just “Ooh look, it’s the scene from the first movie but again!” But I have faith
Yeah I don't know about this one is a musical
I skipped the first one and I’ll be skipping this one. Origin stories are tiresome.
Anyone think the twist in this movie is he kills her at the end because he is crazy?
My theory is that the Gaga’s character is called Harley but she’ll be end up becoming something closer to a 2nd Joker.
Joker with purple suit 🤩😍
No green hair this time . Fair enough   Gaga…I’ll wait till I see a snippet of the performance. Here it just looks like she’s walked off the set of that film with the blonde assassin few years back
Looks amazing! Gaga is perfect for the role.
Wish it wasn’t a musical
With how happy he seemed at the end of the movie? Maybe they’ll just dance.
I hate that I upvoted this
probably ugly and diseaseful!
Everyone’s toxic relationship is going to be exposed this Halloween.
Oh, absolutely. Not to mention all the Facebook posts with memes about how their love is like Harley and The Joker. With no understanding how toxic that relationship is.
Flashbacks to 2016
As soon as I heard it was a musical I figured we would get a lot of scenes where it’s completely in his head.
How else is he supposed to meet Harley?
Joker face
Muh muh muh maaa...
Fun fact, not many people know that the lyrics are “p-p-p-poker face, f-f-Fuck her face”   It’s always funny to hear it uncensored at a family establishment or on the radio.
Oh shit
I thought it was implied in the first film that Joker killed her. I'm aware there's a deleted scene where she's not dead, but deleted scenes ain't canon.
It’s almost as if they were directed by the same person!
I love Margot's Harley.
This is clearly an Elseworlds, alt universe DC canon. I personally don't want Elseworlds stuff to look like the main canon. It should be its own reimagination. That also helps distinguish the two for audiences.
I have the same feeling. At least I'm not alone in this opinion.
I guess this Harley is probably not going to be sexualized.
You all know when the trailer drops it will be fire
Yeah I feel this way. Jared Leto Joker made me never want to see another movie with the joker in it. Cringetopia joker for real. Worst ever.   She looks like the female Jared Leto joker. I have no idea why people are saying she looks great. Looks like she did a bunch of meth for 10 or so years and then did a photo shoot for this.
I wish!
In a good way, or in a bad way?
I think its going to be bad but i dont want it to be. I will watch it, i was a fan of the first one.
Exactly
there’s nothing to tell about his story anymore the joker had its full arc…
X
Since it's a musical I think the Scorsese film they said it's based on is "New York New York"
I doubt their relationship in this will be abusive since Arthur being sympathetic in the first made it popular
1/10
thats THE lady gaga be fr and its already being cosplayed on tiktok
The last one made a billion, I think it'll be alright
It will blow away the other recent DC films at the box office because it has a creative, artistic vision behind it. It is not a soulless corporate product that was assembled in a factory that was trying to copy the formula that went into the last superhero movie that made money.
Yes, strongly agree.  I think they are about to fumble this hard. I want it to be good but it just aint clicking hype for me like some other movies do. Nothing about it that ive seen so far, anyway.
I think she will die but just not sure how or why. It would be cool if Arthur’s true love is murdered by the so called “system” from the first movie to further his rage. Like the police, government somehow, or in a shootout where she takes the bullet for him.
In the end, he was taken to Arkham asylum. Maybe we'll find out he wasn't raised to be a psychopath by his mother he was just born this way
If you and your partner dress up and do silly things it's likely you are in a healthy fun relationship. Conversely Unhealthy people are likely to cast broad generalizations to feel better about themselves.
I don’t think it’ll be as toxic as it usually is as they probably want Arthur to still be sympathetic
I hope they actually make it obscenely blatant in the movie how fucked up and toxic that relationship is. Like, and I know this will sound awful but that should be the point, have an uncomfortably long scene of the Joker beating the shit out of her, and/or horribly humiliating her. We're not living in subtle times anymore, people need it clearly spelled out that something is wrong. I mean, that still would appeal to certain segments of the population, but at least should wake up the well intended clueless ones.    I'm tired of how so much entertainment products want to have it both ways, give you a character who they claim you should find despicable, but also make them cool to build fandom around them. "No no no, people got it wrong believing we wanted them to like the human trafficker, it was just a stylistic choice that he wears that awesome leather duster jacket, and has the best dialogue and the funniest quips, and there's always a fan rustling his raven black curls, and his schemes are so imaginative, and he has all that sexual tension with the protagonist, and was brought back from death seven times already, people should have hated him all along!"
I know a couple who always say “we are the real Harley and Joker”, to which I always reply “oh ok, so you kill people?”, to which they go “no, everything except that part”. 🤣  She even changed her name legally to Harley Quinn, she showed me her ID, and runs around in the outfit, with the hair dyed like in Suicide Squad, every day. She goes to work like that and has all the tattoos Margot had in that movie as well, except the face ones. I am not kidding. When I asked him which Joker actor is his favorite he said “I love them all, cause they each represent an aspect of my personality”. They are really nice btw, but man… kinda sad no? If you wanna be someone else instead of yourself.
It’s not that deep man. You’re overthinking it.
Girls love dark romances. It's why they always liked vampire stories, especially Twilight. It sort of dramatizes their fears about men and sex into a more obvious fear about being seduced and killed by a monster.
Is hope this relationship is differ from past versions we’ve already seen. I almost hope her persona as Harley Quinn is his imagination getting away from him again. He wants to be understood and loved, and the only person who “gets him” is his doctor simply doing her job.
That was my thought, too, and I can't believe it hasn't occurred to more people. Harley will probably have her own delusions as well. Maybe they'll even share some.
>musical   Oh fuck no man, I legit thought you were joking until I googled it.
Its not going to be a musical - but it will have musical elements.. most likely to underscore Harleys warped perception of her reality: and her relationship with Arthur.  The whole "musical" thing was blown out of proportion from the onset.
Not sure I follow. Why would this prohibit him from meeting Harley?  The scene from that still shot could definitely be in his head. Why else would he be on a bus like that but in full makeup? It’s not like whomever has custody of him is going to dress him in his full Joker attire. Unless maybe his goons stole the bus and got him out.
Looked up the lyrics just now, I can't believe you're right
From what I understand, there are no censored versions of the song. Simply because people don’t know what she’s actually saying
He never killed her because she never wronged Arthur.
Oh my goodness I think you’re right! That movie made $1 billion dollars!
Margot's Harley is just a glorified Barbie with some twisted thinking. That Harley would never fit with this Joker.
Oh I know it’s else worlds, I just don’t know how I feel about the look. Like I said though I’m sure when I see it in action it’ll grow on me. I do agree that it is a good thing for the else world stories to have different styles rather then going for the strictly  super comic book accurate looks
Oh I don’t care if she’s sexualized that’s not necessarily what does it for me I’m more so talking about how she looked in birds of prey and the majority of James Gunn’s harley(I know there were the sexualized moments in that one but I felt like the majority of the time she wasn’t).
Lol, no one wants that. Jared Leto was a horrible Joker.
Yes
It was his mom that made his life a hell.
People see musical first. No one will watch it
Normal people don't care
You’ve seen a couple of screenshots…
Alejandro
Will beyonce cameo when they speak to one another over the telephone?
You could tell his mom was disappointed though it was hard to tell with her great poker face
Alternatively, you’re a boring ass person if you can’t take the joke at face value.
Sympathetic shouldve gone out the window with Arthur a long time ago. Im worried about the people who dont think it did.
I think this movie might actually be depicting a VERY different Joker/Harley dynamic.  I don’t know specifics, but let’s just say the “alpha” of the relationship might not be who you expect.
>have an uncomfortably long scene of the Joker beating the shit out of her, and/or horribly humiliating her  No he's no beating her, there is a scene of him just shaking her and in another scene she's kissing her, i hope their relationship to be like the video game Batman The Enemy Within, both were crazy but that Joker was not abusive towards Harley and the haircut of Harley in that game is similar with Gaga's haircut for Harley
That is possibly the most pathetic thing I have ever heard.
Lol you must not have listened to Gaga describe her method acting. This guy is under thinking it if anything.  There’s a pretty funny clip of Salma Hayek dying inside during an interview listening to her go on about her acting for an uncomfortably long time.
Please tell us more about women 😂/s
rah, rah-ah-ah-ah, roma, roma-ma?
I think that’s what the title alludes, as well.
I mean, that's pretty literally what *folie à deux* means
Hell, maybe Harley is all in his head
Right? I thought it was obvious but people seem to really be taken back by the thought of a musical. This film for sure is going to go deep into misdirection, I don’t think we’ll know exactly what’s really going on until the end (even then who knows if we’ll even really know). If the first movie was an homage to Taxi Driver this will be that on steroids.
I read this at work and didn't read the "but in makeup" part. I thought you were implying the act of being in prison/bus was in his head. I apologize for the misunderstanding 🙂
So perhaps this Harley Quinn will vastly misinterpret what the Joker is, falling in love with the idea rather than the man himself?
The therapist at the end also never wronged him, so that whole “he only kills people who wronged him” theory goes out of the window, even when Phillips says it himself.
That doesn’t mean he didn’t kill her
Morbius made a morbillion
Agreed but a comic and cartoon accurate Harley are also just an unhinged barbie
I guess I’m saying that she’s extremely attractive in that movie.  Here she just looks sad.
I thought he was excellent. Best live-action Joker ever.
Normal people definitely do get tired of seeing the same repetitive stories, scenes and dialogue in movies. There have even been filmmakers who cut scenes out of their movies because a similar scene managed to appear in a movie shortly before theirs was about to come out.
Normal people don't care what the movie is about, the frickin' Joker is the main character. That alone means that it will automatically come with a high floor at the box office.
And clips. And behind the scenes footage. And cast/employee interviews. And...  Wtf you mean only screenshots. Is it your first day in here ? Lol
Roberto
You can have sympathy for a person or character without condoning their actions.
Feeling sympathetic toards a person that was failed by their family and the system is totally normal. That's why we serapate the sociopaths from the insane. Remember, it's all a bad day away
Given Arthur’s sort of submissive role with women and Lady Gaga having serious powerhouse energy, I’m expecting her to be the manipulative one this time around.
I would be OK with that. Sure Harley is nuts but she is a psychiatrist. I'd love to see her use him. The recent podcast they did about Harley kinda played that route.
are we talking "ezra miller shaking her" levels?
>  Lol you must not have listened to Gaga describe her method acting.   ?    What does anything you said have to do with people comparing their relationships to tragic/toxic love stories?
There are only two types of women they have ever talked to:  1: mom, yelling for chicken tendies   2: Anime body pillows
Whoa, trippy.  Though I think that would set off those fans that need The Movies To Be Just Like The Comics. But I'm okay with that.
Maybe. One theory I have is she kills Sophie because Harley believes Sophie will take Arthur away from her and Arthur thinks that’s too far and cuts off all ties with Harley.
Weren’t those bloody footprints supposed to be symbolic more than anything else?
Todd Phillips himself confirmed that
"comic and cartoon accurate" is not always a plus.
And since when Joker is a comic and cartoon accurate story?
They make movies about the exact same plot all the time.  It's about milking as much money out of people as possible without them realizing it.  It's not about art
Well I guess we'll see.
Why so serious?
> Remember, it's all a bad day away  But the whole point of the story where Joker said that (The Killing Joke) is that we *aren't* all just One Bad Day away from snapping like him. Joker was wrong.
> Remember, it's all a bad day away  No. We are not all a bad day away from going on live television and committing murder.
That was your take away from that story? Gordon proved him wrong at the end, its just joker
So I guess it's like Telltale Joker and Harley.
Even more so than that, based on some set pics it almost seems like at some point in the movie there might be a bit of competition between them, not like on the Harley Quinn animated show where she’s trying to get out from under Jokers shadow, but instead as equals competing head to head to be the figurehead of the movement he started in the first movie.  I’m really interested to see how this shakes out.
Lol, no, This Harley seems crazier than Arthur, i'm worried about the character development with Arthur
Sorry was hard to follow which thread you were responding to. I thought you were replying to u/Brad_Brace. Those little lines on the left are easy to miss count when the replies get long.
I was thinking something along those lines — that Arthur begins telling her about his life, and she mistakenly (deludedly) believes that is what he wants.
It would make somewhat sense since they did filmed a scene at the stairs from his apartment (the joker stairs) where he’s clearly pissed at her
Todd Phillips confirmed that he didn’t kill her? Than what was the point of that scene?
It's not, but that's a bad criticism for Harley
Ah yes. Taking one sentence out of context and firing back. So smart.
All good. Just as a heads up you can click "parent" underneath to see the exact comment they're replying to when there's multiple replies and it gets confusing.
He was originally have her be in a scene where she’s watching the Murray show from home to show she’s alive and well and show her reaction to Joker killing Murray on live tv but Todd cut it out because it would interfere with the story being mainly from Arthur’s perspective.
its true though , people have bad days all the time and managed to get through it in a healthy way even if they have no support and feel alone
Except it is the point. This isnt "oh was failed and then a bad day and isnt doing well". Hes a murderer. This was premeditated murderer. No, sympathy is gone.
Hmmm I don’t seem to have that option on the native iPhone app. Good to know the name of the feature to look for now!  Edit: I guess it was a feature on the mobile apps but it was removed sometime last year? I wonder if there is a third party app that still allows it. I don’t think Apollo does.
Yea I know.. I don’t know. What do you think? Did he kill her?
Get off
I think the iPhone app has a little button at the very very top of the thread that says parent comment instead of underneath. But it’s not always consistent. No problem!
No because like I said she never did anything wrong to Arthur and he only killed people who wronged him
I didnt think "murder is bad" was so controversial. I guess that explains why Joker was divisive, some are pro murder and some arent?
No he didn’t. That psych at the end as an example. It wasn’t people who “wronged” him.
The detail: In the Flashback scene it had bright lighting and was under kid Billy's point of view where he thought his mom was happy,also the white gloves as a hint. The lower scene, it's what happened in the actual scene,his mom's stressed out with a black glove
What I never understood is why didn’t the cops who found him just return him to her? I mean he knew his name so they could have just looked it up.  Also why is Billy remembering a guy with a penis hat?
One was what actually happened, the other was a darker memory of what happened. Hence the intentional visual style difference.  Plus, Billy’s mom might be the most evil DC villain ever!
I love this film and the second one
Yeah, I mean that’s not really that impressive of a detail, it was kinda the point of the scene
This isn’t that much detail. Like, this isn’t some mind blowing thing that only Shazam has ever done. Like, pretty simple, you make things brighter and happier in the “memory” and more dull and washed out in what actually happened. This is a pretty common thing.
this should be on moviescirclejerk lol
This was my favorite thing about the movie, such a great way to show how you can remember things very differently
Look I don't wanna come off as a snob but like, that's the whole point of the scene isn't it? It's not some crazy hidden level of detail or subtext, it's like in your face. Also people just use the lives rent free phrase for everything and it doesn't even make sense in this context.
That's basic story telling device in movies.
... basic storytelling that indicates shifts in POV isn't some omg moment of realization.
I also wonder how people’s perceptions of the mom would have changed if in the second flashback, they had an actual 17 year old playing the scene.   Because a lot of people really think she’s a bad person for losing and then walking away from Billy once she sees he’s with the cops but the actress is clearly a grown woman. If it had been an actual 17 year old in that scene, I wonder if it would have made people more forgiving of her decision.
I had no idea. Awesome detail!
Did people not realize this? Honestly thought it was obvious. But glad people are seeing it. The piece with his mom and their conversation was great
If you like this detail, check out the movie Running Scared. It has the same kid seeing a situation vs an adult perspective dynamic. It's a wildly underrated comic book movie with a lot more going on than it gets credit for. Also a very real performance from Paul Walker that we never really get anywhere else.
That’s pretty standard. Like this isn’t a bug thing
Oh my god everyone remembered that the first movie was actually great
Dc fans got the lowest standards man 😭
Billy's jacket is a different colour too.
That's called cinema.
This is standard film stuff though.
Lol if this lives rent free in their head then it must be pretty crowded in there
Mandela effect is a hell of thing
What is the suppose to mean I don't get it???
Hahahahahahhahahahaha
It´s James Gunn´s fault
WOAH MINDBLOWN  NEVER NOTICED THIS SUBTLE DETAIL
"This level of detail" smh, some of you need to watch more films
Wow they recreated the shot with different actors that's insane such kino cinema
Was this by accident or intentionally?
Mother, you had me.  But I never had you
I award her no “World’s Best Mom” coffee cups.
Wish they would have put the same level of detail into SEPTA stops. Unwatchable /s
Doesn't seem that crazy honestly.
The top one doesn't do cocaine & anal. The bottom one does
Shazam 2, I like it but whatever.   Shazam, I posted it is one of the greatest super hero movies ever.      A hard gremlins pg. Kid fantasy. Superman powers. Orphan feels. good mean and scary villain. The faceless Superman even makes it stand alone and can plug into whatever U.
It's been 4 years?!?!?!
Darker hat too on his mom
Or is what really happened somewhere in the middle? Obviously the mom was going through some pretty heavy depression
also, Billy is sad in the first one, and happy in the second. he blames himself for most of the movie for what happened with his mom, so maybe a bit of stretch?
Interesting
"Boss, we lost the white gloves"
Thats not that impressive...
Oh.  I didn’t clock that, but the difference’s were noticeable to me
The explanation as I remember it is he had his fathers last name and they never married so she still had her maiden name so it made it harder to track down
Reservoir tip beanies are the shit tho!!
In action movies, the cops have to be incompetent.
Wait until you see Polkadotmans mom!
she wasnt evil. Just real. She knew she could never provide a good life to her son. But foster parents could.
She wasn’t evil. Just very young and unsure of herself and her abilities and clearly unprepared to have a child. Definitely should’ve found a way to help when she was past being a naive 17 year old
Well, it was either that or abort shazam
Then why does he look sad in the supposed happier image?
Nope, one is the glorification of what happened, the other is what actually happened, billy was just a kid when this happened he thought they were living a happy life in reality his mom is stressed out of her mind, that’s why she never bothered to find him because she decided to left him.
Me too
ITT OP discovers cinematography
Lol yeah it was a good pov shift, but it was fairly obvious what they were doing
Ikr. It's basic cinematography. Colors and lighting representing the mood of the characters. Almost all movies do this.
Lol so true
omg NO BUT RENT FREEE
Finally saw Shazam recently and I wish they'd have had an actual teenager play her in the flashbacks. I didn't even realize she was supposed to be a teen until the end of the film.
wow
It was obvious
That movie was a COMIC BOOK movie?? Holy fuck
Yeah frl like these two scenes were likely shot on different days when they had access to different items in the dressing room.
Billy’s mom’s gloves go from black to white.
In your rush to be smug, you missed that the actors are one of the few things they didn’t change
Intentional.  The top pic is how Billy remembers how his mum looked/how the events of that day unfolded.  The bottom pic is what she really happened and how she really looked that day.
Darker sweater under the coat too
Is Yoda, that you?
Good point I never thought of that, two sides to every story and the truth is in the middle
What do you mean in the middle? The second scene is literally what happens, as said by his mom
I’m thinking it’s cause in Billy’s mind, that’s the day his life went to shit, but in his moms mind that’s what made his life better
Look up his birth certificate?  Unless she didn't register his birth, it would have both his mothers and fathers name on it.
I do..... She's..... Everywhere.
Or Peace Maker's Dad.
Knowing foster parents can give your kid a better life is reasonable. Abandoning your kid in a crowded place and traumatizing them is not reasonable.
No, that’s the lie she tells herself to justify what she did. In reality she didn’t want that kind of responsibility and instead abandoned him.
She still didn’t want him when she was older so wtf are you talking about ?
Evil to abandon your child.  She should have put him up through the proper channels if she felt she couldn't raise him right
What? She was so evil that Darkseid be takin’ notes. The Joker was speechless and didn't laugh. Even Mr. Freeze said, “Damn woman, that's cold.”
Its definitely evil to abandon a child like that.
I don’t remember the scenes 100% but based off the image above and my memory, the top image isn’t necessarily the “happier” version. It’s just Billy’s false recollection of the events. Given that he blamed himself for getting lost, he probably saw his younger self as a snot-nosed brat who couldn’t appreciate his perfect mother who was just trying to win him a prize and all he could do as thanks was ruin their lives by running away and getting lost. The bottom image, the actual events, show he was just a happy-go-lucky kid with a mom trying her best and he got lost in the crowd.
This is a fair point. What's cool is that it's subtle enough for interpretation. However, I do agree after you mentioning this, you're probably right.
It kinda blows me away how often people will point to something in a movie and attribute it to plain old coincidence and not a very specific choice by the filmmakers.     “The main character’s bedroom windows look like they have bars on them, and they are talking about feeling trapped. Do you think that was intentional?”
next up OP discovers call backs and layers in dialogue
that is not what cinematography is bro
I've only seen Shazam once or twice and have never looked into it online for easter eggs or details lol
Nah it was forsure an intentional shot, I just meant how these things are seen in so many movies that do it way better.
Yeah I know, but I just thought it was accidentally happened then one of them was like "oh I have an idea!"
Extra brick on the building behind them too. I counted them . Jk
On ketamine he is.
Died from a stroke, he has
To shreds, you say?
"As said by his mom" is the key phrase there. I am just suggesting that she probably experienced that scene a little more gloomy than it really was, and that it probably wasn't as cheery as Billy remembered either. Instead somewhere in between.
love that
The great Super heroes are all about their origins.     You can't beat orphan power.      The movie went head first into gnarly drama and honestly, your statement "but in his moms mind that’s what made his life better" really expanded it for me.
Billy probably didnt have his birth certificate with him when he got lost. Thus they couldn't really find details and just gave him a new birth certificate (like they do to other kids left in orphanages) using the details he remembers.  Plus nobody in his family reported a missing child so police won't just assign another person's identity to him (hoping that its his original birth certificate).
I think she straight up ghosted.
It's a movie about a kid that turns into a god like wizard with a magic word.  Suspend a little disbelief, would ya?
She didn't abandon him though she generally lost track of him and began looking for him immediately panicking she only relaxed when authorities found him which assured her he would be safe
she knew herself and how her life would turn out to be. She was right.   Look in the future. She is self destructive with low self esteem. She barely could surive by herself.   Look how happy the foster family when they took in the kids. Look how much they loved billy and other kids.
Sorry i chuckled 😂
Yeah she sucks.
Not saying she was good but she wasn't evil. Pretty messed up parent and should've been better, especially when she was older
Dude she had him when she was 13. I agree, she blows, but also...  Dude
Agreed. She was not in the right headspace as a 17 year old
Pray they never see Sucker Punch.
Yeah, I kinda find that funny whenever I hear someone making fun at English/lit. teachers for surinterpreting everything, and then seeing posts mike this.  Like no Brian, if it's mentionned and your teacher asks about it, it's not a random detail.
I've been saying this. In Fury of the gods Shazam mentions the Authority to James Gunn's wife no way that's a coincidence.
EA Voss better watch his back
Ohhh I see.  Thank you for breaking it down instead of making me feel stupid too broski. 💙
Rehabilitation after armed robbery attempt, he entered
I mean, she described as feeling incredibly relieved, I don’t think she was that gloomy at all
it's in a database. they can just look up Billy Batson 5 years old in whatever city he was born in and find his mom and dad's names on the form.
I think ...sadly and realistically ... the cops and whatever people they work with have a built in bias; if the parents aren't looking, we won't try that angle too hard.   The truth is...I only know about 1984ish era off the top of my head...John Walsh, sadly in part grieving over horrible crimes committed to his son Adam, fucked up America saying that 300,000 kids are kidnapped a year. All but 6 of the 300k had a divorce component to the kidnapping. People look for their kids.     People who lose their kids at a fair will not leave the fair without their kid ... happens A LOT, I was that kid a couple times. I would expect police to consider parents out cold or taken away in an ambulance more than a parent that didn't want to find their kid.
But she didn't take him back home and she didn't look for him afterwards. That's abandonment by definition.
She still abandoned him by intentionally just leaving him there. If you drop your kid off at a police station and then just drive away, that's still abandonment.
He agrees that giving him to foster parents was reasonable. He’s saying the method was terrible. Straight up abandoning your kid in a public place is traumatic and dangerous and there is very little reason not to do things the right way
Abandoning your kid is evil.
Such a fun, light hearted film
You take that to mean she wasn't going through some sort of depression (which could cloud her perception)? Hearing a mom say she was relieved to have her son out of her life permanently makes me think otherwise
IIRC they were migrants to Philadelphia from a different state because Billy's dad was locked up somewhere else so I doubt three year old Billy knew what state he was born in or even a city. He even had like a twenty year window for his mom's age because he didn't know how old his mom is. Maybe its just hard to take personal info from a recently found kid who hasnt even started to learn to read and write and was never reported missing?? I think
Yeah that's the point. She was a kid herself who like it or not wasn't ready to take on the responsibility but considering how her life is now. She did Billy a huge favor in that even with that no kid to look after her life is still a mess and probably isn't gonna get better anytime soon
I realize that my point is she did not just leave him completely by himself to fend for himself. Yes he was abandoned but only when she was assured he was in good hands (reasonably good hands at least)
Also, he wastes all that time looking for her without closure, and in his first scene of the movie he’s tricking police so he can use their equipment. Which is both dangerous and could have landed him in a ton of irreparable trouble.
Eh, sometimes it's for the best to leave a kid for adoption and/or people who would be better suited to raise them.
A kid abandoned her kid because she felt she was better taken care of by the authorities. But being a naive 17 year old made her not realize what hardships would follow. She’s wasn’t evil. Just very lost and didn’t understand anything she was doing. Terrible series of mistakes for sure
I don’t think her perception was clouded. It was literally framed as a moment of clarity for her.
None of that excuses what she did.
She didn't do that though. She lost him, saw him with some cops and took the chance to abandon him then. I'm pretty sure there are methods to put a child in foster care while still being in contact.
If shes 17 in the flash back, and that kid is at-least like 3, i feel like the abandonment would’ve happened earlier unless she lost whatever help from parents/boyfriend’s parents. Cause of this I doubt she was 17.
It’s not an excuse it’s the reality. Kids in general aren’t good at raising kids. You can be upset about it all you want won’t change the fact that at the end of the day Billy actually landed with people who loved him and cared for him and were able to support him. You can’t see everything through rose color glasses like Billy did
I agree. I’m just responding to the generalization.
When she talks to Billy in the present day, she says  “Look, I was 17. My daddy kicked me out. And your dad just decided to not be a part of anything. And I was hurting. And I was screwed up”
What's your disagreement? I agree what she did was ultimately the right decision. I just don't like how she did it, which was the point. Just because I understand why a character makes a choice doesn't mean I have to like or agree with that choice.
Ahh ok. Still think a parent who would kick their child/grandchild would have done it during the baby stage when their anger first started.
Seems like she was really trying to make it work at first and that act was a breaking point for her.
That Batman line really triggered some people lmao
About the Batman line, I don't really think they're insulting him. It's only a joke made by the comic relief character about a superhero.  I'm pretty sure the MCU already did something similar at some point, and in DC there's the Aquaman running gag in Peacemaker, the sexual double meaning of Flash saying he's the fastest man alive in Justice League Unlimited, or Superman's trunks/glasses.
these are the same people that took Peacemaker seriously when he said Aquaman fucks fish
Arent these numbers only estimates pulled from people using a specific extension? Dislikes arent actually a thing.
those numbers are also outdated because 265K likes last time I checked. Very clearly not indicative of the GA since it's getting way more likes than other dc trailers based on like per view ratio. Don't mind the YT grifters though this movie will definitely be treated like how Prey or Shang-Chi was. Expect vids about how this is going to flop and be a critical failure only to come out and people go "actually that was pretty good."
Looks like it is about 90% positive response on youtube. Assuming the likes indicate a positive response.
The fact people keep score on this kind of stuff is kinda annoying.
These numbers can't be that accurate tbf, naturally they'd be weighted towards fans of the movie.   The majority of people that truly dislike the trailer or are uninterested altogether, won't even watch the trailer, let alone bother to physically dislike it.
Who cares?
The people who got triggered by that Batman line are a bunch of babies lol, glad to see this movie is getting some love, I’m looking forward to it
This is going to be an interesting litmus test for the DCU going forward
How do you see like / dislike ratio?
It just feels like a Shazam 2019 quality movie. It looks fun and has cool set pieces but it doesn’t look like something I’ll care too much about
Looks like a fairly positive reception to me
Racism is alive and well
It’s a great trailer
Y’all really looking at likes to dislike ratios? Jeez, y’all need to get off the internet bc this is just SCRAPS.
I've been wary of some of the DC properties, but the trailer makes me want to see this. And I am more a Ted Kord BB fan than a Jaime BB fan. But this looks like so much fun!
Eh, looked like ass anyway
It looked pretty boring, just like Shazam 2. DC is always doing the same movie. Guy gets superpowers and is doing stuff in a city.
Being 100% honest: It looks corny and totally dated. It feels like Shazam’s first trailer: “hey, I’ve got new powers and I’m strong.” Looks like there’s no sense of a plot. -And it has George Lopez (longtime fave).   The family almost had more screen time that the Blue Beetle. smh
I like the trailer but since I saw this post I’ve disliked each trailer to feed into the nonsense
Grifters be grifting.
I think these different channels have different audiences. The largest one looks like a general audience. DC, the smallest, is a comic audience.  The super fatigue is real.
I like the trailer and I like Jaime, it's areal shame that Jaime will never meet Cavills Superman or any of Snyders heroes.  I'll go to the Flash, to see the end of the DCEU, but I'm not supporting a company who willfully sabotaged their own creators and stars and fucked over the fans.  I hope it does well, but I'm voting with my wallet.
I liked the trailer, but would have really done without that Batman line. Like, why would you diss your own franchise's mainstay, its flagship character, its biggest cash cow, like that?  It's worrying as a DC-guy, if this is a sign of things to come, to see DC go the Disney/Marvel route of insulting/emasculating their own heroes. It's an ill path to try to prop up your lesser-known characters.  Peacemaker started it, but it doesn't have to continue. WB has clear examples of how not to lose audience interest and money.
So can someone do me the analysis comparing these 6 numbers and what they mean? I have no ide. I feel like Movie Trailers having the like to dislike ration being that close means something.
Okay
The fact that line came from on of the Dark Knight comic book issues is crazy. I think it was in one of the animated movies too
batman line has no relationship with dislike button
How are you getting the dislike stats
It is probably going to be a decent film and it has a likeable star who was great in Cobra Kai. But it is still a superhero origin story that we've seen a hundred times now.
I'm guessing it's the Batman line
Y'all really sweating here. The trailer was just as bad as Shazam 2.
These are not accurate numbers. It’s a guess based off of folks who have the extension downloaded.
Trailer looked awesome except the stupid crack at Batman, made no fucking sense but other than that looks good.
For the ones that are supposedly against people that get offended they also seem to exhibit the same behavior lol
Lol I remember the Titans trailer back in the day when Robin was like “ Fuck Batman” and people lost their minds
Yeah, guarantee that's all this is. Blue Beetle's the new fascination for right-wing grifters that review bomb stuff like this, not necessarily gonna represent how normal people feel about it.
It is unfathomable to me, but some people really are that stupid.
Okay it took me a while to actually formulate my Opinion (TM) on this line, but here we go.  I think everyone is overblowing that line, of course DC doesn't want to attack their most profitable character, and people are being crybabies.  BUT.  People have been crybabies since forever. And WB should know by now that people are gonna complain about it, and that the only discourse about the movie is gonna be bitching and bickering. By adding something that could so easily skew the conversation they've effectively poisoned their marketing for something that wouldn't have added much value even in a world without this negativity.
Batman fans are the softest humans on the planet.
What Batman line
Dunno why they insulting their own Franchise's main character. Freaking dumb on DC'S part.
What's the Batman line? I hear people say this. But I didn't finish watching the trailer.
Lmao
Bruh..  You know it doesn't work like that. Those kind of statements doesn't mean they are true. but they are still offensive especially to fans of the said characters.    Batman is a beloved character by millions, and so many empathize and understand him on a very deep level.  When it is used for the sake of such a joke, especially in the official DC draft it is not correct.  If the villain said it, it would look organic and even correct.  But this is a positive comedic character speaking.  It shouldn't be like that.  The Aquaman joke works differently.  throughout the series, the Peacekeeper throws in such jokes facts and this is done on purpose to show his ego, they say he is better than these very heroes.  But it's still embarrassing.  Considering how long comic book writers and many people have been trying to wash Aquaman out of being a clown and a mediocre superhero.
You can actually view the dislikes. YouTube removed them from public view so a certain group of people won't get their feelings hurt.
Yes. The numbers are not exact, but the ratio is (apparently) more or less accurate. I think comparing this with the positive response of various social media platforms can give a good estimate of the online response to the trailer.   Example: the popularity of the trailer on tik tok, matches the ratio on youtube.
Dislikes are a thing. They may not 100% accurate but they are close. You can compare the other dc trailers and indeed blue beetle has bad like/dislike ratio compared to other trailers with the extension
That's not always the case. There's the famous Howard Stern effect, where radio listeners who reported to hate him actually listened more than his fans.
I don’t think so. I don’t consider anything outside of Flash to be a litmus test. When Superman and Batman brave and bold come out, it’ll give fans an idea about the quality to come in DCU. I don’t expect much from a film that was relegated to streaming but then bumped up to theaters. It likely will be okay at the least, with upside. Fans just need a consistent stream of quality to have faith in smaller characters.
How so? :)
install some kind of viewyoutubedislike app, u can search it up
I'm pretty sure its not the case here
Wut?
Yet, you’re going to support the flash? Lol.
So you don't support most movie companies then
I can see where you're coming from. I'll continue to watch the DCU movies, and who knows, maybe I enjoy the new universe. But the DCEU being canceled has def lessened my passion for DC.
The company that did that is not the same company releasing this movie. WBD is a completely different organization and set of execs than the WB in charge during the Snyder and Hamada times.
I want you to Google what grass is and find some nearby. Then I want you to go outside and touch it.  It's a throwaway line from a trailer. Batman is going to survive this.
It seems to have about 90% positive response. Which is good if you are hoping for this movie to do well (at least the first weekend).
Okay, that was hilarious though since Arrow was pretty much not allowed to say the name "Batman" for years.
I didn't like the trailer. But I admit I didn't watch the whole thing (only the first 45 seconds). So I didn't hear anything about Batman. I just didn't find this to look any different than the average superhero movie and I don't really like most of the superhero movies lately.  Also, I didn't click the dislike button.   Considering the trailer is getting generally positive responses, it seems normal that about 10% wouldn't like the trailer. That seems a normal amount of people who wouldn't resonate with any given thing really. I really doubt that there's anything political going on in the like to dislike ratio. I think it's just a matter of personal taste. Some people like some things, others like other things.
Is not about "right-wing grifters" is about insulting an iconic DC character that's been around for 85 years.
But it's also keeping people talking about it. I can't remember an end-of-trailer bit getting this much attention since Sider-Man showed up in Civil War.  Plus it's kind of a funny line with little context needed.
They say the word Batman twice in the trailer, so you have a 50-50 chance to guess which one
Did no one watch Peacemaker? Nearly every reference to the wider DCEU was something vulgar about a member of the Justice League lol
Comic book characters take a piss out of each other all the time...
didn’t Bat and Supes throw shade at each other in BVS?
DC isn't insulting Batman... That character is. There's a difference.
I mean, you could just watch the trailer. It’s three minutes long…
In Blue Beetle? It's at the very end and the whole thing's only 3 minutes long to begin with. I'd recommend finishing the trailer.
Can you view the dislikes without an extension? As far as I know, the extension only provides an estimate.
The extension is inaccurate. The channel owner can see the likes to dislikes and they’re almost always way off
> the ratio is more or less accurate.  Do we actually know that?
As said as it is to say, the race and tone of the movie probably won't really work in the DCU
How reliable are these plugins? Guess its is not 100% accurate, that's a lot of dislikes :(
Nah I'm gonna go to one last DCEU film. Then ehh I think I'm done. Don't get me wrong I don't hope they fail, because I'm a DC fan but fuck WB.
Haha most movies companies don't own DC comics...a brand I love.
JG could have kept Cavill AND Affleck and Gadot...he chose not to. Even as an Elseworlds.  No. Fuck WB and WBD. Looking forward to Watchung Shazam 2 next week.
JG could have kept Cavill AND Affleck and Gadot...he chose not to. Even as an Elseworlds. So it is a different company fucking over the stars and the fans.  No. Fuck WB and WBD.
You could have said that without insulting me.  It's not about Batman being threatened, and there's nothing "throwaway" about it. It shows characters being oblivious and ignorant about other characters in the same universe. And it is especially detrimental to do it in the vacuum of a small trailer with no room for context.  They could have shown why he feels that way along with him saying that. Or better yet, just not have shown it in the trailer to have people opinions about it in advance.
Well like you said, you didn't like it but you didn't click the dislike button. The ratio for this sort of thing is usually a 90%/10% split because people who don't like something usually just stop watching and don't interact negatively with it, it's the same reason user reviews on movies are usually very high. It only really deviates from that when a hornets' nest of dedicated haters gets kicked.
Do you read comics? Comic book characters shit talk each other all the time. Jesus Christ, man. Pull the stick out of your ass.
Its a more or less stereotypical mexican uncle portrayed by comedian George Lopez, dont get your panties on a bunch.       Everybody has haters in real life, actors, politicians, all celebrities in general. What makes you think a vigilante in real life would not have haters?
Try not to have an aneurysm when a Green Arrow movie comes out
It’s a joke not a dick. I’d recommend not taking it so hard
joke  dʒəʊk  noun  a thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, especially a story with a funny punchline.
Character thoughts are not writer thoughts. The person who insulted Batman is not a real person. And yes, the right wing griftrrs are going nuts over this.
You're taking this far too seriously
None of it is real pal, it literally could not matter less.
Put your energy towards things worth complaining about, you fucking peepeepoo ass diaper baby
Dick eating is insane
Good point, people are talking. But I think they're testing the limits of "no such thing as bad press", and it may or may not come back to bite them.
I think we all know why it was okay for Peacemaker to do it but not George Lopez.
If DC wanted to insult Batman, they would’ve just rereleased Batman & Robin
I'm not using extension. I am using different app, but the numbers seems in line. They're probably pulling the number from the same source though. I thought the dislike API was closed in January?
You mean really close.
Interesting, I found otherwise. Can you link to where you found that info?
> How accurate much of this data remains over the long term depends on how many people use and contribute their data. **Tech YouTube channel LinusTechTips compared its own counts with counts supplied by the extension and found that they were mostly accurate.**  Source: https://www.howtogeek.com/777886/how-to-see-dislikes-on-youtube-again/  >
I don't understand.
Care to clarify why race would be an issue?
idk, but i see that the josstice league trailer wb released after the syndercut was announced got a lot more dislikes than likes, so it's somehow accurate?
It's only 10% dislikes. That's really not that bad.
We better not see you in here a few years from now then. Practice what you preach  and all that.
Good riddance
> You could have said that without insulting me.  That wouldn't have been as fun though.  > It's not about Batman being threatened, and there's nothing "throwaway" about it.  I didn't say he was threatened and I doubt this line will be crucial to the plot if it makes it to the final cut.  > It shows characters being oblivious and ignorant about other characters in the same universe.  If we're gonna overanalyze this shit then, how do you think the average person is gonna react to Batman, an urban myth just a few in-universe years earlier, spending years beating, branding, crippling, and potentially murdering low level offenders while coddling murderers like the Joker?  Ya think it's reasonable to not have a high opinion of him just because he drove everyone else to a big fight once?  > And it is especially detrimental to do it in the vacuum of a small trailer with no room for context.  It really feels like this line is getting the Streisand Effect. Like, the average person isn't going to notice and remember that line until someone starts whinging about it.  > They could have shown why he feels that way along with him saying that  Or it's a throwaway line and shouldn't matter all that much in the grand scheme of things except to people with way too much time on their hands?  > Or better yet, just not have shown it in the trailer to have people opinions about it in advance.  Would you really have felt better if they dropped the line? Would your opinion be massively different if they didn't "emasculate" poor little Batman?
Ok, I'll go click dislike on the videos just so there will be at least one person who clicked dislike who is not a "right wing grifter".
Lmao 🤣😂🤣🤣
Devastating burn.
Good question, I don't know.
So again its just based on the users of that extension so on a large scale its impossible to know accuracy, as that article said over and over.
This movie will bomb just like SHAZAM did. People are tired of these corny movies made for children. DC will figure it out one day.
The fandom...the fandom and I mean this in the most general sense lol they got mad over the Batman line from the trailer
No. Like I said I WILL WATCH THEM, but I won't PAY to watch them. So I'll still be here.
Oh no! I'm offended! Whatever mate.
Yes, to the last question.
Idk, going this far out of your way to deny their existence makes it seem pretty likely you are one too
It was tested against the real numbers and the extension's estimates were found to be mostly accurate. So compared against the reception on other social media platforms (positive), we can assume the extension's estimates of dislikes for the BB trailer videos can be considered accurate enough to conclude the trailer has gotten positive reception on youtube as well.
We'll see. I tend to not like like most of the superhero movies anymore. But we will have to wait and see how the market responds. My guess is that BB will make a good opening weekend. After that, it all depends on if its a good movie or not.
Comic books are for children, grow tf up
But that was a joke about Batman being facist. Nothing to do with race
Oh shit well if you’re too broke to afford to pay you can just say that. No need to make a big speech about leaving.
And this is why you need to touch grass.
You're missing what I'm saying lol it's fine
Nah I'm just holding on to my money.
Nah, I think I'll stay inside.
Right. Which is why we asked what you meant by race
Because what you're saying makes no sense.
“Wink” “Wink”
I didn't want to flat out say racism would be at the forefront of how this movie is viewed...
Hehe
Is this a Dark Knight reference?
He dumped beer on Clark.
I was thinking *Man of Steel* but this ain't wrong!
Ohhhhh right, right, right.
Nice. You got your wish!
Hhahaha nice! 🙌
Yay, I get to see a guy who sorta looks like me in what's most likely a mediocre movie...
Yes! Four years was not a long wait.
But Wonka comes out that week. I’m confused
Unless they move the Wonka movie, wich comes out on the 15th, It's a bad strategy from Warner Brothers.
Good move. Take more advantage of the schools Christmas break
DC Board: Lets release Aquaman on Christmas Day, there will be queues out the door then because everyone will be off work and school. What else is are people doing  that day? Nothing thats what! Guaranteed opening day millions.  Entire DC Staff: Emmm....
Good move, pun intended.
That’s gonna make a huge difference!
Yep, that will lead to an extra millions
Oh yay! Now the movie is saved! Hallelujah 😇
Oh man I forgot this hasn’t come out yet. Wild. 3 mega budget unreleased flagship franchise movies for a doomed franchise arc. What a shit show.
One of the few cases where such a small move will make a difference lol. No one was going to see Aquaman 2 on *Christmas fucking day*. Now it opens just as schools break up for the holidays.
Can’t wait til The Flash releases, this & Shazam just feel like it won’t lead to anything. Every movie doesn’t have to lead to something but in this connected universe it’s supposed to. Shazam wasn’t bad btw just felt like it wasn’t necessary (especially the post credit scene)
This changes everything! Anyway...
To avoid Netflix & Zack 🤔🤣
Just move Wonka to November
This movie gonna bomb so hard and I’m here for it:
It really does seem like WB is just trying to dump out as many of the pre-Zaslav projects as humanly possible before this year is up; with little concern for maximizing box office potential. They must be confident (maybe foolishly) of the company's future direction if they are willing to approach 2023 as such a throwaway year.
Where's the trailer tho
So usual business from wb.
Releasing the movie on a day that is not Christmas Day, a day people traditionally DONT go to the cinema.  Gonna be a fucking night and day difference.  Doesnt mean Aquaman will do any better than BA or Shazam 2. It just means DC isnt kneecapping the movies chances on its first day anymore.  Well potentially. The release window they moved it back into is very full and has some strong contenders opening at the same time.
Why can’t movies just be good or bad without regard to whether they ‘lead to’ something
If you still believe The Flash will have any pay off you are delusional.  There no tie in to the new DCU as no one has been cast yet.  Miller is finished with DC and probably Hollywood in general.
/s?
🤣true
Burn!!
Uhh you know there's a big population of people that DO go to the movies on Christmas right?
“Every movie doesn’t have to lead to something but in this connected universe it’s supposed to.”  Shazam isn’t really good or bad, it’s pretty mediocre. If a movie is good I don’t really care if it leads to something, I’m actually upset that Joker is getting a sequel tbh lol but joker isn’t in a connected universe showing bs post credit scenes.
The movie will definitely lead to whatever the new DCU will look like but I agree about ezra. Good riddance, gonna be a great day when he’s recasted.
Yeah people keep saying stuff like "The Flash is technically the first film in the DCU" or "you should at least see The Flash to see how the DCU begins."  It ain't happening. Like you said, they don't even have any of the major roles cast yet, and no fucking way did they film a new ending showing Miller's Barry ending up in their brand new universe. Not while the actor is surrounded by a shitstorm of troubles that could potentially continue into the future.
Yea, its not like Zacks Rebel Moon on Dec 22 will have any effect on their movie. I was just joking. The only thing effecting DC's box office is DC themselves at this point.
Yes I'm very aware thanks for asking. Since covid the number of people who used to go to the cinema on Christmas day has plummeted and not recovered.   More people go to the cinema in the days leading up to christmas now than pre-covid. Even before Covid the numbers were alreayd below what was being made in the days before.
What is the percentage drop on Christmas day compared to the percentage drop on every other day? The entire box office is down compared to pre covid
Correct me if I’m wrong but I think they mentioned/cameo’d him before the Crisis on infinite earths cross over! But I could be wrong!
I think he can be really terrifying, especially if they do like what they did in Brave and the Bold where he locked away the Outsiders and fed in their emotions and played on their insecurities and that can be properly terrifying.
Imagine the ending of morrsions animal man but in live action and Pyscho pirates brings back every a character from every old and cancelled DC project
He seem like the type of character Gunn would use
Oh I just looked it up, the Arrowverse elseworlds event. Dang I need to go back and rewatch Arrow/Flash. goos call!
He was in a cross over episode with Doctor Destiny. He was meant to be in Crisis but they couldn't figure a way to fit him in so he got cut despite being in the comic I'm pretty sure.
definitely! compelling suspense could also reduce their cgi budgets 😅 this type of ploy was really interesting to watch in the marvel Jessica Jones show following the Purple Man. Maybe they could use that story with the Titans
His mask is also in season 7 of flash possessing different characters
I loved Jessica Jones and really feel like they hit the nail on the head with castings. Not just saying that because I'm a Whovian, but Tennant killed it as Killgrave and I like how they didn't go full purple with him as they wouldn't have matched the show but instead went a more subtle route with it, there is a time and place for comic accuracy in the designs, but that was not it.
Yuck
Just the classic one.
I want the Superman Returns classic logo it’s sleek but maybe tweak it a bit like the MoS logo to make it slightly more alien like
The Fleischer Superman logo
The classic s one that looks basically like this font: s
I'm pretty sure Gunn will make it a point to have the symbol and costume be created by his mom, so it'll likely look more like the older stuff.
"It's a symbol on my planet that means 'nope'.  Oh oh, yours, too?"
This isn’t the Kingdom Come emblem is it?  I really love the S on his black suit.
This
Gunn is probably as good a choice as anyone for the creative side but the fact so many movies were already finished but unreleased really hamstrung the whole process.
Not particularly interested. Swamp Thing was the only thing that piqued my interest, outside of that I just can’t seem to care.   Most of it stems from a segment of the fandom no doubt will be dragging Snyder once the new Superman comes out, most likely based off of the most superficial reading s of the character. And I’m just tired at this point.
I think I won't like funny, bright DC movies. It will looks loke marvel. None of his films are my favourite. I don't think I will be fans of DCU. But, if it means success for DC, then it's great. Maybe my taste for movies just different from most people.
I like how he's included obscure characters like Creature Commandos, The Authority and Swamp Thing. These are very interesting characters. Authority especially is something I'm really excited for. There are a couple stories I think they'll adapt with The Authority and Superman (not spoiling it) so hopefully everything goes well.
I think there’s too many projects & too many lesser known characters, he should focus on building confidence with the popular characters first.
I’m excited to see who directs the authority and brave and the bold. For the authority if the rumors are true and it is Matthew Vaughn, I wonder if they’d go full r rated because it could be a risk but I’m open to his DCU in general
Couldn't care less. In all the years fans were waiting we could've gotten a satisfying conclusion to the story ZSJL was setting to. I'm going into this new DC with 0 interest. It's up to them to make me care. And so far they haven't done anything to make me care. Black Adam was generic and boring if that's what I can expect moving forward, I'm done
I’ve definitely established a solid opinion off of the entirety of nothing that has been released so far
Sounds like a mess. Marvel has its fans talking about future storylines and anticipating where the story is going to go. DC has its fans simply trying to make sense of the baffling and inconsistent canon, with Gunn's announcements only adding to the confusion, not clearing it up. If people don't understand the very basics of your story line, they aren't going to see your movies.
I think it's a travesty that JG didn't roll forward with Snyders heroes because Blue Beetle would have fit in to the DCEU, the way Shazam did.  Now Blue Beetle will be on the same level as Superman as a neophyte hero.  I'll watch them, but WB will not be getting any more money from me.
The Original Projects not tied to the DCEU? Great. On board 100%.  The DCEU holdovers like Waller? Eh. I've said it again and again, I really would prefer a full, clean slate reboot.
Ambivalent tbh  Now, to be upfront I'm not the biggest Gunn fan, Gunn-head, but I'm fine with the majority of his films, give or take, and I like how overall his movies feel like his movies, which is something I'm always in favor of, so that's nice.  But I'm personally not looking forward to the reboot for two reasons:    1. Not a huge fan of having to get reinvested in new characters and a new universe, but it is what it is and I'll probably (assuming I like the stuff) get used to it. besides that was kind of part of Snyder's plan, so if that had continued then we would have had a reboot anyway. So 🤷    2. My main issue is the excess of content. I've said this numerous times before, but I checked out of the MCU once I saw that slate of movie, show, movie, show, movie, show, movie, show. And I don't particularly like TV series to begin with (with some exceptions), so if you announce like 5 to 10 shows, in my head I'm thinking every show is like 8 episodes, meaning 8 hours, so 8 * 10 is 80 hours, and I'm exhausted thinking about having to watch that much to just keep up with a cinematic universe.     Anyways, sorry. Rant over
I know for sure that Superman: Legacy is gonna be great. If we're lucky the rest of the projects will be just as good.
The announced slate was poor and many of the projects do not seem like a cohesive lineup for a first chapter of a new DC universe. A full reboot with a clean slate would have been the smartest move also, cherry-picking what Gunn likes from the DCEU is just going to complicate things even more. You can't build from a broken foundation, you have to demolish to build something new.
Not much to go on yet.   I like some of the writers he has in the room. I like the slate's variety. I like that he's a full on comic book reader and hasn't *only* seen the classic films or only read half a dozen classic runs. I like what he's said about storytelling and screenwriting (!!!) being the main component of their creative drive.   I think the creative aspect is in good hands.
Not incorporating The Batman may be the single worst creative choice I've seen in years BUT i don't blame that on him.   I do think his choices for the first few films feel all over the place. I think just doing the basic JL members would've allowed for a more coherent and easier to follow feel for the GA. That said, i'm thrilled for what he's got. Woman of Tomorrow is a truly terrific comic, Swamp Thing should be dope, Superman Legacy is sounding great, etc.   That said... Lanterns as a show is a H O R R I B L E and i mean truly fucking horrendous idea. A big reason Marvel is spiraling is making tv shows essential viewing. It completely turns the GA off. It's beyond puzzling they'd introduce the two big lanterns and important JL members in a fucking show and not a movie.
Yeah, that is my view as well. People compared the Snyder movies to the MCU which was unfair imo b/c the MCU was far more cartoonish and kid-friendly. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it was clear from Man Of Steel that whatever the DC movies were doing, it was not "PEW PEW PEW, bright colors, punching out faceless aliens/robots, having a quippy laugh and the ending is happy". The absolute carnage in Metropolis felt so much more real than the end scene of Avengers. You know people died in Metropolis. You felt it.  The storylines aren't as simple, the violence is far more real, the characters have more layers. Again, I love a simple feel good comic movie, I really do, but I also loved what Snyder did with his three films as well.  If Gunn moves to the MCU tone , I'm sure the movies will be pretty good, the first guardians was good even if the second one was pretty much filler. It still had funny scenes and dialogue but I'm going to miss the more adult tone of the Snyderverse.
The storyline…didnt start yet?
Superman isn't going to be a neophyte in Gunn's reboot though? He's a younger Superman, not a new Superman. In fact, Gunn's \~25 year old Superman will actually be MORE experienced than Henry in MoS despite him being 33 there, because Henry only became Superman in MoS, whereas Gunn's film will have him as Superman for a few years already. If anything, Gunn's Superman is LESS of a neophyte.
its 10 projects in like 3 years so it really isnt that much, thats like 3-4 a year, considering that some are shows it sounds like a well balanced plan.
Why doesn't it seem like a cohesive line up in your opinion? Superman, The Authority, Batman, Lanterns, Supergirl, Waller alone have obvious connections.  Paradise Lost and Swamp thing can connect to everything. Booster Gold possibly to Blue Beetle.  Creature Commandos I don't know much about.  This is just face value of course. Other than the obvious that they're a part of a now cohesive plan to tell a story over the issues so are connected.
they’re barely saving anything from the old verse. MAYBE aquaman and blue beetle if they both perform, and thats big maybes so you cant be sure
>Superman Legacy is sounding great  What sounds great about it? Honest question. I've only heard the most generic statements about it from Gunn. The most specific thing Gunn said about it is that he sees Superman as a "[big ol' galoot](https://www.slashfilm.com/1183245/james-gunns-superman-is-a-big-galoot-with-one-major-weakness-he-doesnt-want-to-hurt-a-living-soul/)," which Google defines as "a clumsy or oafish person." That sounds like a horrible take on the character. Gunn also said "he doesn't want to harm a living soul," which indicates that he is STILL mired in trying to do the anti-Man of Steel, rather than coming up with a fresh, unique take. Superman's mantra has never been "not wanting to harm people." He wants to save people. He doesn't wake up and think, "how can I not harm anyone today?" It's Gunn STILL trying to apologize for Superman killing Zod in MOS, which no one cares about or is focused on anymore, and which has been canon already in the Reeve movies and Byrne comics. WB has spent the last 7 years trying to "react" to the criticism of Snyder's films, and all that serves as is a substitute for them coming up with their own original thoughts and inspiration.
Sure, but remember Gunn also said he has more to announce
It doesn't seem like a cohesive lineup because there's no proper build up to a larger story or logical connections between the movies. The biggest mistake was introducing The Authority right after Superman Legacy. That film that should've either been set in its own elseworlds universe, since it's a darker and "edgier" Justice League, or it should've taken place after the establishment of the JL.  What Gunn should've done was come out strong with movies about versions of Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern in Chapter 1 to slowly get people interested and invested, and then branch out into lesser known characters once they've built up trust and brand loyalty with the audience, but he is literally jumping the gun and bringing in characters like The Authority and Booster Gold this early. Imo, Gunn's focus on that type of characters and what he enjoys isn't gonna speak to the general audience, who are so burned out by superhero movies and see DC as a joke outside of Batman.
What on Earth sounds cohesive about that to you? MCU had a super-cohesive phase 1. Intro each Avenger, and then team them up. Snyderverse had a cohesive plan. Introduce the most popular DC characters through a mix of both solo and team-up movies. Gunn's lineup sounds as random as it gets.
They've already said EVERYTHING might carry over into the DCU except for Batman and Superman.
yeah but they also announced the whole plan after marvel’s overcrowded and middling phase 4, so they probably knew people were thinking there’s too many projects. i trust gunn to know not to release 5 shows and 3 movies a year, those other unannounced projects must be more long term yk?
Cohesion means things that they are working together/united or stick together. All the announced projects are connected. There is a build up to a larger story. You not knowing what the story is does not mean that there isn't one. We're not supposed to know yet, just as we don't know the end of a new story before it's out.If we do what's the point? Also any fan of comics can come up with a number of ways to connect Superman to Batman/ Supergirl/ Swamp thing/ Lanterns etc. It's frequently done. There's even a comic called Superman and the Authority..  We have however been told that they are making an 8-10 yr story of connected projects that tell an over arching story. Gunn went so far as to say in Lanterns Hal and John (heavy hitters and very popular characters by the way) will discover the mystery that they're exploring.   He's coming out strong with a rebooted Superman, Batman and introducing Lanterns in Chapter 1 (you know the top characters the studio has. Why are you dismissing this?). The only character that isn't there from your list is WW. Though she is in spirit with Paradise Lost. Also we only know less than half of Chapter 1. WW will be reintroduced into Chapter 1 be it Gal or someone else. I definitely believe that a JL film will end chapter 1.   Also imo introducing elements like The Authority allows for a different type of story telling early on which is far more interesting and may avoid the burnout you mentioned. Above all they need to be good projects which is what people care about general audiences and fans alike.  You not liking something does not mean it's not cohesive. All the projects are working together to tell Gunns story.
I don't expect logic from you when it comes to anything DC that isn't Snyder tbh. So that's fine. But if in the off chance you're genuinely asking. Everything? I'm a fan of DC and comics.   Let's use your example of MCU phase 1. We know less than half of DCs Chapter 1. You said that the MCU introduced each avenger in solos and Snyder introduced the most popular characters first.  Gunn is doing Superman (might have heard of him a little popular), Batman (not that popular I guess), Lanterns Hal AND John (also I guess not popular?) alone in the first half of Phase 1. 3 core Justice League members. (I assume both Lanterns won't be on the team together). It's also stated that Lanterns will uncover a threat that feeds into the over arching story they're telling. So not only of course Lanterns connects to everything these are JL members. As for other JL members we'll see what happens with Flash, Aquaman and WW eventually. (Especially if the rumoured JL Frontier is true) Not confirmed but Paradise Lost will give some information about WW.  I assume I don't have to explain how Superman, Batman and WW would be connected? Or Supergirl to Superman especially if they're doing Woman of Tomorrow? If you haven't however you should check out the comic is really really good.  Waller is also connected to creature commandos and well Waller has connections with the JL. (Even with Snyder's era that was evident by proxy through Batman).   There is actually a comic called Superman and the authority. Though some rumours are they might make them the elite instead which would be interesting, but again rumours not confirmed. Booster Gold maybe connected to Blue Beetle? Swamp thing has limitless possibilities and that is exciting to bring in the magical side of DC Etrigan and JLD etc.  The most important part of this. Is that just like the MCU phase 1 and all unreleased stories...they full connections and surprises are revealed in time. Anyone who has read comics knows the potential for these characters to connect. Why would you know all the connections before we even have castings for the projects or have even seen them? This is so odd. Right now to me it's very cohesive.
Sure maybe, but again, personally it just feels excessive. Like you could tell me Game of Thrones is amazing, and I'm probably never going to watch it because just thinking about how many hours I'd have to go through just gives me so much anxiety that I'll just avoid it. 😬  Like I had never seen the MCU and if you were to ask me to watch it from the beginning I'd probably say no, because it's like 30 movies and shows, and all i see is 200 hours.  And also, remember they want to replicate what Disney is doing, heck WB is even rebooting Harry Potter into a series with each book being a season.
>You not knowing what the story is does not mean that there isn't one. We're not supposed to know yet,   We also didn't know what the story was when they announced the [original DCEU slate](https://www.reddit.com/r/DC_Cinematic/comments/ujfd1x/what_are_your_thoughts_on_the_original_dceu_slate/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button) back in 2014. The thing is, there were movies that featured each of the JL members + two  unnamed projects (which were apparently the Batfleck solo film and a MoS 2). Snyder had later pitched a JL 3 to go along with JL 2 as well. It just felt like things were integrated and building to something, which also helped keep the grosses consistent between all the movies. And, just like the MCU did, it focused on the top characters the studio had, for the most part.  >We have however been told that they are making an 8-10 yr story of connected projects that tell an over arching story  That's another mistake. The MCU focused on making one good film first, not planning epic ten-year plans right out of the gate. Gunn should've done the same with Superman: Make one good Superman film and go from there. It really feels like he is putting the cart before the horse.  >WW will be reintroduced into Chapter 1 be it Gal or someone else. I definitely believe that a JL film will end chapter 1.   She shouldn't be reintroduced in an animated series. She's part of the trinity, she shouldn't be relegated to the small screen.  >Also imo introducing elements like The Authority allows for a different type of story telling early on which is far more interesting and may avoid the burnout you mentioned  There's nothing wrong with introducing obscure characters and elements, but you first have to get people actually interested and invested in your universe. Ever since they abandoned the original slate, the only DC movies that have made bank are two elseworlds Batman and Joker films, which are two incredibly famous characters that automatically come with a high floor at the box office, because there simply isn't any amount of DCEU "franchise goodwill". When Marvel started the MCU they didn't do Eternals or Shang-Chi right after Iron Man 1, they did Hulk, Thor and Cap because those were the top characters they could use at the time. In the end they had built enough trust and brand loyalty that people were willing to give any film they made a chance, hence why D-List characters like the Guardians could become household names. The DCU, however, is trying to replicate the situation of GoTG and Suicide Squad without building brand goodwill first.
So they are cohesive but you're just nitpicking and contradicting yourself because you don't like what has been announced. Which is perfectly fine of course. You are free to like what you want. On one hand you mentioned that it wasn't cohesive and not building to anything. That was a problem to you. Now that you admit that they're building to something, that's also a problem. A clear 8-10 yr plan is also a mistake because it's too cohesive and commits to something. Which do you want?  To you Superman, Batman and Lanterns Hal and John aren't top characters for some reason. Hal and John also are going to discover what the main threat is. They're focusing on core characters them. I mention this again as you keep dismissing them. I don't understand which DC characters are bigger than core JL members. Also as we know less than half of Phase 1 has been announced. We're getting a Flash film in June and Aquaman in December, it makes sense that they hold off on announcing them in a new slate now. Also each member of the Avengers did not have a film and were also introduced in other movies. The same can happen with references and introductions into these announced projects. Again we just know project names which is fine for the beginning and the announcement of a slate. We actually know more compared to what DC originally announced and how Marvel announces their slates iirc.  We also do not know how the Wonder Woman animated series fits into things or if it fits into things. This does not mean this will be her introduction. That is just speculation at this time.  Also variety is good. We'll see how the general audiences respond to them. Outside possibly the Trinity, the other characters would be relatively obscure and D list to them anyway. I agree 100% with you having good films is the most important. Having good films while planning a major story aren't mutually exclusive. And I'm sure if he didn't say they were connected you'd not only have a problem with that and say that they're not cohesive, and also wonder why should you waste your time with unconnected films. (As some are saying about the next 3 films for example) The general audiences also seem to like the idea of a large connected story. It was a good idea so set that up now.  Your issue is probably that it's Gunn and not Snyder. You mentioned that Snyder LATER pitched a JL 2 and JL 3 to go along with the initial slate. We know less than half of Phase 1. This is the FIRST announcement.
>Now that you admit that they're building to something,   I never did, I just said they have a slate of "epic ten-year plans", which is true, but that doesn't mean that they'll be building towards something. Look at phase 4 of the MCU.   >To you Superman, Batman and Lanterns Hal and John aren't top characters for some reason.  Again, I never said that. What I said was that they aren't making movies about all of them, when they should imo, because they are the top characters DC has and are too popular to be relegated to the small screen. The cinematic universe fad is starting to die out and casual audiences see DC as a joke outside of Batman, so the smartest movie would've been to start do a Superman movie, see how it does financially and then start planning other things, but Gunn and his team are too overconfident that the obscure characters will be successful.   >We'll see how the general audiences respond to them.  If Shazam, who had a previous film during the peak of the genre's popularity, is struggling to outgross Morbius, how much will Swamp Thing or The Authority make at the box office? Build your foundations before branching out.
Ah so we're in the land of semantics.  From no cohesion to committing to cohesion too quickly. To you saying that an 8-10 yr story as stated by Gunn, of connected properties isn't building to anything. But for some reason it means that wont be the case because...you feel so. Right. They are building to something that's not even an opinion.  Batman and Superman (and all the JL members)will be on film. And the plan is for all characters to move across all aspects of the media. So GL will be in a film as well. They just have a series announced right now. Imagine how wild it would be if at the end of let's say Superman: Legacy the post credit scene is Hal and John exploring on earth. Obviously speculation but just like the current trailers encouraging people to read comics, this would be nice way to connect them.  About Marvel and also it's phase 4, Gunn actually said quite recently actually, that the benefit he has in this DCU is that it is a planned connection from day 1. (Still no cohesion/ connection/ building to something apparently based on your definition).He also mentioned that telling stories in the current space of the MCU is difficult because of the blip and other factors that came before.   Shazam and Antman BOTH failed in different aspects. Antman also had a film and was a major player 'during the peak of the genre's popularity'. Films need to be better and marketed/ supported properly among other things.  You mean how much will Swamp thing and the authority make when they release AFTER Superman and other DC projects? If Superman is great and sparks interest they will do fine as well. Great films are the most important thing to revitalise DCs film space.   Though as I suspect this conversation is going nowhere.
