They were banging before the cameras even got there.  Phyllis thought she was the first to know lol
Wow good find, never even caught that 🥰
Thanks!
Well although we could get creative, Angela did explicitly voice support about the note: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1248752/characters/nm0278979  As for who made the mess, probably Kevin or maybe Andy (but I doubt it)
I always assumed Pam wrote both notes.
but angela says after that scene “Everyone keeps asking me if I wrote the note on the microwave. It was rude and condescending, and a little snotty [sighs]  Angela Martin : I wish I had written it.” i originally thought Meredith because she has a kid but i realized in that link she voices her disapproval also
hm i think Angela was talking about the original note on the microwave when she said she wishes she had written it. Not the other note that backed Pam up afterwards. She could have written that one
She was good in Florida and good after she stopped being manager. I just didn't enjoy the manager bit.
Nellie has some of my favorite lines in the series, like “ I have, uh, written down a few questions. One, have you ever killed a woman? How many women have you killed? Please, sir, will you not kill me?”, “Oh, get out, skeleton man!”, and “I see you've discovered Benjamin. That's what I call my box full of photos of Henry.”
I came to really like her character but when I first saw her steal the manager's job I was kind of annoyed. And impressed.
I loved her as well. There wasn't a character I didn't like to be honest, they all had good moments
I have saw many extended episodes of the office to say that, Nellie has the best monologues in the series.
Nah, if you look through these posts you’ll see a bunch of us. I absolutely loooove Nellie from Tallahassee on.
I liked Nellie. She had some funny moments and I love what she did to Andy since I hate him
This  post brought to you by Toby.
I loved her
I didn’t like her at first that’s for sure, but I really felt for her during her adoption arc, and andy was so mean towards the end that it made her more sympathetic to me
She's funny! Just give in to the reductions that is the office
I loved Nellie too and I don’t care who knows it. I you and I are the only ones with any taste around here.
Love Nellie
This post is proof that opinions can  be incorrect
Other than Florida, the character was trash
I really love Nellie, except for the manager part
Yeah
Very well acted, because I hate this woman with every fiber of my being.   10/10 character in my book
Yes
Honestly one of my favorites.
I agree completely
That last line makes me laugh out loud every single time.
Lady, you never stop surprising me.
I love Nellie, Gabe, Dwight Jr. *and* Plop.
same, but i love the andy and erin storyline that came out of it
I would say no. I don’t think he intended on feeling the way he did at the roast at all, I think that he thought that the roasts wouldn’t be so harsh, that they would be surrounded with some love as well, and that he personally could take it. I think he only came up with and wrote down all those roasts the next day (during his day off feeding the birds) or during that night
What do you think he planned to say in his original speech?
actually i think i’m wrong, maybe he did plan on roasting them after they roasted him. check this out. “When it comes time for him to roast his employees, Michael ends up storming out of the warehouse, visibly upset”  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stress_Relief_(The_Office)
**[Stress Relief (The Office)](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stress_Relief_\(The_Office\))**     >"Stress Relief" is a two-part episode of the American comedy television series The Office. It constitutes the fourteenth and fifteenth episodes of the fifth season, and the 86th and 87th overall episodes of the series. Both episodes were directed by Jeffrey Blitz and written by Paul Lieberstein, who also plays Toby Flenderson on the show. In this episode, Dwight stages a fire in the office to test the office's fire safety skills, but things go from bad to worse when Stanley suffers a heart attack, causing Michael to come up with ways to relieve stress in the office, including a comedic roast of himself.   ^([ )[^(F.A.Q)](https://www.reddit.com/r/WikiSummarizer/wiki/index#wiki_f.a.q)^( | )[^(Opt Out)](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiSummarizerBot&message=OptOut&subject=OptOut)^( | )[^(Opt Out Of Subreddit)](https://np.reddit.com/r/DunderMifflin/about/banned)^( | )[^(GitHub)](https://github.com/Sujal-7/WikiSummarizerBot)^( ] Downvote to remove | v1.5)
I love that from parks and rec
Straight face Mike
Most of it is simply time. Network TV wants the show to be 21 minutes and NBC only granted them longer "super sized" episodes a few times.  If they were on HBO/streaming, they could just make the episode 25-40 minutes as needed, like many current comedies do.
I literally only watch the Superfan episodes now and I be laughing even harder. I really don’t see why some of the stuff didn’t make the cut!
It fills in a lot of blanks
Have you noticed how many clips show Phyllis as being really mean? It makes me see her in a new light!
very true!
im only on season 1 and its amazing what didnt make it. lot of great content!
I will do some research.
I could worship that if it means lifting a curse..
Can't wait until we get the head of a walrus with the body of a sea lion
Isn't this a charity for bat birth control?
I mean I like it, but the best episode? no lol
A good episode. Some pretty great scenes. But middle of the pack for me.   I won’t skip it, but I also wouldn’t make it a point to go straight to it.
It’s not even a top 5 episode The injury, Dinner Party, Casino Night, Stress Relief, Goodbye Toby, Michael’s last Dundee’s and a few of the Christmas episodes.
Best episode is subjective.   If YOU like it, cool, YOU like it. But it doesn’t make it the best episode.   The best episode will change from person to person, hell, even the same person but after gone through stuff.   But if you want to say it’s the most popular, it’s not it either.   Sorry.   There, I’m pretty sure I proved you wrong 😂
Best lines are from Gossip
Not really! But if it’s your Favorite then it’s your Favorite.
Gp about dinner party
Afaik Meredith smokes, once she mentions getting back to smoking to have more breaks, and when Pam brings lice to the office a pack of cigarettes is one of her requests from the store. I don't think these timelines coincides with season 4 tho
Also, is that a smutty magazine above the tank?
I've watched the office like a million times but only this time i noticed this.  &#x200B;  Season 4 - Ep.11
Someone who saves lives
Match sticks to light the candles.  Those are sticks in the ashtray not cigarette butts.
Oh shit mb. But then... Why are there candles in the cubicle lol?
When Dwight's desk gets moved into the bathroom, Kevin comes out with a candle presumably for the poop smell.
In a previous episode you can see Kevin using a candle in the bathroom.  Some offices do this too cover up the "I just dropped a mean deuce" smell
Human feces, much like animal feces, stink
Yup, and there is also a time Dwight says "light a match" in the bathroom but I forgot to who
Date Mike...nice to meet me! 🥴😉
The woust paut about prison… was the DEMENTOUS!!! They were flyin around and they’d come down and suck the soul outta ya. And it HOIT!!!
‘The women in my improve class absolutely hate him’
Orville Tootenbacher
Michael Klump
PING
Clean up on aisle 5.
How do you like your eggs in the morning
Harrow!
That's the point of a cold open. It is almost never mentioned or referred to in the rest of the episode
Well that aspect of the show, in my opinion, should have been boiling hot.   Also, curious on your name. I’m sure it’s got an interesting backstory
Pam mentioning Toby being cute. Twice. Poor guy might just end it all right there.
If Bernadette ever watched it she would know that Pam breastfed her baby in the hospital.
Debbie Brown being blamed and fired for the watermark incident.
Gil would find out that Oscar is gay.
David Wallace finding put Michael Scott paper company was really broke.
Prince Family Paper will be pissed to see that Dwight was the guy who shut down their company.
Holly finding out Michael cut a sleeve off her jumper and that he put Dear Michael on a memory stick and let Pam read it .
That Dwight and Angela were having an affair.    …oh wait
No way that would be shown in the Doc in there universe. Remember not everything that we saw would make the Final Cut. Like Andy dating a HS Student
The film crew should of went to the mill and got Debbie her job Back and just explained it was not her fault.
Hello, it looks like you've made a mistake.  It's supposed to be could've, should've, would've (short for could have, would have, should have), never could of, would of, should of.  Or you misspelled something, I ain't checking everything.  Beep boop - yes, I am a bot, don't botcriminate me.
Would’ve been better as WLLHUNG
bro tryna flex
Should've got a Sebring
It’s Brittney, bitch.
Dave drives a Corvette, he is doin just fine!
HELL OF A CAR! please move those golf clubs im getting anxiety over here! pad the corner!
All I gotta say is that garage is clean as hell.  I live in an apartment but my landlord, who is a friend, and my parents have their garage filled with all sorts of random shit.
Dude, you are so money. But you dot even know it. But you do.
Bonus points for the car michael Wish he drove
Those cars look cartoonish to me.
I just care about the Tennessee banner on the wall. GBO!
Awesome car, hilarious plate, and the best of flags.
With that kind of car you need a three car garage my friend!
C8, The Office, and a Vols flag… you and I would get along just fine.
Now I want an Office themed vanity plate
Can you get a Scranton dealer license plate holder?
GO VOLS
That's so cool, man!  Quick question: What do you do for a living?
Dude that car looks sick
Go Vols!
Go Vols!!
Is this a clever way to advertise TNVacation.com?
GBO.
are you the calling cards guy?? you drive a corvette
So I guess your favorite ceason is C8?
*sees flag misses Knox*
Michael spoon fbi
Flex
GBO BABY
Haha. That plate is awesome!
Such a cool car and a even cooler license plate!
The Lizard King also drove a Vette
Def about the car
GBO!
Bro that car is fucking awesome
Does anyone ask you if you like William Hung?!
I considered it, but I'm just not that big of a William Hung fan to be honest.
Definitely posted to show off the car. Lol.
With that size garage though? No offense I don’t even have a garage but seems like OP made a questionable financial decision here.
Heck of a motor carriage
A ridiculous choice for this climate
The Sebring by Chrysler and convertible PT cruiser were unfortunately unavailable when I looked. Way too much sex appeal for me anyways!
Yeah this mf has a nice car and he has literal blocks of iron a few feet away
Thanks 😂 I've gotta fit two cars in there so space is limited but my attic looks like a hoarders nest 😂😂
Lmao he knows it
Michael could afford this after working for DM for 130 years
I’ve always called corvettes plastic pigs
I'm a VFL! GBO!
Go Vols..!!
https://www.ebay.com/itm/115743342569
He’s a bank teller
GBO!
Who is that?! *Why do people keep saying that??*
Tbh this would still be funny even on a 99 civic
Barely fits both my cars. Definitely skimped on not getting the 2+1 the garage to be under budget and also have a mid-life crisis car. 🤣
Take it back
Trailer Park Ferrari is the usual term I hear. 🤣🤣
GBO
VAWLS
Ryan says to always tell girls you work in finance.
Hey you do you man. Nice ride regardless. Whoever’s going around downvoting everyone are a bunch of tight wads.
Fuck that’s good
I thought people downvoting the Vols flag is hilarious I was here expecting all the new balance and Todd Packer jokes 🤣🤣
I’m a Gator fan and do not downvote Tennessee. I downvote Alabama though. Fuck Alabama. Most entitled fanbase ever
What a pair of Marys
Yeah who knows.
My Tigers got beat by Tennessee after both of us lost to Carolina. I like my orange bros. But fuck Bama!
Jim likes em dorky...it's probably his fetish....weirdo...
Then they drove back to Weiner Hall.
Nah, you were right the first time. It's dorky.
Well Jim himself is a bit dorky. He just likes finding someone who understands that and can goof off with him.
Jim dorky? IDK, i think Dwight's calling him a jock hipster is an apt analysis...
Ok I feel very super dumb but who is that??
Damn it, Pam! Get out!
Pam Pam Pam Pam Pam Pam Pam.....   (Big love was a fantastic watch)
Your not a liar too are you?
I can't wait to do to Pam, what I just did to Pam...
I can’t wait to do to Pam what we just did to Pam
Ah Pam!
I’ve been rewatching as well! What season is this from?
Ok, I've seen the Office an obscene amount of times and I would NEVER recognize "Pam" in another role. You, sir or madame OP, have my respect.
I’ve been known to bend the truth lmfao
PAM GET OUTTA HERE!!
Whose this?
She looks like the 'Orphan'
Pam Pam Pam....
DAMMIT PAM
How in the hell did you recognize her?
You're not a liar too, are you?
[the other Pam](https://youtu.be/6ZYd7tO4wx4)
Pam, she's been known to bend the truth
I’ve been known to bend the truth
Wow low key I think my office superfan credentials might need to be suspended since I missed that! Luckily I’m finishing my 100th rewatch today so better just start back at S1E1 so I don’t make this mistake again haha
DAMMIT PAM! Get out, right now! LEAVE!
100, congrats on the milestone!
She was definitely flirting w Dwight.
‘I don’t have to wait out Dunder Mifflin, I think I just need to out wait you.’
when he went to pams art exhibit
his heart to heart with jim after wilderness man
Accepting that Holly should move back to Colorado to be with her father.
The pep talk to Pam trying to start Michael Scott Paper Co.
When he gave Jim advice on the boat during the 2nd season. Told him to go for it with Pam bc shes not married yet. Also I think one of his more heartfelt moments ❤️
“Fax? Why don’t you send it on a dinosaur?”
When he finally disciplined Stanley  When he closed the sale in season 2’s The Client
You know what they say.. Keep your friends close.
Pam's art show
Pretty much anytime we see him interact with small children
When he hit meredith 😂
After he gave the doll to Oscar.
In Women's Appreciation when he made wishes for several women at the wishing pool in the mall, and wished for Pam, courage.
he fits right in tbh :)
I read this on a fandom page that it was with Kelly because there was a piece of blue tape that separated their cubicles on the wall that they had to hit on the other players side. I don’t know if that’s the real answer but we played it with the rules that were in the deleted scenes that described it.
It’s early season 2 Kelly though. Really different than even season 3.
From the show though I don’t think we get a definitive answer
Why is Jim treating the magician poorly?
Michael's face gets me all the time
I get a subtle satisfaction out of memes that aren’t grammatically accurate.
If Michael had the powers of Black Bolt, the whole world would be destroyed because no way could he ever keep his mouth shut
He's just having some fun
And everybody thinks he’s a tease
Totally drawing a blank here, when did he go blond?
Yes! Recyclopse!
I had this in maroon for years - it was so choice! Sadly it got a massive hole in the armpit that ripped pretty bad. I have a cool pic of me wearing it in London though!
Haha I have a hoodie with the same design. Love it!
I need this shirt
The Alliance episode
Ha!
Nice!
I got lucky!
Looks pretty Miss-sterious
He's soooo pretty
Such a sensitive soul. Can't drink out of a can that acknowledges someone's existence.
It's European
"It was a weird day. I accidentally cross-dressed."
True alpha male outfit here folks.
I can imagine micheal being proud of it and taken aback at the same time 😂
This is featured close up,in a separate scene earlier.
Cause micheal is the man, he got that cooperate booooty
I figured it probably was but this was the first time I've noticed it which is hilarious to me because I've seen the show 8 trillion times
A trillion times and you just noticed it? 😅   It’s literally the first scene when they come down there, right after Dwight talks about “the others”  Michael looks at it, and is speechless. He was going to say something, sees the face of the doll, then gasps.
Dude why you gotta be like that?
I love inside jokes....I'd love to be a part of one some day.
Holy shit, that's like 5 minutes from my parents' house... may have to swing by this weekend.
Angela is the office’s mattress
I was always sad that he tossed his awesome bobblehead.
Look man… did Angela cheat on Andy with Dwight, yeah.   Did she also use Andy to get back at Dwight in a way and lie about sleeping with him also, sure.   …   Oh there’s no but, just listing a couple things. R.I.P. sprinkles
I still don't understand why Dwight didn't end up with Isabel
I will die on the hill that Angela is the absolute worst character and person on the show
First time I’ve noticed the rear-view spoon taped to Dwight’s monitor lol. I need to pay more attention next watch through lol
Yeah, but I literally never understood Angela’s thought process here. She and Dwight were clearly in love and yeah, he fucked up with Prinkles, but obviously she got through that since they started sleeping together again. It never made sense to me that she wouldn’t immediately drop Andy as soon as Dwight made her choose. Like she didn’t even like Andy. She barely seemed to tolerate him.   Sorry for the rant; that was just always very confusing for me. lol.
One of the best non-comedic written scenes in the show
I find it heartbreaking for Dwight.  He thought she was just punishing him by pretending to like Andy.
Angela….the TRUE office mattress
OMG… I just realized, the wedding cake Andy had ordered was shaped like a sailboat…. Hahahahahaa….. I had never paid attention before. Hahhahhaha… like why? 🤣🤣🤣
Angela took the fast train to philly.
Pretty well written, but "most satisfying moment"? C'mon.
I think it's Dwight's snowball revenge on Jim.
Too bad he one of them ended up with her in the end. Dwight and Isabel
Ruthless.
And then has the nerve to act hurt afterwards.
Kevin over there thinking they just need to all get to know each other in the pot.
Sloots be sloots
Why on earth she chose to sleep with Andy after dodging him for so long, I'll never know
EPIC
Only person I feel bad for was Andy. Dwight knew what he was doing.
Sadly, she doesn’t learn anything from this.
Angela is the Deanna Troi of the office.
Andrea is the office bitch, you'll get used to her.
Erin
she’s the Maegan Hall of the office
Sometimes it's about sending a message.  Angela said she'd pity the loser. Her expression says she found out who lost there.
Did Angela use the senator to 'marry up' (once again, after Andy) and then try to get Oscar killed when her husband cheated? Yeah.  Did she hide the fact that Philip was Dwight's child for an unreasonably long time, depriving the baby of a father who loved him very much? Sure.  R.I.P. Justice
Stop asking yourself easy questions so you can look like a genius!
I just had this same exact thought. He killed her cat and she clearly wasn’t into Andy as much as he was her. Yeah she was wrong but oh well.
Isabel works as a Dental Hygienist and makes love like one.
Because Angela is the hardcore bitch he’s always wanted
Sometimes perfect mates don't end up together. Such as Mose and the Scarecrow
Or that ridiculously hot blonde girl who wanted to "buy an auger" with him and Clarke.  Obviously she was only supposed to be a minor side character and not a serious love interest, but damn she was absurdly attractive.
Love is blind.
People not understanding that attractive girls into Dwight and him being uninterested is a running joke….
She’s a bumpkin
angela and phyllis both fucking suck. i'd rather work with the scranton strangler
Definitely up there. Only competition though might be that Creed is possibly a murdering psychopath
Excuse me, have you heard the things Phyllis has said! She’s a total bitch just to put people down, sex crazy, and power hungry once she got with Bob.
Andy's parents would like a word.
Worse than leaving Phyllis stranded in a bad neighborhood with no phone, no purse, and no money. Forcing her to have walk **miles** back to work?  Worse than setting the office on fire and making all your coworkers think they were gonna die and the panic got so bad for one of them, they had a heart attack all so you could prove a point?  Worse than shooting a gun in the office that could have seriously hurt or killed someone, traumatizing people and damaging one of your coworkers ears?  She cheated on a man. Lied to another on multiple occasions.  None of the things she did are as bad as what Dwight does every day. That’s why they’re perfect for each other.
I would hope that not too many people would fight you on this.
Phyllis is a badder character than Angela
Ryan , Kelly and Phyllis come close.
Not if the bags of shit that is Andy's parents aren't somehow deleted from the show
Have you met Toby? He is everything that is wrong with this world. Did I mention he’s divorced?
She is an irredeemable monster and you cannot convince me otherwise
yeah, there's literally a scene where dwight puts the spoon in his monitor lol
I think it was about the way Dwight gave his ultimatum lol. If i was madly in love with him even then i would have dumped him for that ultimatum lol  And then when he married her by deceiving her. She was admitting her mistake while in the barn but then Dwight fucked up.  They were both fucked up people. This is the reason they make sense together and i love them!
The one shaped like a sailboat.   What a foreshadowing
For me, it’s Michael Scott saying, “I don’t think I have to wait out Dunder Mifflin.  I just have to wait out you.”  Because for much of the show, you wonder how he got put in charge of anything, but then you see moments like that and it’s like, “ohhhh, THAT’S why!”
A few episodes earlier, Andy confesses to Oscar that he hasn't slept with Angela. They drunk dial her. I imagine they had a pretty serious fight about it and it was the least she had to do to keep Andy tethered.
Is Andy or Dwight Ryker?
Bingo. That little hick might as well been called certa
What’s more - she isn’t sad that she did something wrong.  She’s sad because she can’t keep doing it.
Who is Justice Beaver?
WTF?! How/when did she try to have Oscar killed?
Got it
That cat needed to be put to sleep. Not to be the bad guy but from the ailments Angela described she was forcing sprinkles to live past her natural lifespan.   It doesn't even sound like there was any pain management involved it's just veterinarians can't force a person to put their animals to sleep against their will. So you will have people like Angela who try to force out and extend the life of an animal in extreme pain.
She's a bumpkin.
No, you’re blind.
Yeah but Creed is not a dick and Angela is.
Idk, Ryan and Kelly abandoned a literal baby so they could run off, and make each other miserable after a solid 3.8 seconds.  Phyllis, after she got with BV, VR, seemed to come out of her shell more. Angela was always a judgmental hypocrite. Phyllis just had to be coaxed out with that sweet hvac cash.
Not sure why you’re being downvoted…  “Did you hear her husband is in a wheelchair?”  “I like working in the same building as Bob, it keeps me honest.”
Excuse me, Angela literally tried to hire a hitman to murder Oscar. Enough said.
I guess I wasn’t paying attention lol, to be fair my last watch thru was in 2020 and I wasn’t really paying attention to anything at the time
Of course Andy has a sailboat cake, he’s been planning his dream wedding like every soft-penised debutante
You always wonder how he became a manager and then you see how he behaves as a salesman and then you go ‘ahh, I get it’  I’m glad they showed Michael’s moments of genius
Forgot Worf and the rest.
I’m now just imagining Dwight in all the scenes standing with his crotch in people’s faces whilst they’re sitting at their desk
But she did keep doing it. To the (State) Senator.
Who's Sarah Kaicomesin?
The hitman was in S9E8, I think. The Target.
She hired Dwight’s friend as a hit man to kill Oscar, he brings a lead pipe in (hidden in a sandwich) and Kevin claims to be Dwight to steal it.  He gives Angela the receipt to a gun to prove he owns one, but doesn’t have the gun because “they’re expensive and someone could steal it”
Lol why are you getting Downvoted???
PASS!
You are not real man!
which would you rather have, a normal person with unlimited bitchiness, or a person with a medium amount of psychopathy with no bitchiness?
Ryan gave a baby an allergic reaction to talk to Kelly, and Kelly thought it was cute. What the fuck was that?
It’s those moments of brilliance and heart that Michael has (like when he shows up at Pam’s art exhibition to tell her how proud he is of her), when we discover that he really IS a great manger who cares for his staff, that are among the best parts of the show, and show us just how ridiculously talented Steve Carell is.
Exactly.  She was sad until she found another opportunity.
Kevin claims to be Oscar to steal it.   I...am Oscar Martinez?
Medium psychopathy, no bitchiness.
Just don’t steal from him and he’ll leave you mostly alone, other than trying to set you up with his daughter even though he thinks you’re gay.
Sociopathic traits/tendencies?
I think that shows how much of a good person Michael is. For all his faults, he really does care about people and wants the best for everyone he works with, which in my experience has always made the best managers.
Creed's Psychopathy or Psychopathy by Creed
Says everyone who's never been on the receiving end of psychopathy. It's a serious mental illness that takes a toll on the person who has it and everyone around them.
To be, or not to be? That is the question. And honestly, I'm leaning towards 'to be' because, hey, you gotta live your best life, right? YOLO, as the kids say!
If I did something then I did something. If I didn’t do something then I didn’t do it, and that’s how that works.
I don't always comment... But when I do, it's about society. Society... Find comments... Just so important these days, and it's up to us to comment you know?
This platform…
The effort op XD good job
Lol thank you!  I finished it and watched it and my first thought was, "This is so stupid lmao" 🤣
XD <3
The real crime, I think, was the goatee
Yes, but did not Pam get pregnant via ‟Burning Man, Port-o-Potty..”
Asturd Gertrude Scott
Just admit that your baby was a mistake
I always thought he was talking about his own birth, given michaels lack of real self esteem
Gooooo T!
The look he gives the camera here has to be the best of the entire series. I love it.
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THEM TRY AND CLAIM THIS.
Whoa, TMI! How was it? I don't wanna know. Tell me later
They were so not at Burning Man
(I think they all got laid off)
Was your coworkers dad a GI? Sorry in advance
Is that Paul Wall?
What awards did everyone win?
I don't know what that means.
It's a reference to the the show.  You will recognize it one day watching reruns so I dont want to spoil that moment for you.
When he's asking Karen? I get the reference now.  Really funny now, because this picture contains three caucasian Kentuckians. lol
Thats the one, all in good fun
"You look exotic.. is your dad a GI?" I had to explain the joke to Felicia, she is in my photo.
Lol nice :) hope it wasnt too awkward lol
You're not a liar too, are you?  I've been known to bend the truth...  Dammit, Pam! Get out, right now!
Who's running Dunderstone now?!
Ryan would definitely be into crypto I think!
Not sure Creed has the tech skills - remember Creedblog. Maybe Ryan would be helping him. Or "helping" him.
If it was a couple years ago, Ryan would harass everyone in the office about joining/buying into his multi level marketing company.  Currently, he would be into crypto, but only the unheard of stuff since bitcoin is far too mainstream.
Creed's "dark web" would just be a note on his smart phone that Ryan set up, though he would be pulling scams on FB marketplace   Meredith would 100% be on OF  Pam would be one of those people who *think* they know social media and the new slang but would be totally cringe using it. Jim would pretend he doesn't care about it but would have a secret TikTok account
Stanley playing Microsoft Sudoku, Kevin declaring bankruptcy for its addiction to online gambling, and the highly active Meredith's Meetic profile.
People would be more "woke" and Michael would be able to get away with less. Like bringing a blow-up sex doll to work, for example 🤣
It would be unwatchable
They would all be buried in their phones and avoid social interaction
Creed runs the Silk Road. Or is Q. Or both.
And NFTs!
Absolutely agreed on the Meredith onlyfans haha! But also jumping off your point, I think Pam would def be into Instagram reels and be super behind on the trends that start on TikTok first and it would frustrate Kelly to no end hahaha
Now I’m imagining a Woof based NFT haha
Pam also would have an IG for Cece that she pressures people to follow
It's all made up chief
I thought about this too, but Karen was living in a hotel months into dating Jim, so maybe everyone else was kinda like, “I’m gonna give this a try for a couple weeks before we make the big move to PA.” Ultimately everyone except Andy and Karen decided not to stay.
The Office is not very realistic lol
I'd quit immediately if my boss grabbed my ass and tried to shove me on top of a table
they just couldn’t handle michael’s slayness
The whole branch consolidation doesn't make any sense. Why would sales people leave a supposedly thriving territory to join a new branch and have to compete in their market? And they already established there was one more accountant than they really needed.
They were all likely still staying at a hotel like Karen was. I get they still would’ve moved from their homes but not in a very permanent way
Ya think?
One woman even brought her baby too
"They gotta be making *some* of this stuff up" Lmao
Please elaborate
Yes I moved for a job and they put me up in a hotel for 3 months. They probably had not bought or rented places yet
This is my head cannon now. Thank you!
That seems plausible.
As seen by the fact Michael wasn't immediately canned after 'diversity day'
I'd quit immediately if my boss grabbed the top of a table  and tried to shove it up my ass.
This is why I’m not a homemaker. The boss is always doing that and there’s no HR department.
It’s not a real documentary
What?! You’re kidding!
They might be thinking of something else. I checked online, and there are a bunch of shows with the exact same name.
Because this is Reddit, I’ll almost certainly be further downvoted for bemoaning the fact that I’m being downvoted, but the general hostility towards humor/levity is ironic in a sub devoted to a comedy series. Next time I’ll just ask for quotes.
Don’t let it get to you, it’s only karma, and reddit is filled with teenagers
Funnily enough the joke you quoted is actually bleeped during the reruns on Comedy Central
Your gayness doesn’t define you. It’s your mexicaness
Try getting away with a reference to "old Tranny Claus" now
Kelly saying something about being raped in a cavalier manner.
“You'll notice I didn't have anybody being Arab. I thought that would be too explosive. No pun intended.”
“I call everybody faggy.”
Nates black face
“Kelly Kapoor is our dusky, exotic customer service rep. And once a year, she will contact our clients and find out how happy they are with our salespeople. Sort of a Kapoor’s list. Schindler’s list parody *pauses* …that’s not appropriate.”
Try my googy googy
The entire Diversity Day episode.
Ping!
The real question is, have we reached the day where it’s okay to tell a hilarious aids joke?
Michael taking the new black employee to his desk while saying “I will show you where all the slaves work”
Diversity day
Ping
Oscar Mayer wiener lover
When Michael told Martin Nash let me show you where the slaves work. It was so bad back then even Michael caught himself.
Michael saying, “I’m ashamed of your naked face”. Puts his jacket on Meredith’s face and says, “you’re now sexy in your culture”.  Iran would launch a war on Michael Scott.
That's what he said. Right, guys? Because of gay.
the entire episode of diversity day
“Oscar, you’re gay”! Boom roasted.
The original cold open to Koi Pond where Michael pretends to hang himself in the warehouse in front of the kids. It got so many complaints that they never aired it again and removed it from DVD copies, digital copies, steaming, it’s not even on the Peacock superfan episodes. Oddly enough, you can find it on YouTube on the official channel, uncut.
It’s Always Sunny is on the air still. And streaming hasn’t taken down any of the Office. So none.
itsalwayssunnyinphilly has entered the chat, after running for way longer than The Office, and being way more offensive.
Buy the DVD's folks. Streaming services will eventually have to start removing stuff...
Try my gookie gooookie!
Michael mixing up the Asian Waitresses
Ticking time bags, for multiple reasons.
The Micheal outing Oscar episode and saying “f*ggy”
Michael's character Ping
Michael making Tony Gardner (from Stamford branch) sit on the table along with rest of the new employees; I am pretty sure they wouldn't attempt that kind of joke today.
Rich people love pizza. Poor people love pizza. White people love pizza. Black people love pizza. Do black people like pizza?
the entirety of "diversity day"
Blackula
Do black people like pizza?
Everything in the show??
Hitler
And I consider Oscar a friend.
Michael trying to come onto Donna is played for cringe laughs showing how pathetically desperate he is when he tries to eat the mint out of her hand, trying to kiss her when she says goodbye, it looks like he is cornering her to a wall and then she dodges him, this is little creepy behavior, we let it slide because we know it's Michael and he doesn't mean to do harm to anyone and Donna at the end also reciprocates back but I could see people being uncomfortable with it if this was done today and make an argument about importance of consent in such situation.
Literally the entirety of Diversity Day
Lame
Yeah, and it's weird because only half of "the R words" are cut out, because it's ok to say in some contexts but not others, so "R worded" in my opinion.
Cringe. D:
For fuck sake...
That’s fucking retarded.
Your mexicanity
That joke makes me crack up every time. Sorry not sorry.
"I watch Queer As F\*ck"
No, I’m telling you he’s an actual homosexual
Another one that’s bleeped on cable television 😭
They edited it out on TV now.
They’ve cut it from the version on Peacock, and in all reruns on TV so I’m sure of it
"spicy curry award, what does that mean?"
No, no. AIDS is not funny. Believe me, I've tried.
That's what you sUpPoSeD to do!
"Andy Cornell called and they think you suck, and you're gayer than Oscar!" Boom roasted.
This is exactly my point whenever anyone tries to throw this card. You can do whatever you want realistically. The backlash will probably be more harsh but there isn't anything stopping anyone from making content *especially* with how tame it is in the office.
Except for the blackface/Zwarte Piet joke, removed from the Peacock version.
Yeah you can do whatever you want. Backlash might vary but no one is actually stopping the insanity (which is hilarious).
Yeah, and interestingly, they blank out the R word in the podcast episode "Sweet Dee is Dating A R*******  Person." They also talk about how things have changed and what they would do differently now
They have 4 episodes pulled from Hulu for black/brown face
Something to think about
Michael’s face when he confirms that black people like pizza with Darrel and co eating it is one of the funniest looks he gives in the entire series 😂
Why wouldn't this be allowed? Incredibly mild. Not even a top ten most racist thing Michael says.
Why is this getting downvotes?? Do ppl not remember this is a quote and are actually offended? Kind of making this post totally true? Lol
While this is hilarious I think you could still get away with this one
Sorry? For what?
That’s not what it’s called
I showed this clip to Dutch people and they didn't understand what the problem was. 🤣
They edited it out on purchased prime video. Gonna check my dvds now..
What black face??
wait what? i watched that part on peacock a few days ago
Michael, am I gay?
What do you mean that's your point? 5 episodes of it's always sunny were taken down from hulu and netflix
It's in the terms and conditions.
South Park is still South Park too
Got any sauce to go with that?
“This gravy train's leavin, so who's retarded now?”
Out of 15 seasons ………………..
Because it's not really offensive? Asking if black people like pizza is very tame for Michael when it comes to him discussing black people.
Yeah I don’t get it. I thought the point was to pick something that was on the office back in the day that probably wouldn’t be allowed now. Sorry if I offended anyone.
That doesn't mean you can't make them. They might be taken off platforms but you are allowed to make whatever really. They are still on DVD and blue ray. They exist.
Yeah, the Always Sunny podcast episode entitled "Sweet Dee is Dating A R*******  Person."
Kind of insinuating black people aren’t normal people, wondering if they also like pizza like he does… I could see it being offensive, although I don’t find much offensive lol
Don’t be sorry!! I thought it was funny. 🤷🏻‍♀️
The First Amendment walks into the room.
I'm getting downvoted because I'm right lol
I’ll check out.
No you aren't, your argument is equivalent to "you'd go to jail for it but you're physically capable of saying it". You know perfectly well that by "you couldn't make it today" we're talking about being able to market and broadcast it, just like when people discuss freedom of speech we mean what you can say without being punished.
We met him. He’s the worst.
We know him as a terrible kid and an adult stripper
Michael getting fed up with folks and telling them to go away is one of my favorite recurring jokes. This is my second favorite after Hank says “lemme see the copier again”
You’re mental if you don't have a good time.
I think one of my favourite little things Michael does is when someone is talking and he's getting sick of it or someone says something and it doesn't go off how he would expect, is the little "alright..." he does under his breath as he's getting ready to cut them off.
What do you mean? He calls Dwight Mr Poop and becomes the stripper at Angelas bridal party
Loved this   First time I ever heard about an upper decker was from the "MacGruber" movie - always cracked me up.
You’ll be seeing a LOT more of him in the future…
Not much fruit in those looms !
I thought she "taught" him not caught him...lol
I straight up think of that line every time I’m about to take a dump and the toilet lid is down 😂
Micheals face is the best part 😂😂😂😂
Classic Meredith comment!
I once had a boss that was a great manager while at the same time a big kid and at times could be juvenile.  He told us about a prank in high school him and his pals would do where they would take a dump in the toilet tank at a party of someone they didn’t like.  So gross haha.  This Meredith line also makes me think of that
In all seriousness that’s just gonna get mucked up in there. What you do is pee in the upper deck, that way when the next person flushes, the toilet fills back up with piss.
A stripper are only as good as their music
Still surprises me they kept the same actor in both appearances
At least he shouted mom at that episode, not Meredith .
Go Meredith! Go Meredith’s stripper son!
Mr poop
“Fun” is in it
meh-hal
"Be gentle, Jakey, gentle."
Don’t forget picture day! We got a glimpse of him there too
Get out
I know, i know
Dunder Mifflin is about to be sold. But first an investment banker has to drop by and sign off on our branch. And I'm...pretty nervous about it. And I'm...making some cosmetic tweaks to help create a more appealing environment. Is that dishonest? Well, think of it this way: when you look in the mirror and you see your push-up bra and your fake eyelashes and your make-up and your press-on nails; the principles that I am applying to the office are the same ones that have made Lady Gaga a star...or any number of drag queens.
Yes!!   What episode is this from?
Season 6, Episode 14
Awesome. Thanks!
it's called Colonel and it's the highest rank in the military
I went to Cornell. Ever heard of it?
Applicant has a head shaped like a trapezoid.
Where’d you go to college?
5-0-Sink!
It’s pronounced CORNELL and it’s the highest rank in the Ivy League!!
Applicant is attempting to blackmail interviewer, showing low moral character.
To waiting… 🥂
The episode where Meredith asks Jim to sign her cast, then hikes her skirt up to show the whole pelvis cast was not rehearsed. The surprise on Jims face was real, so much he signed his real name instead of Jim Halpert
It ties into the Halberts invite you to a reception…
Should have said, “Halberts”
An easter egg close to Easter!
That sign looks fake, like the producers added the text digitally
Never noticed this
This had to be on purpose right? I feel like the production crew would have caught a typo like that
It is done on purpose by the writers and is also mispronounced verbally as Halpret in some episodes.
Alternate universe = Halpreet
Ends at 8:40? Seems a little specific. Why not 8:30 or 9?
Symbolizing his insignificance
That’s the joke.
I think it’s done on purpose since these mistakes sometimes happen in irl too.. so maybe that’s why? also it’s funny too
How long were you hanging onto this photo? The Office on Netflix?
Good catch!
Good eye, I never caught this one!
My favorite moment like that is when Michael says “Scissor me” and Erin tosses him a pair which he catches open in his hand. Jenna Fischer didn’t know they were using prop scissors so Pam’s horror is just Jenna’s reaction.   (I can’t remember if they talked about this on the ladies’ podcast or if I read it somewhere).
Wait was it improvised by her or just written in the script but not acted prior
Where do u think the Netflix sign comes in the bottom right
It was on purpose, they talk about it on the office ladies' podcast.
Did Larry David type this comment
It's still on Canadian Netflix!
Right, cause that’s totally the same thing
Gotcha, working my way through the podcast currently
Another thing the Canadians are doing better than the rest of the world!!
if The Office was filmed of this generation, i definitely believe Creed would be doing business on the Dark Web.
>they were bringing clients with them   They were bringing clients *back* with them, which was actually a net *decrease* in revenue because the Michael Scott Paper company had been charging lower rates.    Then there are the administrative costs of absorbing the LLC and resolving its assets.
Needing a manager anyway is true, but Ryan and Pam were pretty unnecessary to DM as we see by Pam making up a new job and Ryan not doing any work.
No he wasn’t
I do think we’re to believe that they got at least Russell from the pancake luncheon as a new client. Maybe a couple of others before they started stealing clients.
The clients being brought back is irrelevant in my opinion. That's money DM lost, and is now getting back, plus the other clients MSPC company made. It's the whole point of the deal.  Administration costs would have been paid regardless of the amount if they purchased the company for, so I don't really see the relevance.    Like he was giving three jobs. Over 10+ years it would be over a million dollars, maybe. However, the three people he hired would also bring in revenue by working. He isn't just giving a couple million there on the spot.   In the short term it would have been less than $60,000 to hire them. And by the time it equated $60,000 the three of them would have produced profits, theoretically.
To be fair, having an office manager is pretty important in many businesses. Erin having a whole job as receptionist started to become more unnecessary than ever by the end.
Pam makes up the job because she isn't good in sales, and Michael fired Ryan and he came back as a temp, which is why he does nothing.   Technically there was enough clients for them at first, until Michael gave the stolen ones back causing him to fire Ryan.
Weren’t the invitees to the pancake luncheon from Michael’s Rolodex of DM customers though?
>in the short term it would have been less than $60k to hire   The main difference between re-hiring and a buyout would be that Dunder Mifflin *gets the Michael Scott Paper Company* in a buyout. The MSPC could be considered an acquired asset with clients and cash value in that scenario.    In the re-hiring scenario DM gets 3 additional employees who they have to pay, no new assets, and no additional net revenue compared to the buyout.   The whole point was that DM was screwed either way because Michael was a successful negotiator.
You very well could be right.  “I have sent out an E-vite for our big grand opening pancake luncheon. Six yeses, one maybe, only eleven noes. Um, and 788 not yet replieds. But of that group, 782 have viewed it.”
“False.”  Simple, yet effective.
Will I get over it? No. But life goes on
“When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered that I had absorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No. I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.”
Beeswax, Not Yours Inc
R is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it murder and not muckduck.
“who is justice beaver?”
As someone who hates PowerPoint…. “Last week I gave a fire safety talk. And nobody paid any attention. It's my own fault for using PowerPoint. PowerPoint is boring.”
Wait...this money is going for bat birth control, right Michael?
How’s pee pee
Do I get along with my coworkers? Well, first of all, I don’t have coworkers anymore, I have subordinates.    I mean, there are so so so many to choose from. Especially funny ones. But this one is my favorite because it shows how the same Dwight we have always known and loved is still there, he’s not a 100% different person or anything, but he has grown so much. The last time he was an interim manager, he made so many horrible changes to the office like the ridiculous time card system or making Jim eat his lunch at like 10am. He’s no longer like that anymore, but he’s still the same Dwight which is shown by him correcting the interviewer and calling his coworkers subordinates.
"identity theft is not a joke, jim! millions of families suffer every year!"
“Not Everything’s A Lesson… Sometimes You Just Fail”
How would I describe myself?   Three words: Hard-working, Alpha male. Jackhammer.    Merciless. Insatiable......
“monkey.”
“what is my perfect crime? i break into tiffany's at midnight. do i go for the vault? no, i go for the chandelier.”
“i love catching people in the act. that’s why i always whip open doors."
“before i do anything, i ask myself, “would an idiot do that?”, and if the answer is yes, i do not do that thing.”
SPIN MOVE!
When everyone finds out about dwight and Angela’s affair and Dwight goes “well don’t look so surprised”
Pee Paa
HAAA HA!
This must be a deleted scene? I don't remember it but I love it
Well, he made everyone smile on the office photograph
Why was this deleted 😭😭
She's the only Office "actor" I've spoken with. She's a wonderful person
Didn't hear? Decapitated. Whole big thing. We had a funeral for a bird
She *was* so young
“Why’d you have to go off and die” 🎵
We'll just have to wait for next year's chair catalog to come out.
Could we share a rowboat? Could a rowboat support her?
she was so innocent…
Michael, you shouldn’t have to settle. This is my pledge to you. I will find her and I will bring her to you and as God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit.
Looks like Jan with  dark hair
She dresses like a professional and yet you know there is a side of her that could just curl up on a couch
*Bye, bye miss chair model lady*  *I dreamt that we were married and you treated me nice*  *We had lots of kids drinking whiskey and rye*  *Oh, why'd you have to go off and die?*  *why'd you have to go off and die?*
Michael, you didn't even know her..
She actually survived and moved to Pawnee to be in a pageant!
Srive drafely 😏
She was stoned apparently
Also, when Dwight goes to work at Staples he works with Yvette Nicole Brown (Shirley) from Community.
🎶We had lots of kids..drinkin whiskey and rye 🎶
She's not a virgin you know
Am I crazy or is she the same girl that won the Miss Pawnee beauty pageant on P an R?  🧐
Far more decapitation related deaths than expected from that show
Click it or ticket
Why'd you have to go off and die? Oh Why'd you have to go off and diiie..?
Didn’t she go on to win some beauty pageant in Indiana?
She was stoned
Dead like every other dead animal that ever died
That pothead got her cappa detated
She's not really dead tho. she faked her death and moved to Pawny, Indiana. won a beauty pageant there.
She was stoned.
Bye bye Miss Chair Model Lady.
Thanks for getting their cover of American Pie stuck in my head.  Bye bye miss chair model lady….
lmao first thing i see on reddit after being in a car accident earlier this afternoon 💀
It’s Jan, right? I see Jan!
I guess you could say she died of blunt force trauma
Man i miss her every day
Thanks a lot that song is now stuck in my head for hours
 I guess we just have to wait till next years chair catalog comes out
Michael would freak looking at past miss Pawnee winners
She didn't die, she left her old life as a chair model behind and became Miss Pawnee
RIP, two-time Miss Pawnee 💔
Skip this episode all the time.
Oh man… based on this episode I thought I would have a little fun with my students one day. I was handing out picture forms and I said something like: “Oh wow. I can’t believe they still went with this cover picture…”   Oh course the kids were interested in what I was saying. So I made up a lie about the girl on the cover of the form having died in an accident and how it was super controversial that they still used her picture because it was so upsetting… yadda yadda yadda  *Just* as I’m about to come clean and say, “just kidding”, this girl pipes up without missing a beat to tell us she knows allllll about this. I swear it was like we were playing an improv game or something! She adds all these details like the girl dying on her graduation night because she got into a car with her best friend who had been drinking… it was nuts! She just started making up a whole bunch of fake details to embellish my fake story.   In order not to embarrass the poor girl I had to just say: “Wow. I hadn’t heard any of that. Very tragic. Well kids, don’t drink and drive.”
Seeing this as I’m flying down a 45 going 70😳
As God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit
Also “don’t drink and drive” - Ed Truck
More like not to drive under the influence .
Odd that two of the few characters that have died in the series have both been killed in a traffic incident.
Lol, I literally just watched this episode today
Shokolovska what was her name?
It's the hot one!
IM WATCHINT THIS EPISODE RN HOWD YOU KNOW
Decapitated.  Whole big thing.  We had a funeral for a bird. (I know not the same episode)
She was apparently stoned at the time.
I have just realized how much she looks like Catherine Zeta-Jones
Her capa was detated!
Byeee byeee miss chair model lady..
She was from Wilkes Barre.
She was the one!
Her accident happened in the DR when she was hanging out of a rented red Kia while high and her head hit a lamp post. Shame
Lol I literally just watched this episode!
Debra Shoshlevski
Can I get a “my my, miss American pie” in her memory?
Why'd you have to go off and die?
She was stoned apparently
You mean sive drafe
Was. Rip.
Wasn’t she in Parks and Rec too?
Would you say that to her face?
Her cappa was detated.
I'm pretty sure none of that is real.
Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company
none of this is real.
funny enough the last one was true lol
The one time Creed wasn’t full of nonsense and Jim doesn’t believe it.
Damn. She was the love of his life too. This tragedy didn’t sit well for him.
I'm pretty sure none of that is real.
My cousin Mufasa...
You’re not real man !
I don't think any of that is real
And now she is dead. As dead as any dead animal that has ever died
She was stoned apparently
"WELL I KNOW THAT YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HIM CAUSE I SAW YOU DANCING IN THE GYM!"
You move on..
Dude this is a Wendy's restaurant.
Is she a pants-wearer or a dress-wearer?
It bothers me that you’re not answering the question.
It bothers me that you’re not answering
She was stoned apparently.
Michael has a type
Or a nice chair
That was her life before becoming a chair model
It *blows* my mind that they're the same person!
Nice stroke, Urkelgrue.
Well pobody's nerfect
Yesss
You mean Helen, the manager at the movie theater The Premiere?
I don’t like that man, his tiny little nose, or his beedy little eyes
But why'd you have to go off and die 😓
Yes. Both played by [April Eden](https://mashable.com/article/parks-and-rec-miss-pawnee-the-office-chair-model)
Iiiits the hot one!
She is, and you knew that
P&R?
Yeah and idk why they chose that picture of her for the chair model episode, it makes her look nearly 50 years old lol
The capa gets detated a lot
This is not a proportional response
Dude no how
Shoshlefski
Or atleast a the one
Yep. Trish Ianetta, aka "The Hot One"
You’ve just spit in my eye
This is my favorite line in the whole show
You’re not real, man!!
This is going to be the happiest day of my life
YOU'RE NOT REAL, MAN!!
Bye...bye miss chair model lady, I dreamt that we were married and you treated me nice..why you have to go off and die?🎶
One of my favorite lines from dwight.
Ploughed into the side of an airplane hanger
Best line of the series!
🎵“So, bye bye Miss Chair Model Lady. I dreamt that we were married and you treated me nice. We had lots of kids… drinking whiskey and rye. So why’d you have to go off and die?”🎵
THEY BOTH TURNED OFF THE SHOES  NO VERDICT WAS RETURNED
What’s her name, Burger King?
I think about this line every single time I pass a Wendy’s lol it’s such perfect delivery
Ok so put it to the side and I’ll send someone to get it in a minute
mmmm catcher or infield?
No, all right, she can’t fit in a rowboat!
Northern lights indica
Half-baked. Smoking doobies. Doobie Brothers. She was smoking doobies with her bruthers.
Not gonna lie, that’s one of my favorite lines for some reason lol
wtf i always thought chair model lady was just melora hardin in a wig
I always thought she looked like April Ludgate's more popular peppy sister that she would absolutely despise.  Kinda like the good place with Tahani and Kamilah
Really? Damn. Go me.   Thank you. 👍
I had to scroll way to far before finding someone who dropped one of my favorite P&R quotes in the comments!
Exactly. They look nothing alike in this picture, but he wanted internet points.
It's not the worst. I think maybe coming right after 'Dinner Party' kind of takes the wind out the sales of this one. So after that, 'Chair Model' is just mehh.
Had no idea that was her and I’ve rewatched both shows countless times! Love it
Yup 👍🏽
“Hi, I’m Trish! I’ve been on YouTube.”
She's not even twirling the baton
Unfortunately its a really niche quote that can only be used in very inappropriate situations.   But you're damn right I use it at every chance I get
I still say this to people all the time
We had lots of kids... drinkin whiskey and rye
Lol love it.
NOOOO RHYTHM AND BLUESSS!!! (Rhythm and blues -Dwight)
That and how Michael wants to place an order anyway lol
I'll never understand why Karen was working at that Wendy's
I *KNEW* it!
*sigh* No, it’s marijuana.
Do you think doing alcohol is cooool?
Peace out, Seacrest!!
Underrated 😂
"I think America is the land of the free, which is a wonderful thing, and also the brave, where people can live. And nobody can ever take that away from you. And it never gives up. But the high birthing rate of immigrants frightens me! No offense to anyone out there, but if it were up to me and my family, I would actually call it Our-merica, and not Their-merica! Thank you."
*This will be the day that I dieeeee*
Can I just have a frosty and a baked potato, please.
Do you think I won't punch you in the face beeeeyyyatch!?
Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
Paper shaped pancakes, bacon fresh off the foreman, French toast, and cereal with milk that Jan bought.   There is a large amount of effort in that poster for a one off meeting.  I also like that they put the Dunder Mifflin address on the huge poster even though the breakfast is at a Hotel.  As if the employees don’t know where they work.
I'll be taking the jet skis to the lake
Is this first season? I did remember that they are in a real office that season so this may be a real meeting?
Michael does love to cook breakfast.
I don’t think so. It has DM on the top so I bet it was 100% created for this. They hid all kinds of stuff in the background of the office throughout the show.
Especially pancakes shaped like paper
Wow, yes
Last episode, Dwight and Angelas wedding. The way he looks at the scarecrow always gets me.
I'm the valet. You have to give me your car.
When he's serving Jim and Pam like 20 pounds of bacon when they stayed the night
"Welcome, children"
Running after the car of Jim and Pam
As of today we are officially wireless, and as soon as I find out where Mose hid the wires, we will have them reinstalled.
That or his interview with Dwight
Literally all of them
I think it’s just in the SuperFan version, but when Andy an Angela are getting the tour of Schrute Farms for their wedding. There’s a scene of Andy spraying off his shoes, Mose is standing behind him with a bag on his head, silently, until just calmly saying “Mose” and running away
When he parks the shit outta Toby’s car in the field
"Were you painting in the dark?"
When he then drills Toby's car into that field is my favorite lol
This
It’s a crime that I had to scroll so low to find this
But Dwight is using crossbows
Michael's reaction to a gunshot is someone getting electrocuted. Terrible acting. He was an improv for godsake and his favourite move was an FBI agent. The irony.
Is anyone else watching the office gifs on Reddit while the office plays in the background?
If your office is not like that, don't try to call me for an interview!
 need to see the blood too
Aw man, now I need to redo it!
Michael initiated scenes where HE had a gun, not anybody else. Besides, it’ll take more than a bullet through brain, lungs, heart, back, and balls to kill Michael Scarn.
I thought about that, but I figured it might be a bit gory so I decided not to.
toby changed for the absolute worst imo, he went from a relatively normal albeit kinda creepy guy to an all out lunatic. “smile if you love mens prostates” smfh toby leave that poor woman alone
She does change. At first she is almost timid. She was likely bullied most of her life. As the show progresses she is exposed to so much nonsense that she becomes a little crazy, and she starts gaining confidence, especially from Bob, and starts standing up for herself, similar to Pam. She ends up becoming a bully herself.
The deleted scenes for the silent auction episode pushed my hate for her over the edge. In fact most of her deleted scenes were probably deleted because they made her TOO unlikable.
I feel like they never consistently characterize her.  Sometimes she’s a mob wife, sometimes she’s a pushover, sometimes she’s a bigger bitch than Angela, other times she’s crying because Sue Grafton asked her to leave. She talks about hating Bob’s secretary bc they might have a thing, but then dresses herself up to have guys hit on her so Bob gets jealous and beats them up.   Phyllis is the worst written character for sure
the other microwave smells like popcorn.
Phyllis is a typical mean girl like Kelly can be, gone to seed in old age, and able to hide under the disguise of matronly until it's time to attack.
It feels unrealistic to expect every character to have a strong development. Some just fills in the blanks, which is just as important. How much development did Creed have? He just kind of did odd stuff here and there without much substance - still really funny and just what the show needed.
Ok, so I really do dislike Phyllis. But the worst character with no redeeming qualities at all… Todd packer. So Phyllis is a strong second worst character.
I think it’s a tie between her or Kelly. Never been much a fan of watching Mike Schur’s other Kelly-like characters (Gina Linetti, Donna Meagle, Tom Haverford, the Sapersteins)
Who's Bob Vance?
I don't recall Toby changing at all.
Also if you watch the Superfan episodes, some of the deleted scenes show her being a bitch, oftentimes for no reason
You're discounting the jugs.
I felt like people underestimated her and I liked when she was able to stand up to Angela.
imo Phyllis is the meanest character
I think Phyllis had a revealing moment in the final episode when she was showing the camera the figurine Stanley had made of her. She was so genuinely touched and it made me think she’s someone who just wants to be liked. I think her bitchy comments stem from her being bullied herself when she was younger.
phyllis > andy
Stanley also doesnt evolve that much
My least favourite was always Angela.
Toby? What show were you watching
[https://media3.giphy.com/media/rj9bBTO7AQNiw/giphy.gif?cid=2154d3d74pl52vupdpwxd6bdvqpu22pdtmhapf1nh1eq3l9v&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g](https://media3.giphy.com/media/rj9bBTO7AQNiw/giphy.gif?cid=2154d3d74pl52vupdpwxd6bdvqpu22pdtmhapf1nh1eq3l9v&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)
I think Meredith, being a character completely about sexual harassment, is the worst. It's just not funny.
They started advocating for themselves, sure. But Bully is a little strong.  The only time I can remember Pam bullying was when her art got defaced. And Phyllis was *kind* of a bully to the younger people, but that's because she felt threatened that she was being aged out.   They were both mean to Angela, who was the only true bully imo. But again, they were standing up for themselves after taking her abuse.
Popcarn*
Kelly is one of my favorites she is very entertaining and she brings a lot of personality to the office and fits her customer service role very well. Maybe it’s just because I’m talkative like her but I really enjoyed having a character I could relate to as the “annoying” kid.
I like Donna but I’m w you on the rest kicking rocks
What!? Damn, sounds like you need to Treat Yo' Self more often.
You've got a lot to learn about this town sweetie
Refrigeration
You hate so much about the things he chooses to be.
I think you're forgetting Angela... Or Packer... Or Robert California.
Michael, Dwight, Packer, Stanley, Kelly
Wrong
Shove it up your butt
Pam bullied Dwight the entire show. She bullied Gabe and Michael too. Phyllis bullied Angela back and other as well
I always hated the way she said that…
To each their own. I have several characters myself I would go to war for
😂 Tom and Donna are probably my favorites of the above mentioned
#MetropolitanOrlando #RealPine
Came here to make this comment.
Lol Pam and Jim teased Dwight, and Dwight dished it right back. Like when he made fun of Pam for failing art school. They were literally good friends at the end of the show. Michael sexually harassed Pam. Gabe abused his authority on everyone in the office because he was a corporate shill. Pam wasn't exactly picking on the weak.  To me, a bully is someone that preys on the weak and timid and gets off on making their live's miserable day after day. It's not someone that pushes back when people are stepping out of line. Phyllis may have been out of line herself a couple times, but she wasn't consistently a bully.   If you're going to say they're bullies for doing a few shitty things then you can include Oscar, Andy, Ryan, Kelly, Dwight, Darrell, Creed, Hank, Wallace; even Kevin. The only one on the show that may get a pass is Erin. But she was also a bitch to Holly.
Lol phew! Yeah, the Sappersteins are the *woooOOOoorrrssst*
Fr like Pam and Dwight have been friends since the concussion episode and they always had sweet moments. She was very sympathetic to Michael even giving him a ride home after he tried to make a move. All the characters have flaws and bad moments. That’s kind of the point I think.
Maybe you need to rewatch the show. Some of his pranks were dangerous and many were really fucked up. He pranks all the people who are weak. Why doesn't he prank people like Daryll?
Totally! It's so silly.
Who's him? Jim? Darryl doesn't fuck with Jim like Dwight does. Dwight tried to get Jim fired a bunch of times. He tried downsizing the whole branch.   Which pranks were dangerous or fucked up? The only one that escalated was the snowball one. They were all pretty justified.
Sending him up a telephone pole? Sending him on the roof to wait for a helicopter and throw his phone away? If you think that's a funny pra k thats OK in the workplace you are full of shit or a sick person
Lol bro. What are you afraid of heights?
German…well a Chinese German hybrid
I'm aiming for Blter Creole, myself
Stanley, since I'd just want to sleep the whole way and he wouldn't say a damn word 😂
Pam, Darryl, Karen or Oscar. They would leave me alone or engage in nice conversations.
Creed Bratton. Together, we will plan out post apocalyptic living strategies.
Season 1 Ryan. Just a normal dude who can have a good conversation with, but he wouldn't feel obligated to chat the whole way.
Angela. Quiet.
Who cares? As long as you end up at Laverne’s Pies Tires Fixed Also.
Meredith. Have a drink, listen to led zeppelin, have a laugh plus shed probably go down on you.
Dwight, cuz beets.
I’m stuck between Stanley and Pam. Stanley because I’m an introvert and I hate small talk and he’d just sleep all the way through and leave me be. And Pam, because she seems to be such warm and nice person that I feel like I’d actually like a small talk with her.
Pam. She will do you
Kevin for the cushion and chili
Michael Scott!
Meredith. We'd get drunk and fool around.
Jim. Funny and naturally flirty. We could make fun of everyone and create pranks. Would probably let me sleep on his shoulder.
Creed    he would  have lots to talk about man’s been everywhere and anywhere doing anything
I think I'd do an edible with Creed and go to sleep.
Stanley because I’ll leave him alone and he’ll leave me alone.
Phyllis cuz she’ll share her “popcaarn”
Andy. We can gossip about what’s going on in his old neighbourhood.
Nellie, for sure. She’s hilarious and takes shit from no one. I feel like we could be really good friends. Not saying she’s not misguided, but this is The Office: who isn’t?  Not Kevin. He would take his shoes off for the ride, and have you smelled his feet?
David Wallace. Id spend the 10 hours convincing him to partner up on *Suck it*
Cathy. Might get a hj.
Kelly
Michael
Kelly, we can talk about pop culture stuff lol
Probably either Kelly or Erin cause I think I would get along best with them
Robert California.
Pam and her pampams
Someone tiny, Angela probably.
Creed
Ping!
Most probably dwight cause then we could finally execute the diabolocal plan.
I would want to sit next to Oscar!
Pam! We can sketch and doodle together! X3
Darryl 100%
Kevin, hands down. I mean, he's really got that teddy bear thing going on and afterwards we could just watch bowling.
Angela...... she's gonna put out
I’m leaning towards Oscar. He’s down to earth but also irritable and I think we’d have the ultimate venting session.
Limitless
Dwight. I feel like we would just be debating about everything and time would just fly.
Kelly. I just fee like she would be a fun person who you can talk to about anything.
Creed. He probably has the best stories.
Meredith. I feel she would just be hilarious to talk for 10 hours. Plus I'm pretty sure she would have brought a bottle to share.
NEXT STOP PIES!
Creed. Man, just think of the stories you’d get to hear. That’d keep me occupied during the long trip.
Creed, so he can tell me about being the gunman on the grassy knoll.
Meredith, because I’m going to need some booze to make it through a 10 hour bus ride.
Darryl, so we can fall in love.
Yall are nuts,  I want Michael 100%. I love a good train wreck
Stanley, because he would sleep and do crossword puzzles the whole trip.
jim! he is hot and sarcastic meets my requirements perfectly!
I would love to sit next to Pam.. she’d be awesome to chat with.
I feel like he'd be complaining about anything you do, he's alwasy complaining about stuff.
Exactly. I hate when people try to small talk on a long ass plane ride. Let me read or watch a movie or sleep
He’ll share a pretzel and might have an extra cross word!
Plot twist: It is pretzel day.
Oscar might bring a bag of baby poop, idk about him
He also has sprouted mung beans as a snack to share
He also smells like death
I don't know. She may also spend the whole time talking about her cats and making judgemental comments about you.
I also pick Angela, because she can hide behind a grain of rice.
And small. Extra room for me!
Phyllis, Kevin & Stanley: Pies! Pies! Pies! Pies! Pies!   Andy: Alright! The fat people have spoken! Dwight, get this bus moving.
Rhubarb pie!
I swear I came to say almost the exact same thing:  Meredith because she probably has a flask of whisky and would nonchalant ly agree to perform mediocre oral sex.
😂😂😂
She is the office mattress.
Same
I agree
Cause he's fascinating.
“I've been smelling Phyllis's stinky perfumes for years and I never said anything” -Stanley
I don’t think Stanley would share his precious pretzel
Another plot twist: it's Florida Stanley
1. I fucking love cats. Bring it. 2. Also a judgmental bitch.
I stand corrected. Enjoy your chat!
Two judgemental bitches sharing a seat row ain't going to end up pretty.
(mutters mean shit about you)
"What a pair a' Marys."
I love how Bob was pissed but he still let it go as if it was an actual rule, his like “I’m sorry I can’t do anything about it” look to Phyllis Is amazing
I never interpreted that as they were leaving because she said no. I think she was just the last one they asked and all wanted to leave together. I don’t think it would have made a difference what her answer was.
not sure I completely understand you... but they see each other and work together every day, so they were including everybody.  They were 'breaking the rules' as a group.   Of course they wanted to do it together as a group, but her saying No wasn't going to stop them.. if she said 'Yes', great, but she didn't, so, OK, they asked.  They're just including/ inviting everyone cause that's how you should treat people in a common group.
Oh, I think you are right, I had never interpreted it that way. Thanks!
I am sorry, English is not my first language. But I think you are right. Thanks for helping!
I doubt the real superfan episodes will be on cable any time soon. They have different lengths and most aren't quite long enough for an hour time slot but too long for 30 minutes, it would be way too much effort for a channel that's a playlist of old sitcoms running on cruise control.
I’m wondering the same thing
But frequently cable channels use nonstandard run times. Looking right now, I’m seeing TV Land will be airing back to back Everybody Loves Raymond episodes at 35 minutes each (likely just to get more ad time but still). There’s no reason they must stick to half hour increments. It wouldn’t be that difficult logistically.
Comedy Central and HBO do it all the time, but I feel like Freeform doesn't try as hard as good channels.  But also Comcast has invested a lot of money into Peacock and are unlikely to give away one of the the main reasons people are subscribed.
I’m sure Freeform would figure it out if they got exclusive broadcasting rights to it. But I agree, I’d be shocked if Peacock gave that up. Unless Disney was offering a big enough check?
I love that he has a video interview later, which implies he and Michael are friends and kept in touch, and told him to apply when he knew he was leaving!
I always thought it was a shame they didn't connect over paper sales. So near, yet so far.
They were going to do the British Dwight meets Dwight at the convention where Jim is with Stanford branch. But schedules didn’t work out sadly. Both actors were totally down to do it too.
Too bad they didnt do more british cameos
Agree! Also, Bod Odenkirk should have been on several episodes.
Ricky Gervais couldn’t last more than half a delivered line without cracking up. An episode with David Brent would’ve taken half a year to film.
Michaels very rarely second place in a scene,  But Ricky Gervais owned that little interaction.  Your from England right?  Yeah, big time.
Would have loved that.   Michale invites him because he likes him but then the office starts to like Brent more. So Michael starts to become jealous. But by the end Michael and Brent become best friends.
Yess, I would’ve much rather watched that than Deangelo Vickers‘ weird DM stint
There’s actually  a reference to this in the episode when their finding a new manager.
I'm glad they didn't. Not a fan at all of the British Office and the screen time David Brent did get was more than enough
Honestly the cameo always makes me sad. I get excited seeing them together every time and then there’s the completely unnecessary racist bit and it just ruins the moment. Like at that point in the show we had presumably moved past that kind of season one humor and toned down those elements. So to bring it back right when we’re saying goodbye to Michael and with them finally together was just a bummer.
He did appear in an interview on another episode. But just by video
Never thought of it like this :’)
I would pay a lot to see the competition over whether it’s more badass to be part of the Territorial Army or to be a Lackawanna County Volunteer Sherrif’s Deputy.
British Dwight?? British Dwight????  American Gareth more like!
There was meant to be one at the sales conference iirc. Gareth and Dawn were meant to be there. Gareth and Dwight interacting would have been great  Tho the IT guy and Dwight interacting would have been peak awkward
Did ya guys like the episode he was on? I thought he was extremely cringe; atleast Michael had some charm to it even though he was cringe at times
And been worth every second of it.
I like the UK Office but part of me wonders if he created a revolutionary show just so he could stare into the camera and cackle at his own jokes
Why?
That bit was entirely Gervais/Brent. Brent doing his Ho Lee Fuk within a minute of meeting someone is about as Brent as Brent could be.
Have you seen the British version? Season one Michael is the way he is *because* that's what Brent was like. They just changed Michael after season one because what worked for the British audience clearly wasn't working for the American audience. Brent never becomes a loveable goofball like Michael. And let's not pretend that Michael doesn't remain a bit racist for the entire show, it's just out of ignorance usually. Brent is an outright vile person and the British show never tries to convince you that he isn't. Brent is exactly the kind of guy who tells racist jokes to a white person he's only just met because he assumes that every white person thinks racist jokes are funny.
What are you talking about?
Oh my fucking god americans and their white knight complex.  Listen buddy:  Comedy is a place where the mind goes to tickle itself. That's what she said.
I’d love to have one reddit thread where someone isn’t getting bent out of shape because of a joke. People are so soft these days.
I would’ve paid a lot to see that too
It’s so interesting, I’ve never related these two…hobbies (?) somehow
May I direct you to r/wernhamhogg
Scranton lot don't seem to respect you
Only correct answer here lol
Honestly, Dawn there would've made me very sad. I like to think that despite moving back to Slough, she didn't come back to Wernham Hogg
Pretty sure cringe is the point of the show.
I think Odenkirk's character was meant to be over the top....like they took cringe Michael and turned it up to 11. He only had limited screen time, so I think they wanted to pack as much "zaniness" in as they could
The scene where he makes a black cock joke at a party, gets pulled into a disciplinary meeting, then makes another joke about drugs moments later and gets *another* reprimand (all at the same party) was great
Yes I watched the British office and yes I am aware that this is totally on brand for David and even still Michael even though he had matured quite a bit by his end on the show. I’m just saying just because they’ve acted this way before in both series, doesn’t mean that they just *had* to go with the racist bit in that moment. It’s like a minute long exchange for these two beloved characters to meet. They could’ve had a silly banter about anything and made it hilarious. So I’m bummed out that after all of that they went with an unnecessary racist bit.
The whole exchange is them doing a racist ‘Chinese guy’ accent and then going back and forth defending it though it even tho it’s ‘politically incorrect.’ It wasn’t even just a throw away line or something, nearly the whole bit is about how the accent is ok.
Europeans and their generalizing all Americans complex.
Exactly.
Maybe Gareth hired her as a saleswoman :|
Nah I know but that's what I'm saying, thats why they changed Michael's character after season 1. They made him more likable. Bob seemed like the version of Michael in Season 1.
That makes a lot of sense...thank you
"Then the Queen says, *is it a bla*- oh hiya!"
Oh no no no. Not racist. Tasteless.
No, of course all people from one country are not all the same, that's not what I've said.
could be. Though unlike DM, I don't believe WH was ever a good place to work.
And theres nothing wrong on that version.
Generalize doesn’t necessarily mean ALL people. Your comment is a textbook generalization with no basis in fact.
I'm pretty sure the U.S. version would have stopped airing if they had continued with that. It worked for the U.K.version, American audiences are different.
My comment was rushed and its only scope was to let me use the "tickle itself" joke  I'd say 50% of americans have a white knight complex  See, I'm one of the very few europeans who doesn't utterly despise the US and that doesn't illude himself that Europe is some kind of utopia  So I think that I am not your enemy
I understood your original remark. I knew you didn’t mean every single person. As a generalization, it is 100% accurate and the comedy enclosed in it is quite funny!😄
Didn’t know this existed, and I’m one for idle games, is it any good?
If you like Idle games, I say it's very good. Though it can be buggy a bit. If you like office and Idle, I do suggest it tho.
I enjoy idle games but I got bored of this one particularly quick.
Noice.
Same here and I have other idle games I love.  Also feels like you have to buy shit because you can't Automate desks.
Creed, it’s not even a competition
Creeds looks like Heath ledger. Dwight's seems more Joaquin Phoenix despite the glasses. And Kevin, is, well, just Kevin.
Damnit Creed. I’ve been up since four.
Obviously Kevin. He was up since 4.
Creed = Ledger Joker  Dwight = Nicholson Joker  Kevin = deck of cards joker
Stupid question. Ashton Kucher killed it!
Better makeup - Creed  Better costume - Dwight
Creed looks like the actual joker while the other two are joker goons who get killed by joker.
I’m gonna make a pencil disappe…
Damnit Creed! I've been up since 4
“It’s Halloween? That is really good timing.”
Damnit Creed, Ive been up since 4 AM
Kevin because he woke up at 4am and tried reallllly* hard
Creed by far and away
Obviously, CB.
Kevin, he was up since 4
This is a progress photo album of Halloween night 8PM-Creed. 11PM- Dwight. 3AM- Kevin.
I feel bad saying it because he’s my favourite character but what exactly was Kevin doing when he was up since 4am.
How is it that Kevin is the only one who managed to blend his makeup into his hairline?
Wait, there is an Ashton kutcher joker?
Creed allday lmao
Creed hands down
creed!!
Creepy Creed 🥰
Creed all the way!
Definitely Creed
This is where The 3 Jokers storyline comes from. I’m 100% certain.
I wanna go with Dwight.
Ashton by far
Idk it’s just crazy to see Creed with hair again.
Creed should be on every time they do a joker compilation.
Ashton Kutcher, obviously!
Ashton Kutcher
Definately creed
Creed
I think that’s just what Creed normally looks like after a night out .
Creed
Creed!
Kevin.
Creed in terms of looking like heath ledgers joker.  Kevin in terms of looking like someone you might actually see on a real life news bulletin.
Creed looks great  Kevin looks like Kevin And Dwight looks looks questionable.
Kevin’s make up is the best Heath Ledger joker  Creed has the best imitation   And Dwight’s costume is the most professional overall.
I have Creed's Joker photo saved in my phone's gallery. A must have.
Yet again another echo of the curse of 3.
Who wore it best! Who wore it best! Who wore it beeest!!!  Terry!   What?!  Go change Boyle... Not here!!   In all seriousness... Creed.
Of course it’s gotta be creed
creed but kevin’s makes me laugh most
Honestly think Dwight’s is really good lol
The real competition is between Creed and Heath Ledger.
It's Halloween tonight. That is really good timing.
Dammit Creed, Kevin's been up since four.
He looks terrifyingly deranged
No question Creed crushes!
It’s not close
Have some respect. Kevin was up since 4 working on his costume
To be fair, his may not have been a costume.
Kevin looks like Penguin.
Give Kevin a break, he was up since 4.
Kevin looks like he just drank a bunch of red Kool-Aid from an oversized glass
Isnt that kutcher ?
Kevin looks like a regular Joe of Gotham who’d start idolizing Joker.
Kevin looks like the joker baby
Kevin is Gacy/Pogo the Clown
Let's put a smile on that face
Well damn Jackie I can't control others' costumes
It looks like he's hungover after a late night in front of the TV recovering from a breakup
Most committed to waking up early- Kevin
Tons. They're all over this sub. You'll catch on.
He *is* terrifyingly deranged
I'm the joker baby
Wanna see a magic trick? I can make this penci- I can make this pencil disappear
Everything he does is sexy. He has this undeniable animal magnetism. He’s a jungle cat. The man exudes sex.
"Find out who's car this is. If it's Stanley's call the office of James P Albini and see if he covers hate crimes."  Wasn't until ages later I realized the significance of the fact that it was a *watermelon* that Michael smashed it with."
I have had to explain Loggins and Messina to so many people over the years.
My husband and I have a wild theory that when Luke (Michael’s terrible nephew) says to Phyllis: “Sup Venus?” he could be referring to ancient Venus of Willendorf statue (hence making fun of Phyllis’ body type).   However, at the same time I don’t think Luke is savvy enough to make that connection.
I didn’t get the joke of Dwight’s grandpa living in Argentina and being a nazi until much later.
I didn’t get the ‘Catch 22’ quote by Ryan (then repeated out of context by Michael).
When Erin starts saying a bunch of words on the episode where they try to distract Pam from her labor pains. I have no idea what it all means
I was today years old when I leaned this. Oh how the turn tables …
Googled it, still have no idea what this refers to? What is the significance of the watermelon?
Just Googled that. I never knew.
They were all the horses that won all 3 of the Triple Races. I forget what the other two are called, but the Kentucky Derby is part of it
This was me for a long time, now I know it has to do with horse racing like the winning horses and maybe even their jockeys
It definitely adds new depth to Stanley's reaction when he discovers it at the end of the episode.  Michael could at least have cleaned the watermelon off...
The racial stereotype is that black people eat a lot of watermelon
Preakness, Kentucky derby, Belmont
Ohhhhhh, very odd of her to know that but it makes sense now lol
Michael as Miranda Priestly.  "Too slow. You're not going to Paris."
Asian Jim gets me every time. Got me into Randall Park as an actor. He’s amazing and hysterical
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Stress relief. By a landslide.
Oh god no. Nooo..NOOOOOOOOOOOO
I still laugh at KGB every time.
The original Koi pond Halloween opening. The warehouse haunted house where Michael, in a dick in the box snl costume, hangs himself.  https://vimeo.com/155082405 (deleted cold open)
I’ve always thought the cold open for Sabre was underrated
I wouldn’t wanna do that would I
When Pam is like oh no is Michael gonna paralyze me?! 🤣🤣🤣
Do you think Jim went to Dr.Krentist?
Identity theft is not a joke, millions of people suffer every year
It’s more of a reference. Dane Cook was a VERY popular comedian at the time so it would just make sense as a funny nod to the pop culture of the era
Let's just say that Dane Cook is not what you call a kid-friendly comedian
Very true. When I was in high school (2004-2008), my friends and I used to listen to one of his stand up CDs in the car. Repeatedly.   He definitely had a “moment” 😖
Or a good one.
Idk he is pretty friendly with the kid he’s getting married to
I was k. High school 2005-2009 so I was doing the same damn thing. But I also listened Mitch Hedberg which well made up for it
There's nothing wrong with an age gap as long as it's between 2 consenting adults.
Hi, I'm Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC!
The alcoholic wants to weigh in on consent and healthy relationships? Yikes.
The fact that you went through my post history and picked out an illness of mine that im trying to overcome, to use to attack me shows how sick and demented of a person you are. If two people are consenting adults, then it's no one's business but theirs if they want to be together, regardless of age, race, gender, political or religious beliefs or any other arbitrary limit you want to try to impose based on your own bias. I am blocking you now. Do not attempt to message me in any regard, or I will report you for harassment.
Presumably, as there is one scene in the US Series where Michael Scott meets David Brent.
David also interviewed to replace Michael.
Scranton Business Park’s address is 1725 Slough Avenue - reference to the town where the British one is set. I’d say for sure they’re the same universe.
Reginald Poofta met David Brent...
Jesus you guys can not enjoy a fun video posted, you have to shit on sit-com characters created 18 years ago
Phyllis is the worst character
Val. Just the worst character on the show.
I enjoyed it 😍
Agreed
Nelly by far
She sucks but I don't think she's even top 5 worst
No Todd is the worst.
You spelled Kelly wrong.  Mic boom guy and Nelly are definitely worse too.
Lol I’m getting downvoted to hell for hating on Val. Can’t thing of one thing she did, said or made someone else do or say something funny ever
Kevin for me… most of the time lol.
I have a lot of questions. Number one: how dare you?
I think its because of how you put it. I agree that Val doesn't add a lot of value, but she is not close to being the worst character on the show.
Every of the time
Wth how? Hes gold
Idk I watched the show too many times lol
Perverted
Dwight fucked in half his work space. Mike fucked his coworkers mom. Not perverted?
Not saying theyre not either
Its not Kevin's fault he has an illegitimate kid with Jan! She's hot!
When he's freaking out about leaving Scranton and calls to tell her he can't leave, but the normal conversation between them calms him down.
When Michael was lost and Holly found him on top of a building, just following her gut 🥲
This hug.  It makes me feel feelings every time. Michael wanted a real connection, and he found it with Holly.
Michael:Hey, you know why people here are complaining? They are jealous of two people in love on Valentine's Day.  Holly: Two people in love?  Michael: I love you.  Holly: Wait, wait, wait. What do you mean, "you love me"? We've only been dating for a week. Do you mean you love me like, "Oh, hey, there's Holly. I love that girl." Or you do you mean you love me like you love me-love me?  Michael: I love you-love you.  Holly: Wow, you love me-love me. I love you-love you.  Michael: I am really disappointed in the office's policy on PDA at this moment. I love you. [shakes Holly's hand]  Holly: I love you.
They're perfect for each other. Michael is real, and soft in front of her and doesn't need to put on his Date Mike facade or try to impress her. They just have fun together and can be vulnerable with each other. Argh I love them so much.
In PDA when they’re sitting in Michael’s office twirling their hands together while speaking to Oscar
I’ve seen the show 1.5 times (rookie numbers, I know) and this might be my new favorite relationship. It used to be Jim/Pam, then Andy and Erin (pre-Secretary’s Day) and now this one. I love how Holly is the one to keep Michael in check
“It’s okay, I’ll turn this all thE WAY DOWNNNN. NOW THEY CANT HEAR US”  😂   All jokes aside, the sweetest moment for me is when she’s the only one that can find Michael. ♥️
"crazy eights, I'm crazy!"
When Micheal is getting to know Holly and they are both sitting in the floor putting together Toby's chair that Holly took apart and she is able to make jokes with him. The look on his face is priceless.
Classy Christmas- when Michael starts acting flamboyant and unknowingly offends Oscar.  Then, Holly and Michael start talking with a Mexican accent about guns and pea shooters and again, offend Oscar.
The picture
I love all the times they do bits at each other. Basically saying I love you to each other with bits. They are so cute.
Truck scene with Daryl
When they agreed to have seggs at their date and they just sit there playing cards and being all uncomfortable
There’s a scene where they’re goofing around and he hugs her and there’s something about the way he says “oorah” really softly that always makes me go aww. Michael is always so intense and extreme with women, and with Holly he’s so soft and put together.
When they rap together in the warehouse.  "I'm MC Mike Scott, and I am hot. She's Dj Jazzy Flex, and she is the best. All the sucka branches can suck our fat." "Wicka Wicka Wicka What"
Not technically a moment between them but related to their love story — when at the beginning of the goodbye Toby episode Michael says something about how some days you just know you’re gonna remember that day for the rest of your life, and it’s the day he meets Holly but he just doesn’t know it yet 😭😭😭
This hug always makes me tear up, forget about Jim and Pam.
'I didn't feel much when I held Astrid. But I did get a good feeling with Holly.'
When she does the Yoda voice!!!!!!!
Exactly!
I just tested up reading this and remembering that moment!
Okay so I just finished commenting about how this is my favorite cold open, but I never got that. Because it just made sense and was in character for Oscar to respond that way to Erin trying to play along with some kind of game she thought Michael was playing.   But now that you say it…
Wow
Same- always went over my head. Still don’t really get it. 🤣
Wait… no… colour me innocent as well
"Box" is a slang term for a vagina.
Me think, why waste time say lot word, when few word do trick? Watch show.
You’ve got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie.
“Okay, weirdo”
So when it comes to The Office references…you understand nothing.
i'm telling you that baby could be the star of a show called babies i don't care about
Join us.🙃
Stuck with the weirdo
And you're not the least bit curious?
What’s up creed! Haha
Can I ask, no judgement, but why? Why this show in particular and this subreddit?
Freak
Who do you think the Scranton Strangler is?  and who is your favorite/least favorite  character?  What do yo think of the ice cream episode?  Favorite boss?
Buy me dinner first babes
They make me smile
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
No. I will pretend I am one of you
Me? A weirdo? Nah drop them digits bae
Nay.
😂yessss "what's up creed!" Whoooo!
Probably because of the prison Mike thumbnail.
Order the most expensive thing on the menu. But then you’ll have to put out.
Shh, cmon pam. Don't be such a right sider
This jobs a joke
Now that’s why you’ve to watch the show!
Haha you can’t fool me creed. I saw you post it on your [blog](https://creedthoughts.blog/2007/05/13-week/)
Will it end my existential crisis?
I just typed it. I didn’t know it was a special thing. Try it and see if it works for you too.
If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What have I been working toward?
Oh man, Creed is my favorite.  Nobody steals from Creed Bratton and gets away with it. The last person to do this disappeared. His name: Creed Bratton.  When Pam gets Michael's old chair, I get Pam's old chair. Then I'll have two chairs. Only one to go.  Michael: Sir, there has been a murder, and you are a suspect. Creed: OK. Hang on just a second. Let me just settle in and I’ll be right back.  No matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift of making that place their home. [Goes to jail]  Edited to add: Also, his description of the Loch Ness Monster during a seminar, and his entire tenure as manager. I had forgotten the keys bit, and never noticed "Great Bratton" and "dead mammahjammah."  [Creed as Manager](https://youtu.be/gW2LtX1217s)
He has no wallet. I checked.
*SMACK!!!!…. YIPPP!!!!*
“That is Northern Lights Cannabis Indica”
I loved him framing that lady for the watermark, it was hilarious
Who’s your worm guy? You’re paying too much for worms
"I've been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. You have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader."
Creed eating noodles during the vomit cold open kills me every time.
We should hang out by the quarry and throw things down there!
When they’re all doing more than 25 push ups so they can go home early and Michael tells creed he’s disqualified because he’s literally just sitting down and creeds like “aww come on!!”
I remember it was very late at night. Like 11:00, 11:30. Big fella comes in screaming about god knows what. I think maybe Halpert had stolen his car. Something like that. So the big fellas pulls out a sock filled with nickels. And then Schrute, grabs a can of hairspray and a lighter….
I’m 30…well, in November I’ll be 30
Oh also when he says he's dead if his parents watch the documentary.
Its possible a man could have slipped in. There'd be no way of knowing.
BOBODDY
“You’re not real man!” Always gets me
I'm playing a little hooky from work today...  Oh my god.
Wah doo zheng hua doo peng yo, nee how.
When Erin does the cartwheel and he flips out 🤣
You were in the parking lot earlier! Thats how I know you!
Creed when he starts to cry when Jim plays that opera music to screw with Dwight and his mallard
It's Halloween. That is really, really good timing.
When he hitchhikes on his office's work bus by accident
"I am not offended by homosexuality. In the 60s I made love to many many women often outdoors in the mud and the rain and it's possible a man slipped in would be no way of knowing."
www.creedthoughts.gov.www/creedthoughts. Check it out.
A Copier did tricks on the high wire, a strongman crushed a turtle, not a bad for a day in the life of a dog food company
Have I ever steered you wrong Jim? (Talking to Andy)
Almost everything he said was gold, but my favorite has to be:  "It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But, no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home."
Just pretend we’re talking until the cops leave.
"Hey, bro, I've been meaning to ask you, can we get some Red Bull for these things? Sometimes a guy's got to ride the bull. Am I right? Later, skater."
Qu... qual... quabbidy! No, that’s not it but I’m close.
He don't give a eff about nothing!
Andrea is the office bitch
 Nobody just picks up Get Out of Jail Free cards. Those things cost thousands.
Meridiths hogging the can.   I’m a normal person but I do one weird thing. I use the women’s bathroom for number 2s. I have been caught several times and I have paid dearly.
Keep it running
STRIKE RUN SCREAM
Hey guys. Somebody making soup? (there's a turd in Michael's office)
My favourite Creed moment is when the office is stuck in the lobby after hours and Jim is asking for the name of the security guard and Creed is the only one who knows. It’s such a subtle scene that is perfect for his character.
I know exactly what he’s talking about. I sprout Mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious, but they smell like death.
Decapitated, whole big thing. We had a funeral for a bird.
“So there I was minding my own business, when Darnell comes up and offers me $3 to do this. Darnell’s a chump. I would’ve done it for anything. I’ve done a lot more for a lot less.”
Get's his picture taken for his photo id...and by habit turns turns 90 degrees for the side photo.
"Hey guys, who's making soup?" Is by far my favorite Creed line. After countless times watching this scene, I still laugh as if I heard it the first time.
BOBODY
I'm a pretty normal guy. I do one weird thing. I like to go in the women's room for #2. I've been caught several times, and I have paid dearly.
I’ve never owned a refrigerator before
Find out what language this is...  PERSHOGGILY TEEEEKKK CLOFNEAR NEFFSTAR EEMUS EE SPRRPASTA
Let‘s go Gang
Fuck you ! Fuck you!
When Pam gets Michael's chair, I get Pams chair.  Only one more to go.
Quabity assuance… no no no no, thats not it, but im getting close
Beach day, you see Creed catch a fish and then a while later he rejoins the group and goes "nobody told me we were having hot dogs," and the camera zooms in on the fish skeleton in his hand which, presumably, he ate raw
I stopped caring a long time ago.
Hands down this  In the parking lot today, there was a circus. The copier did tricks on the high wire. A lady tried to give away a baby that looked like a cat. There was a Dwight impersonator and a Jim impersonator. A strongman crushed a turtle. I laughed and I cried. Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company.
Oscar: "Hey where's Dwight?" Creed: "Oh you didn't hear, decapitated. Whole big thing. We had a funeral for a bird"  Jim: "...I'm pretty sure none of that's real" Creed: "YOU'RE NOT REAL!"
"A lot of jazz cats are blind. But they can play the piano like nobody's business. I'd like to put the piano in front of Pam, without her glasses, and see what happens. I'd also like to see her topless."  Just zero fucks given.
“I’m dancing as fast as I can!!”
Christmas season 2 when he gives Jim a used shirt   After Jim explains his theory about what happened, it cuts to Creed and he says “that’s exactly what happened”
putting coins in the printer
The Omaha beach line
Creed: "Find out what language this is" \*Speaks incoherently\*  Jordan: \*Looks at the camera annoyed\*
“He don’t give an ef about NOTHIN”
"Jim has got it bad for Pam."  "Oh, which one's Pam?"
"The guy was just hanging brain, what's all the fuss?"
Nothing! Nothing going on, we were talking about nothing. Come on gang!
I love when he is trying to remember his role as Quality Assurance and calls it "Quabity Ashuwits."   Also the Christmas episode when everyone is shouting out Christmas themes and he says "Tapas Swiss Miss" wanting Spanish Tapas and Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa but everyone looks at him like he's crazy lol
Erin: I did it! I did a cartwheel! Creed: Fk you Fk you!!!
All narutall. Swing low, sweet chariots.
It’s pronounced kernel!
"In the parking lot today, there was a circus. The copier did tricks on the high wire. A lady tried to give away a baby that looked like a cat. There was a Dwight impersonator and a Jim impersonator. A strongman crushed a turtle. I laughed and I cried. Not bad for a day in the life of a dog food company."
Boboddy, what does the first B stand for
“I’m a pretty normal guy. I do one weird thing. I like to go in the women’s room for number two. I’ve been caught several times and I have paid dearly”
She’s one sassy black lady!
Favorite moment is when they are having a conference room meeting with Toby about defending yourself and he slapped Meridith on the head screams and runs out of the room.
‘You were in the parking lot earlier, that’s how I know you!’
When he’s flying the helicopter on the roof and asks Jim who the other guy he is with when Jim is with no one. And later you find out Creed is wanted for stealing military grade LSD. Makes you wonder how many days he was on the lsd he stole and who he saw with Jim
"Thanks! Playing a little hooky from work today!"  *Sees the whole office in the workbus as he enters*  "Oh my god"
Creed's face when Oscar fell through the ceiling during the fire drill 🤣
“Someone making soup?”
I find it offensive. Au natural baby. Swing low sweet chariots 😆
When he plays his guitar
(With blood splatter all over his shirt and face) “it’s Halloween! That’s really really really really good timing”.
You are not real man
Strike, scream, and run. Alright, let’s try it
When he and Kevin agree on something. It worries me, but I love it.
Toby: “Strike, scream, and run. Alright let’s try it.”  *Creed stands up and slaps Meredith*  Creed: “YAAIIII”  *Creed runs away from the conference room*
‘Au natural - Swing low, sweet chariots’  Or   ‘I’m not offended by homosexuality. In the sixties I made love with many women, often in the mud and the rain, it’s possible a man could have slipped in - there’s be no way of knowing’
Hey guys, somebody making soup?
That wasn't a tapeworm.
Two eyes, two ears. A chin, a mouth. Ten fingers, two nipples. A butt, two kneecaps, a penis. I have just described to you… the Loch Ness Monster. And the reward for his capture: all the riches in Scotland. So I have one question: why are you here?
When he was visibly impressed by Deangelo’s juggling show.
Talking about Charles:  Phyllis “I never see him drink, I never see him eat”  Stanley: “I don’t think he even uses the bathroom”  Creed: “Oh he does… hee does.”
Fav Creed moment is when he starts crying after Jim blasts the opera M'appari in his office with Dwight's d- ...mallard.
When everyone is gagging and complaining about the poop in Michael's office and Creed walks in and says "Mmmm. Somebody making soup?"
F*** you f*** you f*** you!!! To Erin once she did said perfect cartwheel 🤣
Did one of you tell Stanley that I have asthma. 'Cause I don't. If this gets out, they won't let me scuba. And if I can't scuba, what am I working toward?
I know exactly what he's talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk. Very nutritious, but they smell like death.
“I saw you in the parking lot earlier, that’s how I know you!”
The only difference between me and a homeless man, is this job. I will do whatever it takes to survive. Like I did, when I was a homeless man.
“You were in the parking lot earlier. That’s how I know you!” - Creed
I know what he’s talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk draw. Very nutritious, but they smell like death.
I am not offended by homosexuality, in the 60s, I made love to many women, often outdoors in the mud and rain. It’s possible a man could’ve slipped in there. There’d be no way of knowing.
When he smacks Angela and runs out the conference room. I forget the context but I lmao every time lol
That’s Andrea the office bitch.  Just keep taking until the cops leave.
Amanda is the office bitch
Pam’s smile after this was precious!
He was just too excessively weird for me. I found him annoying.
Gotta be that that’s what she line
I've never owned a refrigerator before.
 "I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious, but they smell like death."
"YOU'RE NOT REAL MAN"
We should hang out by the quarry and throw things down there.
“You were in the parking lot earlier that’s where I know you”
Jinx, buy me some coke
“ no seriously what do I do here, qua quaaa quaility assuiance. No, but I’m getting close “
When Holly first comes and asks him what he does. " I sholda wrote it down, why is this chic asking so many questions?"
My man would have murdered Erin if no one was around.
The parking lot! That’s where I know you from!
When he's wearing the top half of a suit, gray sweatpants, and neon green crocs.  (season 9 episode 8)
BOBODDY
I like it! Biznus, gooood Kevin!!
Don't worry ill tell you, just let me get settled in real quick boss...
When he nailed it I even cheered! Lol
You’re not real man!!!
This is honestly one of my favorite moments in any show ever.   It’s so pure and wholesome and juxtaposed perfectly by just how weird and gross Creed usually is.   It always makes me laugh.
I’m 30. We’ll, in November I’ll be 30.
Someone makin' soup?
I’m having trouble motivating
“It’s Halloween. That’s really, really good timing.”
The only difference between me and a homeless man is this job. I will do whatever it takes to survive. Like I did when I was a homeless man.
If that’s flashing lock me up
Keep it running
For me it’s, “I watch you when you sleep”.
You're not real man!!!
Quabity assuance
When he smacked Meredith in the head, screamed and ran away. That part gets me everytime!
“Just pretend you’re interviewing me until the cops leave”
When he says he didn't know it was wear a costume to work day, but he is covered in blood and everyone thinks it's just his Halloween costume. I don't really wanna know what he did to get covered in blood, Creed is one out there mofo and everything he does is crazy, he is a good character. It was hard to pick which one of Creeds moments was my favorite.
Is somebody making soup?
BOBODIES, tied with "there could have been a man in there, there was no way of knowing"
Swing low sweet chariots
“I find it offensive. Au naturel baby, that’s how I like em! Swing low sweet chariots.” and the fortunate for me it’s was halloween
The cartwheel is probably my favorite Creed part! He might be the best character.
"I know where the wall goes."  Saw it in a deleted scene for the first time about a week ago and couldn't stop laughing for the entire rest of the scene.
So, hey, I want to set you up with my daughter
HANK. His name is HANK.
Dwight "and Jim"  Meridith "Yea! wait who said that?"  Dwight "I think it was Creed"  Creed "Yep"
Over 75 division. Whats the prize money?
“I know exactly what he's talking about. I sprout mung beans on a damp paper towel in my desk drawer. Very nutritious, but they smell like death.”
Bobody bobody alright let's start with he b
My husband  and I say BOBODY at least once a day.
When he becomes the new manager.  “Keep it running.” *throws keys to no one*
“Later Skater”
What he hit screams runs
My son just learned how to do a cartwheel, I quoted this line. He didn’t find it as funny as I did.
🎶 I watch you when you sleep...🎶
Keep it runnin’
"strike, scream, run" or the time where he was regional director of the Scranton branch
It's Halloween. That is really, really good timing.
"Jinx, buy me some coke"
“I pay for this privilege” 🤣
you’re gonna somersault around for the rest of your life, and you know what’s going to be on your tombstone? loser.
I love how he pronounces it lol. “Cartwill.”
You can't go by Monopoly rules, man!
“Jinx, buy me some coke.”
Which one is Pam?
“Find out what language this is…blarg galega dua sndka “
“It’s Halloween… that is really, really good timing”
"You're not real, man!"
Jinx buy me some coke
Creed: *sat at his desk making no effort to get involved*  Michael: Creed, disqualified!  Creed: OH COME ON!
This whole scene by him but specifically:  “You don’t go by Monopoly man, that game is nuts. Nobody just picks up get out of jail free cards, those things cost thousands.”
"SIR, there's been a murderrrr, and you are a suspect"  "Hang on just a second, let me settle in and I'll be right back"
One that goes under the radar is when Jim is running from Charles, and he sees Creed on the roof flying a drone..   "I was never here" - Jim   "What about your friend?" - Creed
"Andrea's the office bitch. You'll get used to her."
[When they finally break Creed.](https://youtu.be/L3zf3RL0oqA)
Fuck you fuck you!
Pocketing the money for the lady he scams into getting fired.
"cool beans man. I live by the quarry. We should hang out by the quarry, throw things down there"
‘’Hey guys, somebody making soup?’’
Jinx! Buy some some coke
When Creed yells, “F*** you!!!! F*** you!!!!” later in the episode I die every time
BoBODY boBODY whAT Does it Mean?
My favorite quote is creeds favorite quote too
Strike, scream, run
The mung beans line and him asking Jim if he wants to go throw stuff in the quarry.
"It's gotta be like the tide at Omaha Beach."
“Cool beans, man. I live by the Quarry. You and I should go to the Quarry and throw THINGS down there.”
"That's the office bitch, you'll get used to her. Creed Bratton." (Offers handshake)
“The Taliban’s the worst. Great Heroin, though.”
“it’s inappropriate for Karen to poach Stanley. Boiling makes human flesh rubbery.”
I remember it was very late at night, like 11,11:30, big fella comes in screaming about God knows what, I think maybe Halpert had stolen his car, something like that. So the big fella pulls out a sock filled with nickels, then Schrute grabs a can of hairspray & a lighter
I say this weekly.
Came here to say this!
I just said this earlier
The chair. Absolutely kills me.
The guy was just hanging brain. I mean what is all the fuss?… If that's flashing then lock me up.
You were in the parking lot earlier, that’s how I know you
Oh hey that’s my flair
He also has no arms or legs. I checked.
Haha this moment is hilarious. The way he yelps!
"What the hell Toby?"
The was one of the best unexpected moments of the Office. To me, it's right up there with Angela throwing Bandit in the roof during Dwight's fire drill.
*huuuh* nooo, it's marijuana :(
"I was supposed to meet someone last week, but he or she wasn't there, and i'm trying to remember who it was. So who wasn't there last week? *Debbie Brown*. And which day was that?"
Him supposedly collecting money for her then pocketing it in the elevator is great
“I feel horrible for Debbie Brown. She got fired because of Dwight.”
The only difference between me and a homeless man is this job. I will do whatever it takes
Debbie Brown
Tbf it was the one year he decided to blow it off
Why does bad things happen to good people?
That wasn’t a tapeworm.
I loved that episode
That's my favorite!
This one
Absolutely this one
he isn’t bothered even by Meredith vomiting in close vicinity
Someone makin’ soup?
One of my favorite Creed moments!
This is the correct answer.
I just wanna do that!
You're useless. *goes back to computer
This one is my personal favorite
If my parents see this I am toast
I love when they come in for the portrait studio
"In the mud, in the rain" lol
Creed’s brief stint as manager is one of the funniest things ever
What does the first B stand for?
…what’re we doing?
Yea. This is my favorite as well. What he says right before this too.
My favorite part about this interchange is that Creed is remembering Michael's old boss Ed Truck (who got decapitated by a truck) and the funeral they actually had for a bird in a shoebox because Michael was grieving (which Dwight comically blew out with a fire extinguisher). But Jim was at the Stamford branch at the time, so his response of "pretty sure none of that was real" is totally inaccurate, and Creed's anger is on point, even if he does confuse Dwight for Ed.
Wasn't the worst Mandarin I've heard on US television (that goes to Firefly!).
This one always gets me!
This is by far my favorite quote. It’s so abrupt and well timed, kills me every time
YES!!
This one is my favorite.  There’s no explanation of all of the blood and it’s never referenced again.  Creed is an enigma.  My other favorite quote of his is, “*I’ve been involved in a number of cults, both as a leader and a follower. You have more fun as a follower, but you make more money as a leader.*”
This one is my favorite! I had to scroll way too far down for it haha
Creed was definitely an interesting young man in his time
I forgot about this and just lol'd!
"I've read some of it. Even for the internet, it's pretty shocking."
This is my absolute favorite
This sort of implies that Creed convinced Jim to kiss Pam that night when she was engaged to Roy?
Finally! This was so nice to hear.
I always loved this quote. It took me a long time to realize that it is foreshadowing that he'll be fine in prison, as the camera pans out and he's in handcuffs.
"What is wrong with this woman?!"
Lol I work in QA for tech and whenever people ask me what I do I get a strong urge to tell them “quabbidy assuance”
Ah yes when he walks into the ladies' with earphones in to do a number 2, only to see the rest of the male part of the office lounging in the sofas.
This!!!
I say this to this day whenever I smell something awful
What kind of soup does Creed eat I wonder.
This one is especially hilarious to me because he constantly gets everyone else’s name totally wrong
YOU’RE NOT REAL
This is my favorite
Him dumping the chips in his sleeves.
"WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS WOMAN?! SHE'S ASKING AbOUT STUFF THAT'S NOBODY'S BUSINESS! WHAT DO I DO.. REALLY, WHAT DO I DO HERE? 0 SHOULD HAVE WRITTEN IT DOWN.. QUA-SOMETHING..
Just rereading this made me laugh so hard.
Like the tide at Omaha Beach
If that’s flashing then lock me up
Glad to see this one here
At Nellys party or in the finale?
This is my absolute favorite Creed moment.  Makes me laugh heartily (and rewind many times) every single time.
It was meridian and I think it was Toby’s self Defence class
You're not real man!
I’m w ya - It’s written on my bathroom mirror
“no, he’s still deciding..”  “DAHTTTTTT”
We need a The Office What If with stuff like "Creed gets three chairs"
That’s my favorite line of the show
How do you add that quote under your username??? Amazing.
Could he hear, see, or speak?
Please remind me what episode is this from
It's labeled
Wednesday the eleventh, perfect
Like I did... when I was a homeless man.
I dont think we want to go purely by seniority.
BIZNESS  (i forget exactly how he writes it)
To be fair, he's an interesting old man too.
Knowing creed, I imagine that completely rules out the possibility of creed ever giving jim advice
Mung bean soup
Probably some soup from the homeless shelter
The mystery of what he will do with the chairs is infinitely funnier than any possible solution the writers could make
This is how he led a nation
S08 E17
...damn it!
I like it!
“I told you, no more answers.”
There is so much weird merch for this show.
Makes you really appreciate good acting.   But also makes you appreciate how fun the office is
Honesty not even a bad job that was still pretty funny
As a Tennessee fan, I am required to say this sucks, but as an office fan, I appreciate the hell out of it.
This is gold
Lol, this is amazing. Surprisingly good acting too.
They did a pretty good job
This is amazing.
Eat that, Carl Lewis!!!
Don’t know who they are but I’m here for it. They did a good job
Hahaha this is amazing
Lol 😂
How fast did the Cockaboose go?
Absolute win. Sooo good.
Lol gamecocks
Eye love it
This isn't even good.  The timing on a lot of this stuff was off.
So good
Love it!
That was awesome, thank you for this
Don't say cocks
That’s amazing
Thats actually spot on 🤣
this is awesome!
I love this so much
This really made me smile (and I’m not in a smiley mood today)
🤣
He even nailed the timing and tone of “beat it!” That was great.
You hear so many times on the office ladies podcast if a scene was improvised or scripted and so many times they confirm its scripted. Kinda make sense ‘cause during the whole show it feels like people are just hangin’ out at the office
As a Clemson fan, I will second this.
I'm still thinking about how Angela thinks a layup is just shooting the ball
Have you lost your mind cause I’ll help you find it.
Why do you keep CC'ing me on things that have nothing to do with me?
YOU JUST GOT MEATBALLED!!!!  Or from a blooper scene: WE GET TO GO HOME!!!  The whole cast broke character.
"I Do Not Like Pregnant Women In My Workspace. They’re Always Complaining. I Have Varicose Veins, Too. I Have Swollen Ankles. I’m Constantly Hungry. Do You Think My Nipples Don’t Get Sore Too?” And as he’s saying this the camera shows him suffering too.
I’ve seen some favorite quotes from characters posts in this sub recently. Always good for a laugh. Today’s character is Stanley the Manly. I’ll start.   When Meredith is drunk and her hair is on fire, Stanley is the first to announce it by slightly raising his voice and saying   “She’s burnin’”
Why don’t you mind your business?
Not a quote, but the pizza slice was hilarious.
Now my house has two toasters.
There’s already a twist. You’re carrying an egg on a spoon.
It might be easier if you take a deep breath, lift from the knees, and shove it up your butt!
You’re a nice guy, Jim, but you have no idea how to vacation. Find some Kenny Loggins.   Loggins and Messina.   Did I say Messina?  *peels out*
This is like, the 8th "favorite Stanley quotes" post I've seen in the last 2 days.  So. That being said.   Hey guys, just wanted to ask what your favorite Stanley quote is? Mine was "I swear to God I didn't kill her, she just slipped and fell. I would never lay a hand on her. She was the love of my life. That's not a gunshot wound, what are you talking about? ***Get out of my house!***"  *Classic Stan-Lan-Da-BamBamBam.*
It's like I used to tell my wife. I do not apologize unless I think I'm wrong. And if you don't like it you can leave. And I say the same thing to my current wife and I'll say it to my next one, too.
“I do not think that is funny”   Set off the most epic jinx of all time. The rules are unflinchingly rigid
Fun story: I printed out a picture of Stanley saying “You just got meatballed!” And put it up at my work a few months ago. I’ve never said anything about it and I don’t know if anyone got the reference, but it’s still where I put it.
ARE YA READY FOR SOME MEATBALLS???  Also, yes that [WE GET TO GO HOME](https://youtu.be/sDGpC4uVwQo) outtake is so damn good. John Krasinski is dying
That’s awesome, I hope someone picks up on it
Creed, Dwight, Stanley
Dwight loses his mind for months.   Oscar and Stanley are back to work next day. They don't care. Unless they can get a day off out of it.
Ed Truck — the guy who used to have Michael’s job — died, and nobody cared.
Don't know, but creed for sure would leave the sh*t out of town immediately because the cop are going to investigate what happened.
Dwight’s grieves the longest, Stanley doesn’t care, and Angela grieves the shortest
I think Meredith and Creed might tie for quickest... lol
'See you tomorrow boss'  -Creed-
This 100% ^
But he didn't die in front of everyone...now that..that would make everyone always remember you and have trauma
There seems to be a vocal minority that has trouble differentiating the characters from the actors.
People hate Ed helms? Damn, he’s one of my absolute fave actors. Loved him in The Hangover and Vacation
For most, it's only the last 2 seasons that we hate him. They totally changed his character.
As Phyllis once said “there’s just something there you don’t wanna look at” that’s how I feel about Ed Helms. I just don’t like him, someone about his face and expressions irritates me. It may come from my deep hate of Andy but idk
Found Ed helms burner account.
I never knew anyone hated Andy until I saw this sub. I remember when the show was actually on people loved the character, many calling him their favorite. Personally he’s my third fav after Michael and Dwight. It’s a typical phenomenon for Reddit subs to over blow weird opinions and make them look like they’re common.
I guess I'm the only one who really liked Andy in every season. I never pick up on things like this. I'll like a character for 10+ years and suddenly discover that everyone else hates them. The same situation happened with Jar Jar Binks.
Andy is adorable.
He’s tolerable in seasons 4-7 but completely vile in season 3 and painstakingly awful in the final two seasons. He was Michael Scott lite in 8 with godawful writing, and I don’t who or what came back from the boat in season 9 but it needed to stay there.
I don't hate him as an actor, in fact I liked his movies We're The Millers, The Hangover & Vacation, but season 8 & 9 Andy was terrible. I also didn't like him in the beginning of season 3 but between seasons 4 - 7 I started to like him but imo the writers fucked him up ever since he became regional manager.
There’s something about the underdog that truly inspires… the unexceptional.
I personally don’t like Ed Helms in anything he does. I love the hangover, but not really because of him. His character changed in the final seasons after the Hangover and his career took off. From what I read, Ed Helms cashed in on that and it heavily influence his role on the show after that. He went from background character, hated a little less than Gabe, to the manager? And I loathe the entire “Aruba Aruba” story line.
I love him on The Office. And everything. He’s very talented.
His character is annoying
Just stop singing. Stop. And Ed helms tries to hard. To be funny. And he’s not.
I think they swapped him out for his twin brother, Ted Helms, after season 5. This was due to Ed Helms filming movies such as the hangover
He should never have committed to the lead role in The Office if he had plans to be absent to film 'bigger' projects.  I've not seen him in anything else, so I can't comment on other work.
Someone just needs to ban him from singing. His singing has absolutely never enhanced any aspect of any episode of anything he has ever acted in, and in fact has done quite the opposite. His a capella stuff isn't even cringe funny, it's just  irritating. Just stop singing, man.
Rit dit dit dit do!
i find ed helms very hot. <3
I loved him in We're The Millers
The Hangover is one of my favorite films because of him, just notice a lot of people in this sub hate on him a lot, mostly because of Andy in the last couple seasons which I get. But that’s not his fault
Vacation is pretty funny, despite the reviews.
Agreed, just noticed some who think it’s because of bad acting and not bad writing
That's how I feel about Phyllis.
Ed Helms is one of my least favorite actors, and it’s 100% his face/facial expressions for me too. I don’t mind Andy the character all that much, I just don’t like Ed’s face lol
It’s Edward now, actually.
It's Egg.
Jar Jar is the most important characters in Star Wars, don’t let anyone tell you different
Most of that can be blamed on the writers IMO. They ruined his character at the end
Me too, I love that movie
Yeah I loved Vacation. Him and Christina Applegate together were 🙌🏽🙌🏽
Exactly.
Yeah I'm not gonna call you that
Andyyyy...
That’s okay. I can’t control what you do. I can only control what *I* do.
Bippity boppity, gimme the zoppity.
I declare bankruptcy!
Sort of an oaky afterbirth.
Do black people like pizza?
It’s Britney bitch
What is “we’re fine”?
JAN HAS PLASTIC BOOBS
BOBODY
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
There has been a murder!
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES!?!
“That’s what she said”
Right back at ya bitch.
Sir, this is a Wendy's
Lord, beer me strength.
Somebody making soup!
$5300 for a dummy?
“Today smokings gonna save lives”
oh hey Cynthia
Oh, how the turntables.
You are the silent killer
FASHION SHOW AT LUNCH!
THE FIRE’S SHOOTING AT US
Oscar, I think I’m gay
What does a bean mean?
DID I STUTTER?!?!?!
Maybe some spaghetti
I Braveheart
PowerPoint, PowerPoint, powerpoint.
Para ti. PARA TI
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galatica
"You've been meat-balled!"
Halfsies? NO wholesies
Perfectenschlag.
You don’t call retards retarded.
Who’s your worm guy?
Should maybe… but shorn’t.
Why use lot word when
Parkour!
Shut up about the sun!
Big butt, bigger heart.
I... Undestand... Nothing!
I comment on every post asking for favorite quote…but still fits. “Crazy world, lotta smells.”  My friends and I quote it constantly
I. DECLARE. BANKRUPTCY!!!!!
Absolutely I do
They’re the same picture.
“She goes to another school”
His cappa was detated
"Jinx...buy me some coke"
Me love you long tim.
I have HEMORRHOIDS!
Do not test my politeness.
You would like jail, Oscar
I understand nothing
But, mistake! Yakuza boss die!
Dunder Mifflin. This is Pam.
Where is the clitoris?
Lord beer me strength
This plantayshun
Tan everywhere. Jan everywhere.
Mo money, mo problems
YOU’RE not real, man!
I’m a little stitious.
Crazy world, lotta smells.
Ohhh which one is Pam?
The dementors!
Get out of my offive.
Lets see your penis!
Boom, roasted!
Even the doctor didn’t know
We're runnin' low on greenbAcks
Who's Sarah Kayacombsin?
gotta watch those carbs
"I'm fine, bitch.  I'm fine."
BFD engaged ain’t married
Dwight mercy-killed Angela’s cat
"I. DECLARE. BANKRUPTCYYYYYYYYY!!"
These are not my shoes!
"I'd shoot Toby twice."
I will have the Gabagool
Where are gay men’s vaginas
Apricots made from real apes
Meredith where are your panties??
Keep it simple, stupid.
C is for suspension!
H-I-R-P-E-
Wait wait wait... They're lithium!
Goldenface, that makes it personal
Bears beats Battlestar Galactica
That wasn’t a tapeworm 🪱
Most obvious one but: that’s what she said
"Who knows? It's 'nebulose'"
Who knows? it's nebulous.
Well that's Dallas.
Let’s youthanize this place
I am a great philanderer.
Dwight you ignorant slut!
We get to go home! (Stanley in the bloopers)
snip snap snip snap
An Obama fashion show
Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration.
I don’t trust you, Phyllis!
Somebody making soup?
You aren’t real man !
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
Crazy world, lotta smells.
Walk away b****!
What does a bean mean
Scissor me !
YIP!  *Creed, as he smacks the back of Meredith’s head*
Aaaaaah I'm gonna kill myself!
I split my scrotum
This is William M Buttlicker!
Hold on, they're lithium!
Lord beer me strength
Early worm gets the worm
Oh how the turntables
You’ll learn, baby. You’ll learn.
“F*ck you! F*ck you!”  ~ Creed watching Erin do a cartwheel
Everybody inside the car was fine, stanley!
We need a new plague
How the turns have tabled
#1 is "The city..."
I love padi.
Dwight, beer me high five!
My, how the turntables….
I would shoot Toby, twice.
Look how the turntables...
I HAVE HEMORRHOIDS!!!!
I am a little stitious
Manuel who?
It destroys art.
Keep it running!
Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica.
Somebody making soup?
0 words - when Jan says something on the meeting table which is an obvious contender for “That’s what she said” but Michael just laughs instead as it was too obvious.
You're so.. white (Michael to Toby)
Ah, this city.
SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!!
Swing low, sweet chariots.
Who are the twins?
I am a littlestious
Don’t be suspicious.
Is it called red vining?
It’s 6 but i can’t help it, close enough: if anything, I’m robbing the grave
OH MY GOD it's happening.
NO! NO, GOD, NO, PLEASE!
Crazy world, lotta smells!
That wasn't a tapeworm.
You’re not real man!
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
“Ah, the city…”
I'm the fucking lizard king
...and Gabey makes three.
Da Belle uh da Ball
I do declare
Why use lot word when
Respect the game
“Halfies?” “Nah Wholesies”
I'm fine. Not I'm not
God I hope it’s urine
Adapt. React. Readapt. Apt.
Snip snap! Snip snap! Snip snap!
I good surgeon. The best 👍👍
i’m a little sticious
Shut up about the sun!
Date Mike, Nice to meet me
YOU’RE NOT REAL MAN!
"Can't talk, saving the planet."
Whose a Michael what?
Baler I hardly know her
Andrea's the office bitch.
See you on the flippity-flip!
What’s up, dog?
Captain jack is a fartface
Don’t be an idiot.
No rest for the sick
My cervix is ripening
I'm in my worky works
Ryan started the fire!
Bears, Beets, Battlestar Galactica!
Un Be Leivable
Judge is in session
I’m the f’ing lizard king
Creed. 🤝
That’s Northern Lights, Cannabis Indica
Tan everywhere, *Jan* everywhere
I'm The Effing Lizard King!
There Is Only Sex.
Big butt. Bigger heart.
“Don’t be an idiot.”
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
It's monster, singular.
Assistant to the regional manager
1. I  2. Am  3. Not  4. A 5. Superstitious
Astird
Oscar: "And one for good measure!"
You read the facts
It's Britney bitch
“Call me back ASAP as possible”
I am a little stitious.
The fires shooting at us!
I will have the gabagool.
Giant check it is!
The city...
Should but shornt
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Well, I like pretzel day
I’m a little stitious.
When few word do trick.
“identity theft is not a joke jim!”  i know it’s 7 but it’s close enough 🫣
I....HAVE.....HEMORRHOIDS!!!!
I have Country Crock
What's "updog"?
Turns out, it’s pretty realistic.
Walk away, bitch.   -Gabewad
The safety is…on.
The man exudes sex
No Woman! No cry!
“I’ll be 6”
“But in a much more real sense…” is a phrase I use at least once a week.   As in, “And I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.”
I understand nothing.
Maybe you should estimate me.
That’s what she said!
Oh my god! It’s happening! 🔥
You are the silent killer
DWIGHT GET OUT OF MY NOOK
“𝘈𝘭𝘳𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘵 𝘈𝘯𝘨𝘦𝘭𝘢 𝘤𝘢𝘭𝘮 𝘥𝘰𝘸𝘯!”
OK. See you later, Pan.
God I hope it’s Urin
#SAVE BANDIT!!!!!
HR is a joke
YOU KIDDING ME PAM?!
Out of paper, out of stock   There's friendly faces around the block   So break loose from the chains that are causing you pain.....  &#x200B;  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
You were in the parking lot earlier, thats how I know you!
dwight you ignorant slut!
Oscar you’re gay. Boom, roasted
i’m the f*cking lizard king
Cream and sugar!
Dank and flicka
Hey I just wanted to let you know that just saying it doesn’t do anything
… … … what was that?
Watched that last night!
\*Raises eyebrows, frowns, nods head\*
...and I am back
I HAVE HEMORRHOIDS
He never called a meeting.
I LIKE IT! “biznus”
I tried to post this quote on Instagram and got a temporary ban
I do declare…😏
Runs back to car and drives away
WHERE ARE THEYYYY
WHERE ARE THE *CHOCOLATE* TURTLES?!
Damn it, Kevin. Well, I'd like to place an order.
Yesssss!  I absolutely love this one - and it's such an off handed throwaway line..  I love  Creed
The city...
Moments before disaster
What up Cynthia?
Yeah, you'll see...
kevin, you’re not gay
Michael… am I gay?
How could that possibly fall to me?
WHAT DOES A BEAN MEAN?!
I think you do, mon
YOURE a presentation TOOL
🤣🤣
Scrolling just to find this.
Perfect pork anus?
It’s bad taste
You’re paying way too much for worms.
What is it about shorn’t that you don’t understand?
few word do trick😎
Hardcore parkour!
My wife made a sign for our bathroom that says “Just poopin’. You know how I be. - Michael Scott”
We had a funeral for a bird
long time. me lobe yoy long time.
You don't know about jail? You would LOVE jail
Dunder Mifflin. This is.
Teehee
That's no burst pipe
It destroys souls!
My 6 word quote: “tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere.”
I always thought it was "dinkin' flicka"
I didn't say it, I declared it
I did this with my convertible
Micheal yelling this is my uncles ringtone when anyone calls
Delta Burke I do declare!
“Dwight, we’re not mad. We’re just disappointed.”  “No, we are mad.”  “Yes, we are mad. But we’re going to let this one slide.”  “No, we’re not.”  “I am not a mind reader, David.”
I love this line and how it's delivered. I say it 100% of the time I see a city scape and no one ever knows what I'm talking about.
Michael, am I gay
Stop it
And that’s the X axiks
Gutenprank.
“You call your friends retards when they’re acting retarded.” Gets me every time.
I’m doing this haha
That’s not real.
BOOBS
Because you… you would love it.
Suddenly, I was awake
It is.
Yeah, been a minute
No rest for the sick.
It's really a beautiful bit of acting.  Right!? Me too haha. It's definitely a deep-track.
This made me audibly laugh, thank you
Evil Dwight be like "lions. Apples. Star wars"
well... evil-*er*
Clarice...
You're evil... like a hobbit
Identity theft is one thing, but identity parody is quite another! Michael!
Hands down my favorite blooper
He was on screen for like 2 seconds and barely had any lines lol I don’t think anything of him
I think he’s not into Oscar.
You can be gay with him. Just be straight with Darryl.
He’s a dummy
Forgettable
What’s w the edited little Santa hat
Mark? He was okay. He had some pâté.
Meh
Think Oscar had him intrigued.  “Pam I know what I’m doing”
Go Oscar
Cute! I wish he was on the show longer and Oscar could have dated him for a little bit.   I don’t think they would have been a long term thing as Oscar was a lot more well read.
I think his dad was on Wings.
Mark is pretty cute
Not the sharpest tool in the shed
He was a possible danger to Oscar's spine.
I don't. He's 100% forgettable.
I think he’s gay
Looks just like The Vault Boy from Fallout.
That’s so strange how many poor love lines in Office. But Darryl’s was peak in that sense. So much screen-time wasted to end with nothing lol  Both Kevin’s relationships ended behind the screen so character wasn’t developed in that way at all
Hi. I’m forgettable actor Bill Pullman.
Go gay warehouse guy
I love American dad.
Didn't all of the Stamford people quit or get fired within the first week?
toby is fine? idk i don’t think i could work with the scranton strangler
MICHAEL!!!!
There’s that smudgeness.
After working in various offices for 20 years, and now having worked 3 years from home, I can say that I do miss certain things, obviously the friendships and all that.   I also think all this working remotely is terrible for society in the long run, primarily for young people who already have all kinds of social anxieties and so on thanks to the internet…but that’s another discussion.
I work a really busy and physical job and would never trade it for that kind of slow boring office job. If you like what you’re doing an office job is great but if you don’t, every shift just draaaaags
Yes and you’re next!
Well, Andy endured 😂
So anyway, what do you think about my offer?
Seriously?
That’s not a hate crime  Well *I* hated it!
Everyone inside the car was fine, Stanley!
Oscar: next year…  Michael: I’ll be 6. One of my favourite quick jokes/lines lmao
You cheated on me?  When I specifically asked you not to?
Why are you the way that you are?
“Im glad you called, Ryan is being a little bitch again” “I’m on Michael” “what’s up my brother!”
I love inside jokes. I’d love to be a part of one someday.
Just poopin’ you know how I be
So sue me!.. No, don't sue me.
“His *capa* was *detated* from his head”
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Catch you on the flipety flip  Also, “yeppers”
That's sort of an oaky afterbirth
Abraham Lincoln once said that if you’re a racist, I will attack you with the North
Snip snap snip snap snip snap! You have no idea the toll that three vasectomies have on a person!
No, I don't want some aspirin. Yeah, I am fussy!
Yesterday, I was scraping some gunk off my wall sockets with a metal fork and I gave myself the nastiest shock. And when I came to, I had an ✨epiphery✨. Life is precious. And if I die, I want my son to know the dealio. The dealio of life.  And  Stanley you be pimpin’
"Where are the TURTLES? WHERE ARE THEY?"  The delivery is just perfect
The worst thing about prison was the .. THE DEMENTORS -THEY WERE FLYING ALL OVER THE PLACE and they sucked the soul out of ya and it HUERT
I am an early bird and a night owl, so I am wise, and I have worms.
Should, but shornt.
"Okay, too many different words coming at me from too many different sentences."  i say this all the time in my head
THATS A 200$ TV YOU JUST KILLED, GOOD LUCK PAYING ME BACK WITH YOUR 0 SALARY PLUS BENEFITS BABE!! Or IIII have a laundry machine!
*Sighhh* These are not my shoes
“So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just have to wait out you.”  I love seeing Michael be competent once in a while.
Yeah, well maybe next time you will estimate me.
A good boss doesn’t fire people, Ryan, he hires and inspires people. And people will never go out of business.
“I am going to be Cupid. And I'm going to shoot my sparrow at unsuspecting victims and they are going to get hit and say, ‘I'm in love. I was hit by Cupid's sparrow.’ Funny little bird, but he gets the job done.”
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
Ok, I'm going to ask you a question and I want you to be honest with me. What is a pallet?
Hey, what up, Cynthia? *gasp*
“Why don’t you have a glass of apple juice and tell me you’re not diabetic”  Stanley grunts  “See i could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you have diabetes”  The blooper is one of my favorites    https://www.reddit.com/r/DunderMifflin/comments/o3z2r8/one_of_the_best_bloopers_in_the_office/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Everyone laughin to wake up Michael Michael- "whats so funny" Pam- "you'd have to be there" Michael- "Okay, geography joke!"  I use this everytime someone says youd have to be there😂
“If I had a gun with two bullets, and I was in a room with Hitler, bin-Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.”
“His last name is Christ, he has the power of flight”
"Toby works for HR, so he's not really a part of our family... and he's divorced, so he's not really a part of his family"
My Heart soars with the eagle’s nest.
These are announcements, you just dont care about the information
Gets up from the conference table. Walks over to the window. Stares out pensively.    “The city…”
David here it is  my philosophy is basically this and this is something that I live by  and I always have and I always will Don’t ever for any reason Do anything to anyone for any reason Ever no matter what no matter w where or or who or who you are With! Or where you are going or where you’ve been! Ever! For any reason whatsoever
"Sitting in my office with a plate of grilled bacon, called my man Dwight just to see what was shakin."
Dwight: “…And I knew that you would do that, their meatball parm is their WORST SANDWICH!”  Michael: “ah! BASTARD!”
“Very cool you went back and got your degree”
"Oh, you are very exotic looking...was your Dad a GI?"
No doubt about it, I’m ready to get hurt again
You have no idea how high I can fly.
Monkey see, monkey do.  Monkey pee all over you.  I laugh like a 10 year old every time I watch that scene.
SPRINKLES?!
Everyone inside the car was fine....or can she fit in a rowboat.....or I declare Bankruptcy!!!!!!!!!
"NOOO GOD! NO. GOD. PLEASE. NO. NO!!! NO!!! NOOOOOO!!!"
I have cause… it’s beCAUSE I hate you!!!
Bouncer: Do we have a problem ??  Date Mike: Yes. Homelessness   Gets me every time
Crazy world lots of smells
Well, Happy Birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
Well, why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors?
“Tell him to call me ASAP as possible.”
Dwight you ignorant slut!
"Finish your cake, Helene"
Michael: Hey Jan, just wanted to call and wish you a happy birthday.  Jan: It isn’t my birthday…  Michael: Oh…really? I thought we had the same birthday.  Jan: (sigh) Happy Birthday, Michael…
Take headed of
Was a weird day. I accidentally cross-dressed.
I am dead inside.
My new online dating screen name: little kid lover. That way women will know where my priorities are
“I drove my car into a -beep-ing lake” —it was so jarring to hear this for the first time because you never heard curse words on the show. But more than that, the completely condescending delivery of it was magical. It just drips of “listen again, asshole, because I’m not going to say this again”
Does that make me there doctor? Yes, like a specialist
I have cause, David. It is becaaaaaause I hate him.
"You don't know me Pam, you've only seen my penis."
‘’I like this chair. Offers good support. It is Urkel-nomically correct’
Maybe next time you should estimate me.
I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
Any time someone calls him out and/or annoys him, mainly Dwight, and he mutters “shhhhut iiiit” under his breath.
Dink n Flicka
When Michael knows about the bonus from returning the surplus, Oscar asks, “does anyone know what 15% of $4300 is?” Michael responds “$645” then Kevin says “Michael is a genius! Hey Michael, what’s 394 time 5,912?” Michael says, “Let’s see” as he thinks about it 😂
 Of all the idiots in all the idiot villages in all the idiot worlds, you stand alone, my friend.
"ahhh the proct.... the prodigal... My son returns"
"I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do."
“Okay! Wow! Easy booster seat. Nobody cares about this party anyway.”  One of several barbs he directed Angela’s way in Launch Party.
Well, well, well — how the turntables
You expect to get screwed by your company, but you never expect to get screwed by your girlfriend.😢
That baby's gonna have lot of hair.
I would never say this to her face, but she's a wonderful person and a gifted artist.
Sometimes I just start a sentence and I don’t even know where it’s going. I just hope I find it along the way
“Explain it to me like I’m in 3rd grade”  “Okay. Explain it to me like I’m in first grade”
I felt much stronger yesterday
Oscar Meyer Weiner Lover
“Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.”
Tan almost everywhere, Jan almost everywhere
"I have egg in my Crocs."
“STAY F*****G CALM!”
God I hope it’s urine.
It's like all my kids grew up and married each other! 🤣
I. Declare. BANKRUPTCY!!   I didn’t say it. I declared it.
I’m going through a bit of a rough patch, the whole year actually
“I tried hopping, Kevin. I bumped my elbow against the wall and now my elbow has a protuberance.”
"Then suddenly she's not your hoe no mo"  Honorable mention: "it's britney bitch"
I hate... *so much* about the things that you choose to be.
Really? What's her name ... ^(Burger King?)
I just recently watched the Fire Safety episode and Micheal and Dwight have to go to corporate twice for a sit down with David Wallace. The second time it's because of the First Aide dummy that Dwight destroyed and David Wallace says, "Now we have to pay $2500 to replace the dummy." and Micheal response with, "Five thousand Two Hundred dollars, that's crazy." and everyone stops and gives him an awkward look. I never noticed that until this last watch.
Meredith was hit by a car. It happened this morning in the parking lot. I took her to the hospital and the doctors tried to save her life. They did the best that they could...  And she is going to be okay.
"I'm really proud of you".  Always gets me tearing up between him and Pam.  He may be a goof but he has his moments of care.
Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you, for the first time as a couple, MR. AND MRS. BOB VANCE!!!
Crazy world lots of smells
Pizza. Great equalizer. Rich people love pizza. Poor people love pizza. White people love pizza. Black people love pizza. Do black people like pizza?
I am a huge Woody Allen fan. Although I've only seen "Antz." But I'll tell you something, what I respect about that man is that when he was going through all of that stuff that came out in the press, about how "Antz" was just a ripoff of "A Bug's Life," he stayed true to his films. Or at least the film that I saw, which, again, was "Antz." Thing is, I thought "A Bug's Life" was better, much better than "Antz." Point is, don't listen to your critics. Listen to your fans.
Early worm gets the worm
This isn’t even a line. But when he pretends to be interested in Toby’s story when he was in counseling is just classic.
You Ryan are the bell of da ball. Don’t drop the soap
Should’ve burned this place down when I had the chance
I’m a little sticious.
You’re so white
R-E-S-P-SVEE-T-E
“Yeah, I’ve been pretty much skating my whole life. I thought about playing in the NHL but you’re on the road so much, get no time to spend with your wife and kids... and I really want a wife and kids.” - Michael Scott
You know I have soft teeth
“Oh look, the antichrist.”  tsssss
Close your eyes, picture a convict. What are they wearing? Nothing much, backwards baseball cap, jeans below the waist. Says something ordinary like fo-shizzle. Now open your eyes, what are you picturing? A black man? No. That was a white women. Didn’t think so? We shame on you.
Oh how the turntables have...
I am Beyoncé, always.
“A good manager hires people and inspires people. And people go never out of business”  For the ‘idiot’ that he was, he understands that power of business
I worked in a warehouse men’s warehouse!
“Ryan is like a brother who steals all your blue jeans”
Dwight: That’s either urine, blood or semen… Mike: god i hope it’s urine
It looks like it was made by a two year old monkey on a farm…. AND HE JUST ACCEPTED THAT I PUT ALL THIS WORK INTO IT Oh man. He has the LOWEST opinion of me
Holly Flax? Marry me, will you be.
 My underrated favourite :  Phyllis and Bob, your celebrity couple name would be "Phlob"  Maybe it's not the funniest but it made me laugh a lot when i first heard it.
"I am so impressed with the potential you see in me."  "Somehow, I manage." - actually used this as a manager
I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
Christmas is cancelled.
I… don’t know what the f*** that was.
BFD engaged ain't married. Never ever give up.  I love the moments when Michael was an absolutely beautiful human being.
You know what? I'm gonna start dating her even harder.
...HEY DARYL, HOW'S IT HANGING!?
Hey Toby can you close the door on your way out?
“ Jim, James, jimothy, can I call you jimothy ? “
mmmmmint chocolate chip!
“Green means go ahead and shut up about it”
Holly is the best that happened to this company since World War 2!!
Oh how the turn tables
“I don’t understand, we have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn’t even work here”
“I’m on medication”  “Really? What?”  “Vomicillin”
I don't know the exact quote but I always laughed at Dwight putting the peanut butter on Michael's hair and then commenting on the calories. Well don't leave it on too long was his response.
Stress of my modern office caused me to go into depression  DEPRESSION!? Is that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out    Dwight you ignorant slut
I’m paraphrasing, but when he introduces Pam, he says “If you think she’s cute now, you should’ve seen her a couple years ago.“ Just a classic line.
First I was afraid, I was petrified….  Brilliant because he was told to pump to the beat of “Stayin’ Alive”, but he recited the opening to “I Will Survive”
I’ve been hit by Cupid’s sparrow, funny little bird, but he gets the job done
Bibity bopity give em the zopity
She ain’t yo ho no mo
Oh, god. My mind is going a mile an hour.
“BFD. Engaged isn’t married”
I'm just a little stitious.
Abraham Lincoln once said “If you are racist, I will attack you with the north”
"This is Mike Tyson..." Can't even finish, he's laughing so hard
Oh oh god there’s a fire, stay calm, Everybody STAY CALM!!!
Michael: Your dentist’s name is Crentist. Dwight: Yep. Michael: Huh. Sounds a lot like dentist.
I was never given a name
You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to.
“And I, to you, in addition, feel, the same feelings, that you are, as well."  I say that to my partner a lot.
I. Declare. BANKRUPTCY!!!
They grow up so fast. I have a few of my own that I want someday…
We're like Friends. I am Chandler and Joey. Pam is Rachel and Dwight's Kramer
"Oh, there is a God! And He has a plan for us after all." (fun run) I say that if something that first seemed to go wrong goes okay in the end. Some Christians don't like that though but I think it's okay
I drove. My car. Into a FUCKING lake.
Maybe next time you'll estimate me.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
I just quote “well well well, how the turntables” way too often.
Michael says he can’t show it to me, but he has a gun
Two queens on casino night  I’m going to…drop a deuce on everyone
Two of my favorite quotes from the show are from Michael:  "I have Country Crock" from The Injury  And  "I hate disappointing just one person. And I really hate disappointing everyone. But I love Burlington Coat Factory" from The Surplus
“Who knows? Its nebulose”
“The only thing I am worried about… is getting a boner.”
As that was coming out of my mouth, I knew that it was wrong.
"You don't call retarded people retards,  that's bad taste.  You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded"
I’m not superstitious but I am little stitious.
I’ll have the side salad, if it’s not on the side I’ll send it back!
Jan: “What did I tell you about ‘yeppers?’ I told you not to say it. Do you remember that?” **Michael: “yeeeeesh”**
I’m not superstitious… but I am a little stitious
"I'm okay" "No I'm not" and also "okay um count me in as who cares?"
I don’t know what the fuck that was
After Dwight says “that’s what she said” when he was being fired.  Michael: don’t.
A good boss doesn't fire people, he hires people, inspires people.  People Ryan...and people will never go out of business.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation. An improversation.
I am Beyoncé always.
“Ahh this city”  Only works in the context of the scene but makes me laugh every time
It’s incalclicable
He wasn’t a victim the last time I saw him, if you know what I mean
“You’re going to H - E  - L - L double hockey sticks. You’re going to hell, Stanley”.
There has been a murder
THIS IS EGREGIOUS!
Dwight you ignorant slut
Wham! His cappa is detated from his head.
'the worst thing about prison... was.. it was the dementas! they were flyin all ova the place, and they were scary! and then theyd come down and theyd suck the life outta ya body and IT HOIT'
You don’t know me, you’ve just seen my penis
Absofruitly
YOU HAVE NO IDEA THE TOLL THAT THREE VASECTOMIES HAVE IN A PERSON!
“Hi I’m Date Mike…nice to meet me”
 Guess what. I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me!.. No, don't sue me. That's the opposite of the point that I am trying to make.
How long have you known about this pregnancy?  A week? A month? A year?
Tan all over! Jan all over!
Everyone here is extremely gruntled
“I’m sick of Chuck e Cheese”
From Benihana Christmas - _Bros before hos. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They have got your back after your ho rips your heart out for no good reason. And you are nothing but great to your ho, and you told her that she was the only ho for you, and that she was better than all the other hos in the world. And then... Then suddenly she's not your ho no mo'!_
Oaky afterbirth. I think/say this every time I have a glass of wine or if someone asks me how something tastes
“I like this chair. It offers good support, it is ercolnomically correct.”
“I will be donating to Comic Relief”
"it looks like it was made by a 10 year old monkey on a farm"
"Who knows how words are formed?"
You know I have soft teeth
If I had two bullets and were in a room with Toby, Bin Laden, and Hitler, I'd shoot Toby twice!
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP  also, "I want people to be afraid of how much they love me"
"5,300 dollars?"
He can heal leopards.  He has the power of flight.
On The Convention episode he is talking to Pam on the phone and says he will give Toby “general specifics.” Cracks me up.
“I feel like all my kids grew up, and then they married each other” - Michael Scott
She broke up with me, amicably
Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?
“Stanley. Your heart sucks and you crush your wife during sex.”
The entire scene when he gives Oscar that little fucking doll. I lose it every time. "He just...accepted it. That I put all this work into it."
I am going to take TWO brownies, and eat them throughout the day. Much healthier that way.
Blue’s not a flavor, Ryan!
“Toby Flenderson is everything that is wrong with the paper business.”I don’t know why it makes me laugh every time. I guess cause it’s so petty.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both! I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take   - Wayne Gretzky”  - Michael Scott
Line.
Bros Before Hoes  I was never in this for the money  U are expected to get screwed by the company, but u are not expected to get screwed by ur girlfriend
When he told Pam he was proud of her paintings.
"I was never given a name"  and  "I'm not superstitious but I'm a little stitious"
Why are you the way you are?
Dinkin Flicka
“Last night I was scraping some gunk off of my wall sockets with a fork and had the nastiest shock, and when i came to i had an epiphery….life is precious”
“I do have cause, it’s Be-Causeeee I hate him”   Hands down the best line of the entire show. May be worded slightly wrong lol
I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail
over the gums and through the lips  look out stomach, here we go!
"I'm an early bird and a night owl. So I'm wise and I have worms." Got me laughing for five minutes straight when I first watched it.
I eventually aced 2nd grade. And I was the biggest kid in class.
Two queens in casino night… I’m gonna drop a deuce on everybody.
“Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice……strike three.”
“I knew exactly what to do but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do.”  I lose it whenever I hear that line.
His capa was detated
Chuck E Cheese? Ugh, I’m so sick of Chuck E Cheese!
If I had a gun with two bullets, and I was in a room with Hitler, bin-Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
Well, Happy Birthday, Jesus. Sorry, Your Party's So Lame.
“I’m really proud of you,” at Pam’s art show.
“I’m not superstitious… but I am a little ‘stitious.”
“You cheated on me, when I specifically asked you not to?!”
You cheated on me? When I SPECIFICALLY asked you not to???
People say I'm the best boss
"Crazy world, lotta smells."  I've found it to be useful in more situations than you'd think!
“BFD. Engaged ain’t married.”
"I'm not superstitious, but I'm a little stitious.."  "well..well.. how the turntables..."  "yeah well maybe next time you'll estimate me.."
“I’m not superstitious, but I’m a little stitious”
I declare bankruptcy!!!
EVERYBODY STAY F***ING CALM
THERE IS NO SUCH THING
I’m not superstitious I’m just a little stitious
My, how the turn tables…
“what part of shorn’t don’t you understand”
It’s Britney, bitch.
Catch you on the flippity flip
You have no idea how high I can fly
BFD, engaged ain’t married.
"I'm not superstitious, but I'm a littlestitious"
That is none of your affair.
Whenever I have a glass of scotch with ice in it, I shake it and go “clinky clink” a la 2 weeks notice Michael.
Well, why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors?
Hate to see you leave but love to watch you go…. Because of your butt! Lol
… and there’s our smudgness !
“Na I just be poopin you know me.”   “Big world, lot of smells.”
"Mmm... that is sort of an oaky afterbirth."
Sometime I’ll just stand here and watch the for hours.  The Dinner Party   So many great quotes in that episode lol
NOOOOOO
Well, well, well… how the turntables….
Well I would definitely have sex with Ryan, cause he's going to own his own business.
Shorn’t
Where’s my golden shower, Phyllis?
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
Jim your reviews are a poopy
Dwight! You ignorant slut!
Tan everywhere, Jan everywhere
Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate. So he's really not a part of our family. Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of *his* family.
I…DECLARE…BANKRUPTCYYYYYYYY!
So this is AssTurd?
Michael: OMG..I’m speechless (looks at Toby/finer things outfit) This is why people are leaving.
Oh how the turn tables..
This is egregious! This is *EGREGIOUS!*
#I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
I’m so sick of Chuck E. Cheese…
I have cause. It is BECAUSE I hate him.
You don’t call retarded people retards. It’s bad taste. You call your friends retards when they are acting retarded.
If you're a racist, I will attack you with the north
“Oak-y afterbirth” always pops in my head when I drink wine
me love you long Tim.
Why have I been sorting the trash into whites and colors?
You were at the dentist?
Oaky afterbirth
dinkin flicka
Bippity boppity, zippity zoppity
He had no arms or legs. He couldn’t see, hear or speak l.  This is how he led a nation.
“Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate. So he's really not a part of our family. Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of *his* family.”  When I worked at Netflix DVD, we named all rooms after movies and shows, and the room HR were in was called “The Office” and we had this quote on the wall to remind them that they weren’t part of our family.
“Two queens on casino night.  I’m gonna drop a deuce on everybody.”
Im not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
Crazy world, lotta smells
“I drove my car into a BEEP lake” gets me everytime
You jump to the right and you shake that hand. You jump to the left and you shake that hand. Make new friends, tie some yarn, and that's how you do The Scarn.
It has an oaky afterbirth
Do you have any idea the toll that 4 vasectomies has in a person? Snip, snap, snip, snap!
When he said he was afraid of getting a boner from Phyllis on sexual harassment episode
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone for any reason ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been... ever, for any reason whatsoever...
“At first I was afraid, I was petrified…”
Jim… James… Jimothy…. The thing is Jimothy. Ah that doesn’t sound right. Do you mind if I call you Jim?
“A.S.A.P. as possible”
My mind is going a mile an hour
“I’m not super-stitious, but I am a little stitious…”   “Good luck paying me back with your $0 a year salary, plus benefits, babe!”   “The worst part thing about prison was the dementors… they sucked the soul out of you your body, and it *hoit*”   “I… DECLARE… BANKRUPTCY!!!”  Edited to add:   (About waking up to bacon on his George Forman grill which he ended up stepping on…) “It’s delicious, it’s good for me. It’s the perfect way to start the day.”  “Catch you on the flippity-flip”   I think I probably have a favorite Michael quote per episode, if I’m being honest. I could probably go forever if I thought hard enough 😂
“Oh, look! A Sbarro. My favorite New York pizza joint. And I'm going to go get me a New York slice!”
Jan made me breakfast. Well, she bought the milk. . . It's soy.
Webster's dictionary defines wedding as "the fusing of two metals with a hot torch."
"Oh, is it Jim's?" On pregnant Karen bsleside Pam.
“Sometimes I’ll start a sentence, and I don’t even know where it’s going. I just hope I find it along the way.”
Gotta go mom, P's being a giant B
Prima nocta
"What's the Joke?"  "You had to be there, Michael"  "Oh,  a geography joke!"
It is not toilet humor; it is toilet tragedy.
Oaky afterbirth
NO GOD! PLEASE NO! NOOOOOOOOOO
“That’s not what a hate crime is” “...Well I hated it!”
“i'm not very superstitious, but i am a little stitious”
*sniffs wine* "this is a white"
This one is low key one of my favorites and I quote it alllll the tiiimmmmee   “And we’re off… like a herd of turtles”
“Josh. The Poor Man’s Michael Scott, as he’s known around my condo.”
occasionally ill hit somebody with my car, so sue me
I wouldn’t say I’m superstitious. But I am a little sticious.
Can you shove down please.
They always give an ultimatum
Well how the turn tables
How the turntables…
"Don't tell my fiance i'm drinking on a Wednesday."
“Engaged  aint married, BFD.”  One of his most genuine moment
Then it wouldn’t be the first time I stole something from coach Shane.
Crazy world lotta smells..
“I declare BANKRUPTCY!”
“You know what they say, keep your friends close.”
Like a heard of turtles!
Also you could be the Bell of the ball to Ryan when we was prison Mike.
“An office is not not dying”
No, no no nooooooooo God no!!!!!
I’m not superstitious. But I am a little stitious.
His cappa was detated!
Are you kidding I’d go anywhere to see a turtle
I’m gonna go get me a New York slice.
Oh how the turntables   I say this all the time
I declare bankruptcy!
It’s Britney, bitch
Power point.   POWER point.  power point.
"Coffee is the great incentivizer in the office."?
You can tell me how you do that to another dude
“Who let the lemon head in the room?”
The x axicks
Michael dressed as Santa Claus walking into the conference room with Angela, Phyllis, Pam, and Ryan: “Ho, ho, ho, pimp!”
Mu heart sores with...the eagles nest
He has the lowest opinion of me. Of anyone!
His subtle jokes are great to catch on rewatch. Like I’m Frame Toby, he says “it just seems awfully mean. But sometimes the ends justifies the mean”
"Our balls are in your court".  Kills me everytime 😄
Got my bonus check... 3000 G's.
People will never go out of business  And  I’d rather go broke betting on my own people
Feeeeeeling hot hot hot
Everyone stay calm. STAY F*CKING CALM!!!!
Tastes like Splenda gets you drunk like scotch
After Erin thinks the office will kill her, Michael says ‘I don’t know what the f*** that was’. It gets me every time
“A good manager doesn’t fire people. He hires people, and inspires people … People, Ryan. And people will never go out of business.”
You pet the animals and they pet you back.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCYYYY!!
I do think that I'm very approachable. But may be I need to be even approachabler !
My favourite restaurant closed down, and my new favourite restaurant sucks.
who.... do you think you are?  ....  What gives you... the right?
Okay. I scrolled for a while, I googled it - what is a "Michaelism"?
“ I hate so much about the things you choose to be’
Just poopin, you know how I be
You know I have soft teeth.
When Michael pulls up playing Lady Gaga and says “It’s Britney bitch!”
Hello Ryeee
He has the absolute lowest opinion of me - Michael referring to Oscar
Webster defines wedding as the fusing of two metals.
I wouldn’t say I’m superstitious but I am a little stitious
“I…declare…BANKRUPTCYYYYY!!”
“Should but shornt”
That’s our office and we sell paper
Im not superstitious but I am a little stitious
Well, well, well, how the turn tables.
Well, well, well, how the turntables.
Just climb on top of her and think about Stanley!
the prod… er.. prodiga.. My son returns
I’m not Superstitious I’m just a Little Stitious
"I don't understand how someone can have so little self awareness."
🤚🤚😡   "I'll kill you"
I drove my car into a fucking lake!
"This chair is Urkel-nomically friendly."
How about some Mint Chocolate Chip! (Funny voice)
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Blacks do crack not crack the drug
Ryan's be a little bitch again!
Pam!Pam!Pam!
I don’t remember it specifically but I think it was a deleted scene. Him and Oscar are talking about religion in the conference room with everyone there and Oscar shares his religious belief and starts to explain to Michael what it is, but he cuts him off and perfectly gives a description of the religion/ religious belief. Oscar was shocked he actually knew what it was and it was accurate.
As ASAP as possible
I do declare there has been a murder!
Our balls are in your court
Crazy world, ‘lotta smells.
“And we’re off…like a herd of turtles.”
The entire exchange with Billy Merchant during the disability awareness meeting.
Malapropism is another work for Michaelism, like saying hindsight is 50/50.
"You had to be there" Michael - "oh, a geography joke"
Oscar Mayer wiener lover
Shrek! Shrek! I’m a donkey! I’m a donkey, Shrek!
Spider face.
“Kevin, no arms and legs is basically how you go through life.”  “Zippity, zoppity, give me the bobbity.”
I declare bankruptcy!!!
No. Please God no, no.... noooooooooo
Woman spurned
"No, God! No, God, please, no! No! No! Noooooooooooo"   Not the most articulated line, but known the meme before the show, and cracks me up everytime
You know what I am worried about? Gettin a boner.
“I declare bankruptcy!”
Not a line? The "I'm not your father / Go to your room" scene with Erin.   A line? "How's it hanging?"
#I am *really* proud of you.
“How’s it hangin’ Daryl?”
Nothing beats his Wayne Gretzsky quote with his name underneath of it. It's just such a solid joke, even if he never actually said it.
“This is a little place I go when I want to be alone.”  “Who took the picture?”  “Ryan.”
Limitless paper in a paperless world
Tell him ill call him tomorrow with general specifics.
I’m not superstitious.  I’m just a little bit stitious.
That, is an orange vodjuiceka.
“I hate so much about the things that you choose to be”
I have a few of my own that I want some day
Dinkin flicka...idk if this counts since technically Darryl came up with it...but it was Michael who remembered it and said it.
"I'm on medication... vomicilin" *pukes*
Jan: I guess I underestimated you. Michael: Yeah, well, maybe next time, you will... estimate me.
BFD….. engaged aint married
I am Beyonce. Always.
Hey Oscar Meyer wiener lover
When he makes Oscar the sock puppet and Oscar just flatly says thank you.   And it cuts to Michael just crying laughing “He has the lowest opinion of me!”
I finally broke down, and got myself a plasma tv.
“… AHHHHHHIM GOING TO KILL MYSELF! IM GOING TO KILL MYSELF AND ITS YOUR FAULT!”
"I am really proud of you."
"I'm pretty sure she has baked on a professional level."  Does this fit the criteria OP?
I have two:   “Ryan… who is supposed to be dead. “  And  “You my friend would be da belle of da ball”
This isn’t a Michael line, but when he’s looking for a new job, and you hear a roar coming from his office, and Jim says, it’s Monster.com, singular.
So…. You get the rent checks every month… and what do you do with them?
“I drove my car into a fucking lake!”
If I had a gun with two bullets, and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin-Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.
Shrek, Shrek I'm a donkey!
Happy birthday Jesus, sorry your party’s so lame
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!!
It’s Britney, Bitch!
'What your drink?' 'Grenadine.'
“GOOD LUCK PAYING ME BACK ON YOUR ZERO DOLLARS A YEAR SALARY PLUS BENEFITS BABE!”
Michael: “I’m starting a paper company.” Andy: “In this climate?” Michael: “In every climate. It’s going to be worldwide.”
You don’t know me. You’ve just seen my penis.
It’s a wedding shower with guys! A guy shower. An hour long shower with guys.
“I feel like all my kids grew up, and then they married each other. It's every parent's dream."  "NO GOD! No God please no! NO! NO! NOOOOO!"  "Hey! Hey! Hey! You idiot!" "Start over." *sigh* "Sir..."  These are some of my favorites 😆
Early worm, gets the worm
What part of shornt don’t you understand, Kevin?
“Why are you the way that you are? Honestly, every time I try to do something fun or exciting, you make it not that way. I hate so much about the things that you choose to be.”
What’s up my brotha!
Why do you always do that? Whenever I'm getting married, you don't believe me.
I am Beyoncé. Always.
“Just sit there and think about Michael Jackson”
“Just poopin. You know how I be.”  Followed by “crazy world, lot of smells.”
“WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!!!!??!”
On whom’s authority?
"These aren't announcements"  "Yes they are, you just don't care about the information"  The little "fair enough" look Oscar gives him after that retort is beautiful
I saved a life  My own Am I a hero? I really can't say, but yes
“I didn’t hire a convict… unless they mean Toby. convicted rapist”
I drove into a F*coming Lake!!!
Meeting Karen for the first time “you are very exotic. Was your father a G.I?
I'm going to date her even harder
“The pra…progidal… … my son returns”
And then you unzip your pants and there’s a calculator down there…. In that stupid voice. Gets me every time
Just poopin, you know I be. Or,  Crazy world, lotta smells. Or,  The only thing worried about, is gettin’ a boner
Abraham Lincoln said, “if you are a racist, I will attack you with the north.”
Love inside jokes. Love to be a part of one someday.
I'm not SUPERstitious... But I am a little 'stitious
“It’s Brittney Bitch” and “It looked like it was made by a two year old monkey….and he just accepted that I put all this work into it! He has the lowest opinion of me over anybody.” I always thought that one was so funny and showed even with how ridiculous he was he was still somehow self aware which made everything else even funnier and more concerning to me lol
“This is gonna hurt like a motherfucker” hits me in the gut every time I watch that episode.
Why are you the way that you are
You know sometimes, to get perspective, I like to think about a spaceman on a star incredibly far away. And our problems don’t matter to him because we’re just a distant point of light. But he feels sorry me because he has an incredibly powerful microscope and he can see my face. I’m ok… no I’m not
Asap as possible
Two nights ago, I went to an Alicia Keys concert at the Montage Mountain Performing Arts Center. I had scored these great aisle seats. Anyway, after the opening act, this beautiful girl sits down next to me. And I never get to meet girls with lip rings. And she had one. I don't know exactly how this happened, but one of her friends started passing around some stuff. And they said that it was clove cigarettes. And I'm sure that it was clove cigarettes. Everybody in the aisle was doing it.
I hate, so much, about the things you choose to be.
*David Wallace sigh* Jan?
Phyllis has uslurped my role as Santa
I mix Newman's Ranch with Newman's Italian. Sell it at flea markets for a slight loss.
"I am dead inside."   Carell's delivery is so good.
Doobie brothers. Smoking doobies with my brothers
Michael: I want you to rub butter on my foot.  Pam: No.  Michael: Pam, please? I have Country Crock.
At the very least, it's bisexual.
Yeesh!
what’s up dog?
Since all of the main ones are taken, I’m gonna offer up some sleepers:  During the Michael Scott Paper Co days, the way he says “That’s my corner” when Pam sits in his corner, and   The way he says “I got gum in my hair” when he got gum in his hair
When he thought Cupid shot sparrows at people instead of arrows
"That dummy Cost 5300$??"
I spent the afternoon in the park. I went there to feed the pigeons. They must have all flown west for the winter or something
oaky afterbirth
Oh! I am so sorry that Phyllis hates you. And hates your body. But, Santa remembers a reindeer that was just a tiny bit different as well.
Green means go ahead and stop what you’re doing
Of course business is personal, it’s the most personal thing there is
 “GOOD LUCK PAYING ME BACK ON YOUR ZERO DOLLARS A YEAR SALARY PLUS BENEFITS BABE!”    Also.. “Yeppers”
I thought your name was Pudge?
“I’m not superstitious, but I am a *little* stitious.”
I always thought they "quality seyko timepiece" certificate on the wall summed up Michael pretty well
Limitless paper, in a paperless world.
Nah. Just poopin'. You know how I be.
I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one someday
*Takes a sip*  Mmm… that’s sort of an oaky afterbirth.
I tried HOPPING Kevin
“Ah, the city”
I’m not superstitious, but I’m a little stitious.
“Let’s see your penis”
“ I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do “
well well well, how the turntables
The most relatable: "I should have burned this place down while I had the chance"
I have a laaaaundry machine
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.
And if I had a gun, with two bullets, and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice!
I wonder what I would have been back home?
Why are you the way that you are?
I …declare…. BANKRUPTCYYYYY!!!!
That kid's gonna have a lot of hair
“They worked 24/7, all day yesterday.”
You have no idea the physical toll that 3 VASECTOMIES have on a person!
“Hey Ryan, this is your girlfriend and I’m *mad*”
I will have the Gabagool
“You have no idea how high I can fly”
I love vietnam. I hear it's great.
“And then she ain’t yo hoe, no mo’ “
I declare…BANKRUPTCYYYYY!
“If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice.”
"Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone for any reason ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been... ever, for any reason whatsoever..."
Snip snap snip snap
its britney, Bitch
"could an average size row boat support her"
Just reading through these comments, I love this community.
When Kevin says Stacey left him, Michael says: "You don't deserve her" to comfort him
I love inside jokes i would like to be a part of one someday
“If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby TWICE.”
“well at least he was married.” always hit me  poor poor racist michael
“I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me”
I’m not Superstitious, I’m a little stitious.
Michael: This is a hate crime, Stanley knows what I'm talking about.  Stanley: That's not what a hate crime is.  Michael: WELL, I HATED IT.
Probably not one of the best but one I remember most is  "I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."
"He had no arms and no legs...this is how he lead a nation" I think is the quote, it's on his goodbye episode when he's talking to Jim before he leaves and pulls out his tape recorder for ideas, It always makes me laugh in that sad moment because even though he's leaving, he's still Michael Scott.
"Good luck paying me back on your zero dollars a year salary plus benefits, babe! "
Dickin flicka
how the turntables…
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious. 
I didn't hire a felon. Except for Toby. Convicted rapist.
“I want to be married and have 100 kids so I can have 100 friends and nobody can say no to being my friend.”
I'm not superstitious. But I am a little stitious
Well well well, how the turntables ….
I declare bankrupcy
"Toby's not really part of our [Dunder Mifflin] family. Plus, he's divorced, so he's not really part of his family either."
Jim Halpert is smudge and arrogant Jim: I think you mean smug Michael: Arrogance. Jim: Michael, I’m just trying to — Michael: And there’s our smudgeness
I. Understand. Nothing.
*sigh* “the city”
It's more than a line, but I think this passage captures the Michael Scott that was made manager, because he shows some real business acumen here, in a series built around his buffoonery.  "I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation. Your company is losing clients left and right. You have a stockholder meeting coming up and you're going to have to explain to them how your most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just need to wait out you."
I. Understand. Nothing.
To Karen filippelli - "wow your exotic, was your father a GI or something"
“Well, well, well, how the turntables”
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."   Also, I have a doormat that says, "Home is where the hardest."
I do have cause.   It is beCAUSE I hate him!
"We are now allowed to sell Hammermill paper." He was such a hero in that episode, I loved it.
When he gets so sad about Sprinkles he mispronounces the cat’s name. “Sprinkles? Oh. I'm sorry, Angela. Man, what a day, huh? How could it get any worse? Her computer crashes with the porn, and then Meredith with the accident, and then… Prinkles! God! That's three things. I'll tell you what's going on. This office is cursed. And we need to do something about it.”
I don’t know what the **** that was
I hate so much about the things that you choose to be.
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCYYYYY
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
Exit interview "Who do you think you are?"
That is a $200 plasma screen TV that you just killed! Good luck paying me back with your zero-dollars-a-year salary plus benefits, babe!  Easy.
“It was with company property on company property so it's double jeopardy so we're fine”  “I don't think you understand jeopardy”  “What is we’re fine”
That is by far, the best way to strengthen your core. This machine…you sit on a stabilizer ball, you put your feet into the power stirrups, you reach up and grab onto the super-rod, and you twist, and you twist, and you twist. It strengthens your entire core. Your back core, your arm core, your… the marine corps actually uses it. I think that’s how they got “core”.    This kills me every damn time. And I know this entire quote far too well.
I think I'm being very clear what I'm asking. Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing?
How the turn tables have turned
Sometimes I’ll start a sentence, and I don’t even know where it’s going, I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improv conversation, an improversation.
Asap as possible. I use this almost daily.
Dwight you ignorant slut.
“if i had a gun with two bullets and i was in a room with hitler, bin laden, and toby, i would shoot toby twice.”
Think Michael saying - “Oh yay, geography joke” After Pam says “you had to be there” - might be one of the most underrated jokes of the series.  Right up there with Oscars’ “Waazzzzuppp” after trying to remember how he acted before he came out.
Pam will you rub butter on my foot
“I declare BANKRUPTCY!!!” … “I didn’t say it, I declared it”
“Toby is in HR, so he’s really not part of our family. Toby us also divorced. So he’s not really a part of HIS family…”
(when playing who would you do) "Oh I play this game each night before falling asleep".
Ryan: “I don’t think you understand how jeopardy works” Michael: “oh sorry, what is we’re fine”.
"I don't wanna work. I just want to bang in this mug all day"  Ngl, I use it multiple times each day in work
I declare bankruptcy
“Jim. James. Jimothy? No, that sounds weird. Can I call you Jim?”  To Karen when she’s pregnant, “oh my god, is that Jim’s?”  “Dwight you ignorant slut”  “No, rose, they are not breathing, and they also have no arms or legs.”  “Jim, you're 6'11", and you weigh 90 pounds. Gumby has a better body than you. Boom. Roasted. Dwight, you're a kiss-ass. Boom. Roasted. Pam, you failed art school. Boom. Roasted. Meredith, you've slept with so many guys you're starting to look like one. Boom. Roasted. Kevin, I can't decide between a fat joke and a dumb joke. Boom. Roasted. Creed, your teeth called, your breath stinks. Boom. Roasted. Angela, where's Angela? Well, there you are. I didn't see you behind that grain of rice. Boom. Roasted. Stanley, you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks. Boom. Roasted. Oscar, you are... Oscar, you're gay. Andy, Cornell called, they think you suck and you're gayer than Oscar! Boom. Roasted.”
It’s like your kids grew up and married each other
"I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation. Your company is losing clients left and right. You have a stockholder meeting coming up and you're going to have to explain to them why your most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just have to wait out you." (Michael to David Wallace during negotations where Wallace is trying to buy out the Michael Scott Paper Company)
I think I’m self-diagnosing some trauma responses today because the company I work for just announced some layoffs and my reaction to the anxiety has been to repeat Meredith's birthday card in my head all afternoon...     "Meredith, let's hope the only downsizing that happens to you... is your age!"
I’m not gonna cry over it. I did that in the car on the way home. No more tears; which reminds me I need to buy shampoo.
Late to the post but just watched this episode recently:  “So, um, tell me, is your marriage the kind of thing where when you die, she has to throw herself on a fire?”
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!
“I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.”
How the turntables
THAT IS A 200 DOLLAR TV YOU JUST KILLED! GOOD LUCK PAYING ME BACK ON YOUR ZERO DOLLAR A YEAR SALLERY, BABE!!!
„I am going to make this way harder than it needs to be.“
"I. Declare. BANKRUPTCY!!!"
Ooh Scottisms I've been making a list:  -Corroded artery -Progidal son -Skeletons in his attic -Home is where the hardest -Migraine worker  😆
Oaky afterbirth
I am recyclopse.
It's not a funny line but more a "yes! Good for him!" Line:  You have no idea how high I can fly.
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
I'm not superstitious... but I'm a little stitious...
“This has a real oaky afterbirth.” They do not find this funny at a wine tasting.
Im not supersticious, im a little sticious.
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
I’m not superstitious, but I’m a little stitious…
I celebrate privately.
“They’re trying to make me an escape goat” gets me every time
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take”  -Micheal Scott    I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious
let me show you to your desk
Im a lil-stitious
"Yeah, Ryan's being a little bitch again. "I'm here Michael." "What up my brother?"
'You had to be there' Ah Geography joke, i love it! ~Michael
Dwight you ignorant slut!!
There's no way of knowing what goes on inside the tiger's head. We don't have the technology.
How the turntables...
“You had to be there” “Geography joke. Nice”
Well well well, how the turn tables…
I drove my car.  Into a ******* lake.
Your dentists name is Krentist.
Business is like a jungle. And I am like a tiger. And Dwight is like a monkey... that stabs a tiger in the back with a stick. Does the tiger fire the monkey? Does the tiger transfer the monkey to another branch? Pun. There is no way of knowing what goes on inside the tiger's head. We don't have the technology.
I banged my elbow and now it has a protruburance
I get a kick out of Michael's dialogue with Stanley here:  >Michael: Why don't you go outside take a shot of insulin and have a nap?   >   >Stanley: Why do you always assume I have Diabetes?   >   >Michael: I don't know. Your frame. Your build. Why don't you have a glass of apple juice and tell me you're not a Diabetic?   >   >\[Stanley gets up to leave\]    >   >Michael: See! I could tell by the sound you made when you stood up that you're, okay...   >   >\[Stanley leaves the room\]
Dwight, you slut!
"Dwight you ignorant slut"
You are a gentleman and a scholar! Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. That was a woman I was talking to.
Hey! can you make that straighter? …. [insert obvi Michael quote]   Did you plan that?   No  Can you make that straighter….you should put your mouth on that…how can you use that one organically?..  Blowing up balloons maybe? 🤣
So I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think I just have to wait out you.
“I’m not superstitious, but i am a little stitous”
“Manuel who?”
“Who am I playing?”
Over the gums and through the lips, look out stomach...here we go
Well well well, how the turntables 🤌
That’s what he said
I’m upset. My bladder is full. There is no telling what I will do.
Does "Geography joke" count?
Oscar you’re gay - Andy Cornell called they said you suck and you’re gayer then Oscar!!! Roasted
Dwight, you ignorant slut
Engaged isn’t married. Told him to chase what he loved. Best Michael moment
There will be no questions. Are there any questions?
“Oh yes it’s space garbage! Dwight’s gonna be able to build himself a friend.. (*singing*) Deck the hall with crappy gifts.. “
"I do, she is" when Holly asked if he as a gf
I DECLARE *BANKRUPTCY!*
Well, well, well… how the turn tables…
Don’t, for any reason, whatsoever, do anything to anyone for any reason, whatsoever, no matter who, or where, or what, for any reason, whatsoever.   Sometimes I just start a sentence and don’t know how it will end, but just hope I find it along the way. I call it an improversation.    Didn’t get the quote quite right, but my family references this all the time!
How the turntables
It’s nebulous
“This City…” or just any line from the fire safety episode. Every word Carrell spoke was liquid gold
Dwight, you ignorant slut.
Didn’t make it to the final cut but “Hey Toby can you close the door on your way out” is an amazing line
“IIIIIIII have a laundry machine”
“I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious”  “What part of SHORNT don’t you understand Kevin?”   “Good luck paying that back on your ZERO dollars a year salary plus benefits, BABE!”
“I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.”
If i can get them depressed, then i’ll have done my job
littlekidlover
I’m the mistress?
I like when he shoehorned in "that's what she said" because Dwight is eating grapes. And when Dwight and Jim look at him confused, he's like "seductive" 😂😂
This is egregious
How the turntables
No you don’t know me, you’ve just seen my penis.
One I say almost constantly: “how the turn tables”
On the first episode (if I remember correctly),when he was introducing the temp guy,and then he proceeded to imitating hitler ,every time I remember that I start laughing 😂
Spiderface
Dwight you ignorant slut
I am Beyonce. Always.
Arm core, leg core, your core core… the marine corps actually uses it
Toby is divorced so he’s not really part of his family either
I am not superstitious i am a little stitious
I hate so much the things you choose to be.....
I'm not superstitious just a little stitious
“I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It’s every parents’ dream.”
That’s how I like to do business. Everybody just joking around (not verbatim but something like that
“I’m not superstitious, but I’m a little stitious”
I am Beyoncé, always.
Holly,- you and I are soup snakes.
Crazy world, lotta smells
“THATS MY WIFE YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT”
What’s her name? Burger King?
I hate, so much, the things you choose to be
Dwight, let me explain something to you, I set the rules and you follow them blindly, okay? And if you have a problem with that then you can talk to our complaints department. It’s trash can!
Jim, James, Jimmothy?
I declare BANKRUPTCY!
Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.   …how I feel on conference calls
"Oh my GOD IT'S HAPPENING   EVERYBODY STAY CALM  EVERYBODY STAY F\*\*\*ING CALM!"
yesh
“Dwight, you ignorant slut!”
Limitless paper, in a paperless world.
“David, it was my understanding that I was not going to be managed.”  My boss is named David and I say this to him all the time
“Ohhh…how the turntables…”
I have one, but I can't confirm with Google, so I'm starting a rewatch this moment to confirm. Thank you for the random inspiration to enjoy it again right now :)   Ps, in case anyone can help, it's "the wheel is spinning but the hamster is dead". In my memory it's said at a restaurant or something into the camera as a quick cutaway one-liner shot? I think it was around when he was dating Pam's mom? I may be completely wrong about the quote origins, but I would swear my life on it and now must know the truth. I have made it one of my daily staples and now I am questioning my entire life.
Oookay
I’m just… uncomfortable wearing the dress.
I drove my car into a f*ucking lake!
i drove my car into a *fucking* lake.
I’ll be 6
I drove my car in to a fucking lake
BFD, engaged aint married!
50/50 , bote
“I’m not… I’m not worried! You know what? The only thing I am worried about is getting a boner.”
Who knows? It’s nebu..lous
"I have made a lot of empty promises in my life - that one was by far the most generous."
Jim, take New Years away from Stanley!
“Oh, you must pass the dungeon wisdom test”
"Dwight, you ignorant slut"
"where are the turtles!?!?!"
People hear lots of things man
“I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious”
"Well well well how the turntables."
“That’s easy for you to say, you have no imagination. I live in a fantasy world”
I DECLARE….. BANKRUPTCYYYYYYY
I'd like to *burn* ***your*** *candles.*
“Toby is the instructions card you throw away”
Sprinkles?
“I drove my car into a F**kin LAKE!!!”
Oscar: these aren’t announcements   Michael: yes they are, you just don’t care about the information
you talking to me?!    -al pachino,  raging bull
How the turntables
"...And he also vaguely threatened me with testicular cancer."
I love inside jokes.... I hope to be a part of one some day
“What’s up my brotha?!” (Call with David and Ryan)
IT'S FRONTWARDS!
“he did mention a fire in the warehouse… and he also vaguely threatened me with testicular cancer…”
Oaky Afterbirth. 100%
It’s soy!
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
The "boom, roasted" stuff
I play that game every night before I go to sleep
Well, well, well. How the turntables…
I’m a little stitous
And now my elbow HAS A PROTRUBERANCE
I learned the pledge of allegiance to the tune to old Macdonald
i have never watched the office but i have watched hours of out takes
You look, how you say, radiant tonight.
Did you check your butt?
When he’s tryna make up for harassing Phyllis, he hugs her and says, “I hope I don’t get a boner”
Im not superstitious but I am a little stitious
Jim….James…..Jimothy…..are you ok being called Jim?
“I didn’t say it. I declared it.”
I’m not superstitious…but I am a little stitious
I have a company to runnnnn, will you let me run the company? Will you?? Lmao
“Oh there’s Gil, Oscar’s roommate, I wonder if he knows”
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!
How the turn tables…
Just the first one that came to mind:  “You cheated on me?… when I specifically asked you not to?”
I’m not superstitious but I’m a little stitous
Baler, I hardly know 'er.
Sprinkles?!?!?!?
You’re great, we’re great. Everyone’s great “blows into Jan’s face”
“Indubitably.”
You’re exotic looking was your dad a gi?
“You may look around and see two groups here. White collar, blue collar. But I don’t see it that way. You know why not? Because I am collar blind.”
It's Brittney bitch.
How the turntables
I have Country Crock!
Bankruptcy! I didn’t say it. I declared it.
little stitious
“How the turntables have turned”  I say it all the time that I almost forget what the real saying is
You don’t know me, you’ve just seen my penis.
You’re a presentation tool
... Why don't you just tell us what you want our favorite quote to be? r/oddlyspecific
" Everyone here is gruntled"
I'M PING!!!
Ahhhh.. the antichrist.
I am not superstitious but I am a little stitious
You sigh like Jan.
If we don’t nail this we’re going to lose the triumph of the moment, the triumph of the will.
"i.. don't know... what the fuck. that was"  Gets me every time
The progidal...my son returns!
*sighs* This city…
"dwight you ignorant slut"  it's the context and delivery for this one lol
I am a little stitious
¡Eso es lo que dice él!
BANKRUPTCY!!!!
You have no idea how high I can fly.
“You can’t just say bankruptcy and expect anything to happen”  “I didn’t say it I declared it”
Well, well, well. How the turn tables…
You make this home a house
“ You make this home a house”
"My mind is going a mile and hour"  That fast, huh?
 “GOOD LUCK PAYING THAT BACK ON YOUR ZERO DOLLARS A YEAR SALARY PLUS BENEFITS, BABE!”
I am not one to be truffled with.
Dwight you ignorant slut
“Snip snap, snip snap, snip snap”
“Whats her name? Burger King?”
"Well you can't wear leather pants", Michael to Oscar on beach day.
“I will have the gabagool”
I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious
Boundaries, Dwight!
I can stand here and watch for hours
You my friend, would be da belle of da ball
I'll be six!
How the turntables...
Grenadine
“My mind us going a mile an hour.”  “That fast?”
Abraham Lincoln once said that "If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North" and these are the principles I carry with me in the workplace.
i have egg in my crocs.
“I’m not superstitious but I’m a little stitious.” I actually say this fairly regularly.
That's what he said.
“I’m not superstitious. I’m just a little stitious”
At the very least it’s bisexual
Sometimes I will just start a sentence…and not really know where I’m gonna end up
You look very exotic, was your dad a GI?
There is no such thing as an appropriate joke, that’s why it’s called a joke.
Have you ever pooped…. a balloon?
JAN THINKS HUNTER IS VERY TALENTED
“And it is mysterious because the buttons are on the wrong side…”
STAY FUCKING CALM!
how the turntables
Michael: Can’t talk, saving the planet.   Pam: Oh, we don’t recycle.   Michael: We don’t? Why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors?  Pam: I’m sure no one asked you to do that…  Michael: *throws trash bag to the side and mutters* Eight years…
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
"Yeah, well that's just a pickup scene"  It's absolutely brutal and out of nowhere, I love it  The context is they go to the christening and he feels "inspired" and wants them to volunteer together. Oscar brags that he volunteers at a local hospital on his own time, and Michael his him with this
After hearing Angela’s cat died …”AND NOW? PRINGLES?” 😭 instead of sprinkles
ASAP as possible!
I drove my car into a f*king lake
Very comedically humorous, Jim
Don’t ever ever ever give up
And suddently... she is not your hoe, no moh
Hello Oscar Meyer weiner lover.
Insurmountainable
I’m not superstitious, I’m a little stitious
That time he said hi the Phyllis
“Whenever I’m about to do something, I think, ‘Would an idiot do that?’ and if they would, I do not do that thing.”
“You know what they say? Fool me once, strike one but fool me twice, strike three.”
Show me that farm
Oh how the turntables
That's what [she said.](https://media.tenor.com/DZ2gFBBcXFIAAAAd/the-office-steve-carell.gif)
I’m not superstitious.. just a little stitious
Pretty much anything he said at Jan's deposition could be my favorite line.
"It's a fake wheel idiot"
They're lithium
The whole bit with Phyllis about Afghanistani vs Afghani vs Afghan  That’s a dog  That’s a shawl
Michael: “Angela loves pussycats! Packer lov-“  Angela: “NO. Don’t”  Michael: “I was GOING to say dogs”  Or   “La telefona”   “El teléfono”   “Dammit”
“I’ll be 6.”
as a cpr instructor— “well, that’s why we have training. and now, dwight knows not to cut the face off of a real person”
When I discovered YouTube, I didn't work for five days.
^
Jim - What kind of car does she drive?  Michael - A green Camry, and the seats go all the way doooowwwn.
Chunky
Everyone inside the car was fine, *Stanley*.
"Bfd, engaged ain't married."
Green means go ahead and shut up about it.
Poopball?????
“Nope, don’t like that”
Sort of an oaky afterbirth
"It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore "
You have no idea how high this bird can fly
Snip-snap snip-snap snip-snap
"*sigh*...this city"
“The hand strikes but gives a flower.”
I. DECLARE. BANKRUPTCYYYYYYYY.
If you don't stop worrying about what you're going to put in your GULLETT you're gonna die in about a month.
"I'm not superstitious... but I am a little stitious."
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY
“And in a fast moving world, where good news moves at the speed of time” Or… “I feel weak today. I felt much stronger yesterday. Like Benjamin Button in reverse.”
On a boat? Who knows…It’s nebulous.
TDB
“Not a native speaker”
"snip snap snip snap"
"how the turn tables" always makes me laugh
"I drove my car into a fucking lake".
Parkour!
You don't call retarded people retards. It's bad taste. You call your friends retards when they are acting retarded. And I consider Oscar a friend.
The whole explanation of the grilled bacon. Especially "and I don't have a butler so I have to do it myself"
Philanderer
“I love Pad Thai.”  Edit: and “Your donuts make me go nuts!”
My mind is going a mile an hour
Everyone here is extremely gruntled.   ("gruntled" is a legit word)
I declare bankruptcy  Sorry but that was so good
“I’m not superstitious but I’m a little stitious “
I know exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense, I didn’t know what to do!!
It's Ping!
Ladies and Gentlemen, I’ve invited Jim to suck it.
“PARKOUR!”
Dwight, you ignorant slut
Toby: "Hey Michael..." Michael: "Oh hey Toby, close the door on your way out."
Dwight, you ignorant slut.
Carbo loading before the race
Well well well.. how the turn tables.
Everything ping said
Micheal "Would a liar bring mini mounds bars?" Pam *throws mini mounds bars at the employees*
I’m not superstitious, but I’m a little stitious
“Phyllis, a woman, has uslurped my power.”    I think about this daily for a laugh.
"Today I saved a life - my own. Am I a hero? (Long pause) Hard to tell but... yes."
I'm not superstitious but I'm a little stitious.
Dwight, you ignorant slut.
Oh, how the turntables…
I’m not SUPERstitious but I am a little stitious
Michael: I can’t. Not can’t but.. won’t. Should maybe.. but shornt.  Oscar: Michael-  Michael: What part of “shornt” don’t you understand!?
Sprinkles died?
Na nana na na.
What else is there? Lol
"Who thought it would be hysterical to give Toby a rock for his going away gift?" Cracks me up every time
Every time I look out of the window or balcony, I say “Ah, the city”
Where are the TURTLES!!
The geography joke.
who knows...it's nebulose...
Wow, they grow up so fast. I have a few of my own that I want someday.
I’m just a little stitious not superstitious
I wish I lived and died inside the world of the office
'That, is the inside of your vagina'
Cut off your nose to spider face
By far my favourite quote is: If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice
Angela likes pussy cats Packer likes ..........  Angela:stoppp  highly underrated
 I feel weak today  I felt much stronger yesterday
Dwight, you ignorant slut!
“How dare you sir. You are gross.”
Your advice was good, but Jan's was bigger.
Gold medals
“You’re trying to uslurp my authority” killed me recently
“fish sticks are not an aphrodisiac, you’re thinking of deer penis” michael: “it still worked”
Michael:What ummm, what do you think of roleplay?  Phylis:It can be fun.  Michael:Yeah well Jan has this schoolgirl fantasy  Karen:It’s a pretty common one  Michael:[I just, I feel uncomfortable wearing the dress.](https://youtu.be/tkQXS9VClZo)
When Dwight helps practice child birth with a watermelon....after it 'comes out and Michael grabs it the way goes from serious to grossed out n exclaims "oh god what was on that?!"
To be fair, Jim. James. Jimothy.
Where's my golden shower?
High five Dana.
“You miss 100% off the shots you don’t take.  -Wayne Gretzky”  —Michael Scott
Jan made me breakfast, well….. she bought the milk
Something like  “Oh, geography joke, I love those” after he missed something and someone said you had to be there.
And then it hit me! Michael, get a motorcycle.
Snip snap snip snap
"It's Britney bitch" while lady Gaga blares on the car stereo
Says to holly "jan is going to come, so I'll be rude towards you as you're prettiest in the office, also to ryan" 😂😂
His Capa was DETATED! 💦  Stanley: You have just spit on my face
Huge fan of Woody Allen movies. Only seen Antz though.
Date mike, nice to meet me.
Don’t call me Shirley
"Or have you forgotten the words of the reverent king?"
“You cheated on me? …when I specifically asked you not to?”   We say that one a lot in my house, works in so many situations, just fill in the blank: “you ___ when I specifically asked you not to?”
Prison Mike. That whole bit will never fail to make me laugh. Comedy gold.
Ho ho ho....... Pimp
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
“BFD, engaged aint married”
Pam: “what did you eat in prison, Prison Mike—“ Michael: “—GROOL! Grool sandwiches”
“Whoa, what are all those stains?!”  “Blood, urine or semen.”  “Oh, God, I hope it’s urine.”
His very last line on the show is pretty underrated.  “It‘s like all my kids grew up and then married each other.“
BFD, engaged aint married. Not the most appropriate advice but I loved that very real sober minded moment between him and Jim.
 "We must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them."  "Michael always says '"K-I-S-S. Keep it simple, stupid."" Great advice. Hurts my feelings every time." - Dwight
“All I can do is go out there and put on a brave face” . . . “It’s over. We are screwed”
*don’t*   *don’t you dare*
\*Lady gaga - 'just dance' blasting from the speakers in Michaels PT cruiser\*  **"It's Britney bitch. And I am back, in the form of a new company. The Michael Scott Paper Company"**   \*Tries parallel parking and fails miserably by hitting the car behind him\*  **"o-okay.. not gonna make this one"**
Ooh, Vietnam. I hear it's lovely
‘Oh how the turntables’
“Who is Kafkaesque? I never… I don’t know him.”
Well, well, well, how the turntables!
"If it wasn't for bad luck, I'd always be winning."
I’m not superstitious, I’m just a little stitious
Who let the lemonhead into the room? You are a waste of life and you should give up
Urkel Grue
Well well well... How the turntables.
Whose Manuel?
‘It looks like- It looks like it was made by a two-year-old monkey on a farm. And he just- He just accepted it, that I- That I put all this work into it. Oh, man. He- He has the lowest opinion of me of anybody.’  I love Oscar and that’s up there as one of my favourite scenes
I'm not superstitious, but... I am a *little* stitious.
Im just a little-stitious
" I'm not superstitious but I'm a little stitious." Never gets old for me :))))
I love lamp
I know exactly what I'm doing, but in a real way i have no idea what to do.... So relateable
I’m sure it’s been said but “a little ‘stitious” gets me in the giggles every damn time.
"I'm not superstitious l, but I am a little stitious"
Sometimes the ends justify the mean
"He has the power of flight. He can heal leopards."
“Then why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors?”  Pam: “I’m sure nobody asked you to do that, Michael.”  “Twelve *years*.”
This city.
"Well well well, how the turntables....." *awkward and long pause*
The whole "Jim is smudge and arrogant" exchange
"...so I don't think I need to wait out Dunder Mifflin. I think just have to wait out you."  This is Michael at his most powerful.
No.
I’m not superstitious. I’m a littlestitious.
Oh yeah well I'm calling the ungrateful bitch hotline
"Snip-snap snip-snap!"
“I hate so much about the things that you choose to be.”
Sometimes I say a sentence and i dont know what im saying and I just hope I find it along the way
I can't remember the exact quote but I think it's in season 2 or 3 when he's talking about how he chose his job/staying in Scranton cos it's convenient for supporting a wife and kids. And then he follows up by saying:  "...and I really want a wife and kids."  Like, simultaneously funny while also cutting to the quite relatable, slightly tragic heart of his character. One of the things that always set him apart from David Brent for me.
"Dwight you ignorant slut"
Forgot the exact line, but him explaining his use of thats what she said jokes to jim smth like "I use them to lighten up the mood when things get hard" one of the best scenes in the show imo.
I’m not superstitious. But I am a little stitious
I am not to be truffled with.
"Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever."
I am Beyoncé, always Or of course It’s Britney b*tch
How the turntables
Oaky afterbirth
“I have a few of my own that I’d like to have some day”
They have these bags of vegetables that steam right inside their own bag. So I'll get a few ingredients, sit down in front of the TV, a bag of vegetables, before you know it I'm ready for bed!
Peach iced tea.  You’re gonna hate it.
Parkour!
You have one day
“Mr. Scott… Will you be the godfather of my child?”
It’s Brittany bitch  I want to be liked, I HAVE to be liked, but it’s not some need  Crazy world lotta smells
"Oh god, I hope it's urine"
"I would have sex with ryan"
“I’m going to make my screen name ‘little kid lover’ that way they know what I’m here for; from when he set up his online dating profile.
Nothing short of predominant.
“They’re trying to make me an escape goat”
That he adds sugar to diet soda
His cappa was detated from his head!
When he describes how pathetic he thinks Gabe is and he would have wanted to be married with kids by his age. So great!!!
“Erin, scissor me!”
“You miss 100% of the shots that you don’t take - Wayne Gretzky”  - MICHAEL SCOTT
I declare bankruptcy!!!!!!!!
"Dwight, you ignorant slut!"
Dwight, you ignorant slut.
I can't believe it's yogurt
I declare bankruptcy!
How the turn tables
“Well next time estimate me” “Why are you the way you are” “Ho ho ho, pimp”
“You miss every shot you do take”
“Next time estimate me.” Or “I am that bigger man.”
I’m not superstitious…. I am just a little stitious
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
What are my weaknesses, well I sing in the shower, I care too much. So sue me .. no don’t sue me
Did you check manual? Who’s manuel ?
 Powerpoint, Powerpoint, Powerpoint
"Toby is from corporate, so he's really not a part of our family. Plus he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family either."
"where's MY golden shower?"
I’ve made a lot of empty promises in my life, but that was, far and away, the most generous.
“You know what I am worried about? Gettin a boner!”
"With the body of.....*deep sigh* a porcupine"
I’m not superstitious, I’m only a little-stitious
I don't know what the fuck that was.
She looks quite matronly today, but in high school her nickname was easy rider.  Phyllis and Bob Vance of Vance Refrigeration wedding toast 🤣  Also, hey Darryl, how’s it hanging
“You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?!”
“I declare BANKRUPTCYYYY!”
"Tall guy got engaged"  "To be married???"
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
"You were at the dentist?"  Runner up: "I have Country Crock."  2nd runner up: "CriManSqua F&C!"  I'll stop...
I am Beyoncé always
Deposition episode: “Ladies and gentlemen of the table”
I’m sleeping with Pam’s mom. Sometimes dinner.
Deposition episode: Michael when asked a question says, “I plead the first.” Man asking question, “You want to plead the right to free speech?”
“I am not to be truffled with!”
You were a jet?
Oh how the turn tables
What's her face at Quiznos
You have no idea how high I can fly
Nooooooooooooooooo!
Whenever he goes “you know what?” It’s usually followed by something fantastic.
i say dance they say how high is my favourite because of how quintessentially michael it is.
Happy birthday Jesus sorry you’re party was so lame 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I HAVE HEMORRHOIDS!
“BFD. Engaged ain’t married. Never, ever, ever give up.”  Surprised to not see this one already. Yes, it’s not funny, but it reveals Michael’s determination and heart.
Well, well, well. How the turntables...  🤣🤣🤣 freaking hilarious every time I watch it.
Soupsnakes
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!!!
"Jim, James? Jimothy" it's the way he smiles after saying it
Jan singing to Asteride….Michael: “I have herpes”
My flair
Dwight, you ignorant slut
Pippitty poppy give me the zoppitty
Who let the lemon head in the room?
I hate so much about the person you choose to be
How the turn tables
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
Everyone in the car was okay, Stanley!
Young Michael Scott: “I wanna be married and have 100 kids so I can have 100 friends, and no one can say no to being my friend.”  Really puts his character in perspective.
I have egg in my crocs
Dinkin' flicka.
" I captivated the guy, who captivated a thousand guys"
Oh how the turn tables
Spermed lover
Raising a glass: Here's to Mr. Iacocca, and his failed experiment, the DeLorean
“We’ll just tell him to call me asap as possible.”
Hi, I'm Date Mike. Nice to meet me
Im not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
Michael: All right, everybody... Oh my God, Pam, those make you look so ugly. Um, Pam, in order to get hotter, you take the glasses off. You're moving in the wrong direction... Pam: I don't have my contacts... Michael: Ub, dub dah, don't need, I can't even hear you. It's just noise coming out of an ugly scientist.
"Find out whose car that is. If it's Stanley's, call the offices of James P. Albini, see if he handles hate crimes."
Michael to the pizza boy:- NO, YOU DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT STUPID IS. IT’S ABOUT TO GET ALL STUPID UP IN HERE
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
"Abraham Lincoln once said: 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the north' and these are the values that I carry with me in the workplace"
That’s my girlfriend
Maybe not a funny quote but correct me if I'm wrong but didn't he say something along the lines of "I'll probably just go home and eat a bag of streamable vegetables". I think of this every time I make streamable veggies. How can anyone this a meal by itself.
"I braveheart."
"I'm queer as f***" 💀💀💀
I want people to be afraid of how much they love me
STAY FUCKING CALM!
I drove my car into a f****** lake
"Everyone inside the car was fine"
How the turntables
Parkour!
I’m not superstitious. But I am a little sistious.
Im not superstitious im a little stitious
"Well David, I will be honest with you.  I do want the credit without any of the blame." - Golden Ticket.
Oh how the turn tables...
“It looks like it was made by a two year old monkey on a farm… and he just accepted that I put all this work into it? Oh man, he has the lowest opinion of me, out of anybody”   All while he’s laughing his ass off.
No Gould ?
My wife got this exact photo of him autographed by Steve Carell when we first started dating.  Also, “I am Beyoncé always”.
Pretty immature, but I quote “I should’ve known. Poopball??” to my sister quite often lol
When he says something like, here's how the sausage is made! come into the boardroom and I'll show you a finished sausage
“The only time I set the bar low, is for limbo”
Just poopin, you know how I be
Andy you’re gayer than Oscar, boom roasted!
I was never given a name
Im not superstitious, I’m kinda stitious
I’m prison Mike
Oscar: "I don’t see how we could possibly sell these for that little without losing money. Delivery alone will cost…"  Michael: "Okay, well sometimes… sometimes it makes financial sense to lose money, right? Like for tax purposes."  Oscar: "Actually, ran the numbers on this, and in this case, it makes more financial sense to gain money."  Michael: "Why don’t you run them again?"  Jim: "What if she’s just flirting with you to get a better price?"  Michael: "If she is, it’s working."
My my my…how the turntables!!
Michael: Yes, it was on company property with company property, so double jeopardy, we are fine.  Ryan: I don’t think you understand how jeopardy works.  Michael: Oh, what is, “We are fine.”
Happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry your party's so lame.
As ASAP as possible
“I want people to be afraid of how much they love me”
It has an oaky afterbirth
Buenos días Erin
“Mmm has an Oaky Afterbirth” 🍷
Paraphrasing someone else: Every time... Every time black people want to have a good time, some ignant ass... [Bleep] I take care of my kid! They always want credit for something they supposed to do!
Oh diary, what a week!
"Well, you know what? I'm gonna start dating her even harder."
You know what they say? Fool me once, strike one but fool me twice, strike three.
“How long does it take for you to do something simple everyday, like brush your teeth in the morning?”  “I don't know, like 30 seconds.”   “Oh my God, that's three times as long as it takes me.”
Little kid lover
I’m not a millionaire. I thought I would be by the time I was 30, but I wasn’t even close. And then I thought maybe by the time I was 40, but by 40, I had less money than when I was 30. Maybe by my 50s, I don’t know.
"i don't think i have to wait out dunder mifflin, i think i just have to wait out you."
Yeshhh
Howwww the turntables..
“Im just a good guy…who runs over women with this car”
“You have no idea how high I can fly”
Sort of an oaky afterbirth
R-e-pscsscsc-t that's what it means to me
We are all Homos, Homo Sapiens.
His entire fight with Jan in Dinner party.   From the moment he hangs up the beer sign to "GOOD LUCK, PAYING ME BACK ON YOUR 0 DOLLARS A YEAR SALARY PLYS BENIFITS BABE!"
Monkey see, monkey do
“Alright. We are going to go inside this conference room and we will not come out until we do.”
Oh my GODDDDD ok it’s happening everybody stay calm. EVERYBODY STAY FUCKING CALM!  Basically anytime Michael yells is gold.
You don't know me, you've just seen my penis.
“Keep me on there and I’ll call 911, cut out the middle man”
Dinkin Flicka
I was nothing but nice to my ho…
Stanley, how about that hot picture you have by your desk? Centerfold in the Catholic school girl's outfit? I mean, it is hot, it is sexy, and it turns him on. And I will admit, the best part of my morning is staring at it. But what, are we gonna just take it away?
I once had a dream that I ate a peanut butter and tuna fish sandwich and it was delicious, so the next day I woke up and I made myself that very sandwich and do you want to know something? It’s disgusting it’s a disgusting sandwich.
He had no arms or legs, he couldn't see hear or speak. This is how he led a nation.
Early bird gets the bird.
“No rest for the sick!”
I'm the mistress?
“I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It’s every parents’ dream.”
*”Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me... No, don't sue me. That is the opposite of the point that I'm trying to make.“* -S04E01 “Fun Run”
*Oh how the turn tables..*
"Bros before hoes. Why? Because your bros are always there for you. They've got your back after your ho rips your heart out for no good reason.  And you are nothing but good to your ho. And you told her that she was the only ho for you, and that she was better than all the other hoes in the world. And then ... Suddenly, she's not your ho no mo."
It squeaks when I bang it!
*Oh, how the turn tables..*
An Obama fashion show
Protruberance
When he says “I.. don’t know.. what the fuck that was” after Erin talks about her plans
Two queens at casino night... I am gonna drop a deuce on everybody.
"Turns out that the best advice that I got came from the stripper, Ben Franklin? Turned out to be a creep."  I do not know why but I cackle at this everytime
Ohhh actually its.... " I DECLARE....BANKRUPCY".
Oh how the turntables....
"I am not supersticious, but I am a little sticious"
I Declare Bankruptcy A few moments later I didnt say it. I declared it
"Why did the chicken refuse to wear a face mask during the pandemic? Because it was afraid it would be mistaken for a chicken nugget! That's what she said... or he said, in this case. I mean, who wouldn't want to be a chicken nugget? They're delicious! But seriously, folks, wear your masks and stay safe out there."
SNIPSNAPSNIPSNAPSNIPSNAP!  I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.  We're gonna have a B A B Y !
“I am really proud of you.”  He says it to Pam at her art show. It’s my favorite Michael moment, quote, and scene. And it never fails to make me cry.
We're here because there is something wrong with society
Had to use lose-lose on that one.  Wasn’t pretty.
Not like I taught you.
I should have known…Poopball??
Michael: When I said that I wanted to have kids and you said that you wanted me to have a vasectomy, what did I do? And then, when you said that you might want to have kids and I wasn’t so sure, who had the vasectomy reversed?   And then when you said you definitely didn’t want kids, who had it reversed back? Snip, snap! Snip, snap! Snip, snap! I did! You have no idea the physical toll that three vasectomies have on a person!
Happy birthday, Jesus! Sorry your party’s so lame!
If the salad is on top I send it back.
IT’S NOT SWEETIE, IT’S MICHAEL SCOTT
“Mmm, it’s got sort of an oaky afterbirth”
Jim: You had to be there   Michael: Oho! A geography joke.   It’s just a quick little line that I feel gets overlooked a lot and I love it.
"I'm not superstitious,  but I'm a little stitious" - Michael scott....probably
“I am not one to be truffled with”.   -Michael Scott
”An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max, to... An office is a place where dreams come true”. Works also now when offices are trying to get us back.
‘You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.  -Wayne Gretzky’ - Michael Scott
Parkour!
“Jim take New Years from Stanley”
The talking head of hysterical laughter at Oscars reaction to the “doll” Michael gave him as a partying gift.
No Tobi
Jim: Dwight, you’ve really never stolen any company time?  Dwight: Never!! Time thief! fire him!  Michael: You are a thief of joy.
Monkey see, monkey do, monkey pee all over you
Why are you the way that you are? Honestly, every time I try to do something fun you make it not that way..  I hate so much of the things you chose to be  Cracks me up every time
Hardcore parkour!
When he’s saying something with the word “issue” but instead of pronouncing it correctly, like tissue with the T. But he actually says it like is-sue
"I am so proud of you"
Assturd. She said it’s the name of a Viking princess.   Merideth: Ass..tuuurd  I know, it’s beautiful
Oaky afterbirth
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It's every parent's dream!
“WHY GOD!? PLEASE NO WHY??!”
No, the tests are going terrible, if we keep doing tests I’m not gonna want to do it.
Captain Jack's a fart face.
Its the S'Mores for me
Well why have I been separating the trash into whites and colors?
The way he says “issue”. (Iss-you)
😭 is she hot?
My dad tripped and fell and got a hematoma on his elbow recently and I did loudly tell him that his elbow has a protuberance.
It’s Britney, bitch.
[removed]
‘Hey, I’m Date Mike. Nice to meet me.’  It’s such an odd take on ‘confidence is sexy.’
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." Wayne Gretzky Michael Scott
"Sort of an oaky after birth"  "Turn it up to eleven. Spinal Cord"
I love inside jokes. Love to be a part of one someday.
I love inside jokes. Love to be a part of one someday.
When Micheal had gum in his hair and he says right to the camera “Kill me. Right now.”   I quote it almost daily 😂
I am not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
Oh how the Turntables
“Don’t drop the soap, don’t drop the soap!” 😂 Prison Mike never fails to make me laugh
I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY!!!!
Insurmountainable.
Anything said during the Dundies
I am not superstitious,but I'm a little stitious
I'm not superstitious. But I'm a little stitious.
“NOOOO GOD…! NO GOD PLEASE NO, NO! NO… NOOOOOO-“
“i love inside jokes. i hope to be a part of one someday.”
“would i rather be feared or loved? easy, both… i want people to be afraid of how much they love me.”
Crazy world lot of smells
"Here is to Mr. Iacocca and his failed experiment, the DeLorean" the outtakes to this scene are some of the funniest I've ever seen
I have a tattoo that says "I'm running away from my responsibilities and it feels good."
Not a line but when he tried to kiss Pam when she was going to art school (I think it was that I can’t remember tho I just remember him trying to kiss her  when she was in a car after Jim kissed her)
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
“Abraham Lincoln once said that if you’re a racist, I will attack you with the north. And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.”  “I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious”
Over the gums and through the lips, look out stomach….. here we go.
Late to the party but "Green means go ahead and don't talk about it" kills me
“Oh how the turn tables”  “We got Oscar back… so, addition by addition 👀”
“I BURNT MY FOOT”
I can and I have.
Whazzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap!?!
Dwight, you ingorant slut.
I declare BANKRUPTCY!!!
I do my best work when people don’t believe in me.
Oh, The Wall.
« I’m running away from my responsibilities and it feels good ! » or something like that
How the turntables….
The ends justify the means.
Manuel who?
Hey, have you ever seen a suicide?
Being in retail, I really get a kick out of “oh yeah?! Well I’m calling the ungrateful biotch hotline!”
Oh how the turntables!
"Incalclacable" and "urkelnomically correct"
I!!! DECLARE !!! BANKRUPTCY!!!!
Not so much a Michael line, more of a dialogue exchange:  Michael: you wouldn’t understand Jim, it’s a secret.   Jim: I wouldn’t understand, or it’s a secret?  Pam: you wouldn’t understand Jim, it’s a secret.   I don’t know why but it makes me giggle so much every single time
my son returns
These comments have made me so happy. All the dopamine. ☺️
After Michael realizes he doesn't want to be with Pam's mom anymore and they finish looking at his scrapbook gift.  Pam "Home run Michael"  Michael "... that was a bunt."
I’m not superstitious, I’m a little stitciois
“That’s a lot of guacamole, *rubs fingers together* a lot of the greeeeeeen”
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious"
Never ever ever give up. He sassy this to Jim.
WDYM YOU PEOPLE gets me every single time man 🤣🤣
I have egg in my crocs.   I am Beyoncé always.   I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious
Yea, it's got sugar and milk.
I too wish to FUCK Pam.-Michael
I have some kids of my own that i want someday
I declare… BANKRUPTCY!!!
"I'm okay, no I'm not"
Well well well. How the turntables have turned.
It’s Britney bitch
When “hiring” Dwight as a private investigador:  D: “I charge $100 dollars.  M: I’ll pay you $50. Money is not objet.
Spider face
I don’t care if he killed his whole family, Ryan is like a son to me.
The early worm gets the worm
“5 years old… Couldn’t even talk yet.”   Side note, first read the title as “mosquitoed” and had to read again.
It’s at the end of the episode when Dwight steals all of Michael’s leads. Michael talks about a war between him and Dwight and how he never wanted to start one. I can’t remember what he said exactly, but it was profound even for some dignitaries.
I declare BANKRUPTCYYYYY!!!!!!!
How the turn tables.
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES?!
Dwight you ignorant slut
“I think I'm being very clear what I'm asking. Would an average-sized rowboat support her without capsizing?”… “It bothers me that you’re not answering the question” “Dammit, I KNEW it Phyllis!”
Newspaypuhs fah sayle
"David guess who I am sitting here dressed as?" "I'll give you a hint, his last name is Christ, he has the power of flight, he can heal leopards"
“Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.”
"Hate the twirl!" -Andy  "We must honorably adhere to the rules which we are making up kn the spot." -Andy
When Angela says “waste of time” under her breath when Dwight decides to beat the computer selling paper and Michael goes “what’s that pipsqueak?” 😂
Oh, how the turntables…
“I’m sorry, he’s butchering it. Every…EVERY TIME BLACK PEOPLE WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME SOME IGNANT ASS N***** F*** IT UP!!!”
"I'm dead inside" - too relatable
no I’m Beyoncé ALWAYS
“I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.”  I think it just shows so much of his personality and also i relate lol
“Is there no way we can get rid of him?!”  “Not without cause.”  “I have cause!! It is beCAUSE I hate him!!”
This one!☝️
Meredith: "You hit me with your car"     Michael: *rimshot\**
Jim's reaction after Micheal says that is one of my favorite Jim reactions of the entire show.
I think we’re ok because it was on company property, with company property
"it is hot, it is sexy, it turns him on.....I know staring at it every morning is the best part of my day"
I have a sticker of this on my back window 😂
One of the best, glad this is the top answer!
I say it all the time to my coworkers “why don’t you explain this to me like I’m 5”
I don't know why, but this will never not be funny to me. He says it so confidentiality like he can't be wrong
Yes!!!!!
Clip for anyone who missed this gem: https://vimeo.com/27060669
Now I'm confused on what a Michaelism is
This show ruined me because when I found out my girlfriend had cheated on me, this was the only line that I could think of to reply. Really undercut the emotions with that comment.
this the one 🙏😂
I said that to an ex when we broke up. I wasn’t trying to be funny. It just came out cause I didn’t know what to say.
The delivery of that line is simply sublime
So good…
Honestly, every time I try to something *fun* or *exciting*, you make it not that way.  I hate, *so* *much*, about the things that you choose to be.
the way his voice changes when he says “wassup my brothaaa!!”
One of my favorite scenes
This one always makes me super sad lol along with  “young Michael” saying “I wanna grow up and have 100 kids, so I can have 100 friends, and then no one can say no to being my friend” AND THEN THE PUPPET MAKES A JIM FACE INTO THE CAMERA💀
This one is a toss up for best line for me, along with “You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?”
And at the conference in season 3 when jim and fuck that asshole from stamford are laughing and jim goes “oh you had to be there” and michael goes “oh a geography joke”
This one makes me too sad 😂
Another killer from that episode -  Dwight: Why do they call him The Bus?  Michael: Because he’s afraid to fly
Crazy world, lotta smells😂  edit a word
I say this every time I poop
This is the one I came looking for 😂
That’s mine, too 😂
that is the opposite of the point im trying to make
There it is
Came to find this one lol, I often hear this in my head and literally laugh out loud, and then people ask me what I’m laughing at, but I’ve explained it way too many times so now I just say nothing
Would this be michealism? I'm a little confused what it is lol
What did I tell you about yeppers?
You know I have soft teeth.
Umm...what was that?
Do you have any Splenda?
CEO of Diversity Today, because Tomorrow is almost over.
Physical toll*
This had me rolllling lol
Love when he’s whiny. “What if we can’t do it? What if we can’t?” when mocking Jim
AND NOW MY ELBOW HAS A PROTRUBERANCE
That yeah I am fussy, 😂  Always gets me  It’s like he heard it late.
“Please…. I have country crock”
Aspirin isn't going to do a damn thing
I ground up four extra-strength aspirin and put them in Michael's pudding. I do the same thing with my dog to get him to take his heartworm medicine. - Ryan
RYAN, who is supposed to be DEAD…
The dealio of life!
Whenever I break into private establishments playing Pokémon Go, I scream “WHERE ARE THE SQUIRTLES?!”  That’s show biz baby
Now I’m going to have to go online and look at turtles or I’ll be off all day.
HAND-  OVER-  THE-  TURTLES-     NOW!
Do you really expect me not to push you up against the wall, biatch?!
On a related note, my husband and I say “tanks” all the time, Michael’s jailhouse lingo for “thanks”. 🤣
Not hawey potter
And it hoit!
You guys good life... You gotta good life
There's a meme where Harry Potter is talking to Sirius and asks "what was the worst thing about Azkaban, the dementors?" And Sirius replies "my cellmate, Prison Mike."  Kills me, every time
Da clink
Who is your worm guy?
Early worm gets the worm
What about shorn’t don’t you understand?!
STOP TALKING ALL AT ONCE!
Came here to say this. Perfect candor after the almost kiss with pam
This was such a mic drop moment! I loved it so much!
Throughout the show he is good at two things, ice skating and sales
You have no idea how high I can fly!
This one was actually heart warming
I think this genuinely has a case for being the best episode of a sitcom in history. Everything that made The Office what it was is right there in that episode.  “That is our building. And we sell paper.”
Believe it or not this took me multiple watch throughs to catch this joke and it is just so amazing!
I always try to say this to people and not only do they not get the reference, but they don’t even understand the joke.  They just agree with me and give examples of very stupid things they believe.   And by then it’s too late to explain that I wasn’t serious and that stitious isn’t a word without insulting them.
I love that one, as well as, “maybe next time you will estimate me.”
This is my favorite one!
I came here for this one XD
Just hang on a second, Cynthia.
I could watch/ listen to Rainn W and John K laugh all day.
Wild that this one is so low.
He healed leopards.
....he can heal leopards
....... yes
And Oscar’s nod of concession😂
I’ve used this on my wife.   While she cares nothing (probably less than that) about my D&D adventures, I started making update announcements and this is my default response to this is not an announcement.   She’s tried to get around it a few times by saying “No one wants this announcement”, I’ve responded with “My daughter does!”. And she’s 5 and loves to shout so she always shouts “”Yes please!”
Michael could be so insightful at times.
I love this one 😂😂 I always do this whenever I am in a new city
You beat me to it, underrated line. Lose my shit every time
Here are some commas to make it a bit easier to read.  > David, here it is. My philosophy is basically this - and this is something that I live by and I always have, and I always will. Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever...
Just saw Garyvee the motivational insta "influencer" do this lmao. Fully expected camera cutting to "sometimes I start the sentence and I don't know where it is going"
I literally came here for this. This lives rent free in my head and has for years.
Yo Mike our town is dope and pretty!  I genuinely do not understand why people reacted negatively to that. I also would love to be welcomed by the Scanton Witch Project.
The subtle "bastard" gets me every time.
It’s so perfect. Dwight’s line is funny enough but Michael just sends it home
I love Pam’s look after he says that
This one is WAY too low.
That…rhymes…
PRINKLES??
Feisty, huh? Not sassy or jolly?
He knew exactly what he was asking w the rowboat question xD
Toby?
I think it's Toby he hates. "beCAUSE I hate him."  "Ya have to get along with Toby"
Eight years.
Surprised I had to scroll down so far for this…
This is way too low on the list
I don’t see anyone heeding this right now
:)
The machine knows!!
This is also my favorite. The confidence of both him driving into the lake and then explaining it back at the office. Golden.
Lanch Party*
I love this bit. The fact that Michael just decided to respond to Angela solely with these unnecessary roasts about her height that day is so hilarious to me.   “If you are not this tall 🫳🏻, you may not ride 🫳🏻 the rollercoaster 🫳🏻”
The face he makes with the nod to camera is the best part of that joke.
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
What…gives you the right…?
downvote for lack of punctuation
Never heard him sound more liken Gru in this scene.
Badumtssss
Nothing tops the one when Karen is laying into him about breaking her copier and talking about Pam
You missed the best part. Right after that he says “…so double jeopardy.. all is good” and then Ryan says something like “that’s not how double jeopardy works” and Michael responds with “oh I’m sorry, ‘What is double jeopardy’” (referencing the game show where you answer in the form of a question instead of the legal concept)
“That’s my daughter, she goes to catholic school, and I’m taking it down!”
"That is my 13 year old daughter and she goes to Catholic girls school!"
r/eli5
Actually from the film Philadelphia
It’s how hard that he’s concentrating on the problem that gets me.  Like it’s supposed to be a dumbed down example of basic accounting and he’s focused on the detail of being a 5 year old.
I see what you did there with the “confidentiality” instead of “confidently.” You did a Michaelism while talking about a Michaelism. Bravo. 😆👍
Same
How the turntables
It’s a malapropism aka a michaelpropism
Who knows how words are formed.
I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious
A misappropriation of a euphemism or only understanding it at a different understanding than intended.
I quote this shit in my mind almost every morning in my daily stand up meeting at work.
And the face he makes: “😬”
My wife always cracks at this scene 😂😂😂
This one takes the sad cake:(
And Toby’s daughter says “So you never got to be what you wanted to be” in the sweetest little voice. I say that one so often.
I think you're remembering "perhaps another shot of midori" , which was when jim explained "oh sorry, it's an inside joke" and Michael said he'd love to be a part of one one day.  Wasn't "you had to be there" "geography joke" when he ate the whole chicken pot pie, fell asleep, they all changed every clock to 5pm, laugh so he wakes up, and your comment is how Pam explains the laughter to him?
That’s the one I repeat at least weekly lol
Yesh
Diversity Tomorrow, because today is almost over.
The snip snap snip part was improved!!! He’s such a genius lol
Some of his best work is mocking Jim when they’re “Co-Managers”.
One of my daughters legit has a protruberance and goddamn did we ever milk that quote at doctor's offices, xray labs, orthopedic surgeon appointments.. no one ever got it but we always had a good giggle.
This one 😂
I’m sitting here with a bloody stump of a foot!
The weirdest part of that is I can't imagine Ryan taking care of a dog. Does it live with his Mom?
This is the real answer!
You would be DA BELLE OF DA BALL
Don’t drop the soap, don’t drop the soap
This is gold.
Omg I do this too. It’s hard to say it normally at this point
🤣We do too!
Aw, you’re payin too much for worms, man
Like a friend?
*I CANT UNDERSTAND WHEN YOU TALK ALL AT ONCE!!!*  the random use of some variance of that line always kills me.
And he was actually right
My god that has happened to me as well
The Office Ladies podcast say John turns into a noodle when he breaks, his body just folds over; and I love watching it.
Oh, the anti-Christ  *tssssssssss\**
You're going to hell, Stanley
EVERY. TIME. XD
Doesn’t he respond with “what is ‘we’re fine’”
Was David Wallace not Ryan
"I'm taking it down right now!"
That’s his improv class lessons working overtime there
That sounds like a misquoted saying to me. Assuming they’re different according to OPs title
For some reason I just pictured a bunch of office workers having a meeting to do stand up.
I love a good quitting story, makes me think I’ll have one myself one day. But I dream.
Agile? Agile.
Same! on the daily almost, because it’s so simple and yet so true. Big world gonna have big smells
It's my standard response when someone tells me I smell like weed.
Whenever my cat starts really leaning into the scritches I can’t help but let out a “Yesh”… she reacts similarly to Jan with “yeppers” lol
Jimothy*
WHAT DOES THIS LOOK LIKE TO YOU STANLEY?!     "mailboxes etc."
are they both worms orr..?
It happens to me ALL THE TIME. I feel like it’s worse for me because I really am a *little bit* stitious and so it comes up a lot
H. E. L. L. double hockey sticks
Yeah lol he misquoted every line in that scene
Actually, Michael is on the phone with Ryan (S4E1, Ryan just took Jan’s job). Michael says he hit Meredith on company property with company property, so double jeopardy we’re fine. Ryan then says, “I don’t think you understand how jeopardy works…” and Michael says, “Oh… What is we’re fine?” Ryan then goes on to do his humble brag about being a wunderkind.
Wrong. It was Ryan
Michaelism just means whatever OP is too used to hearing, I’m assuming.
My godson got into the office as a teenager, I’ll text normal shit and he will replyYeppers . I’ll obviously say what did I say about Yeppers. Yesh Godmother is his reply. 😘
I BURNT MY FOOT!
Listen to it again
Nope
Well that’s goddamn adorable! I don’t have any godkids… but between my wife and I, we’ve got 10 nieces and nephews ranging in age from 2-25… all of them are into newer stuff we’ve never heard of… except one 16 y/o niece who is somehow obsessed with Seinfeld… lol could be worse..
If you listen to the entire phone call, Michael starts by saying, “My lord, my liege,” and the voice on the other end says “Yes, Michael.” Then it cuts to a TH of Michael discussing RYAN being promoted to corporate. Then the snippet from my previous comment occurs, and it wraps up with a RYAN TH about being a wunderkind.   It would make zero sense to have a talking head where Ryan is the subject, a snippet of a convo with David Wallace, and then go back to talking about Ryan.   If you still believe it’s DW, there is nothing else I can say to convince you of your incorrectness. Y’know a lot of people say if you dig long enough and hard enough you will get to China, and that may be true, but what they don’t tell you is that if you dig long enough and hard enough in a conversation, you get to a friend. So here is to conversation. Raise your cups on high. Case closed.
It's with Ryan
Was Ryan. My flair checks out
Google it
Has he figured out it was Ryan or does he still think it was David Wallace?
Ryan is his boss that season. He is 100000% talking to Ryan
Homie needs to wuphf it
This is eerily accurate.  Birds aren't real, but they're trapped in human bodies...  "You're not real, man!"
Ai should keep his day job
how's it taste? did they undercook the onions?
Football cream!
I bought some of these for my oldest cat when she suddenly started losing weight. SHE LOVED THEM. She devoured them faster than any treat I'd ever given her.   Then she passed away suddenly and never got to try the new flavors I picked up at the store for her the week before. :-(
Catfood commercial. Nailed it.
Nobody tell him!
I dare you to eat it.
Jim-flavored fancy feast
Nobody tell him!
Football cream.
You're up next, football cream
Apple Sauce....
the prophecy
Football cream
I think I should eat it, I think it’s for me
Hah, it's tuna flavoured too. :')
I bet your cat has tuna for dinner, she has tuna every night, and is probably sick of tuna. Tuna!
Ummmm- are you my niece?!
Great, now Nard dawg is living rent free in my brain with this goofed up jingle. Lol.
I know nobody is gonna tell me but what is the actual answer?
These look like Cheeba Chews
The cat really enjoyed it, the onions must have had some bite left
Apple sauce!
It's football cream!
😬 Eeaaghhhh!😬
Aww I’m so sorry for your loss!  My cat loves these things too, she’s screaming at me for more
Take them to your local shelter, good chance they will let you hang out and feed the cats treats.
A man eating catfood!
I would rather eat football cream
I feel like it can’t be just a coincidence…right?
I don’t think so? lol
If it makes you feel any better, I sing it every time I give one to my cat lol
[here you go](https://youtu.be/0nkcVz1mad0)
Chrysler car!
I have several fluffies who enjoyed them. They were just meant for her specifically because she loved them so much.
What about a cat eating man food?
Then my niece stole your pic and texted it to me last night! Lmao I’m gonna call her out now 🤪
Poison gas...
Haha that’s too funny!!
grey poupon
Jim’s mom would say that Roy was too dumb to play with.
I have to agree because Jim is friends with Darryl and in the Crime Aid episode he leaves with them to grab drinks. I think Jim is more offended by Roy’s flaws because they directly affect Pam, without Pam he may look passed them. Although I don’t see them as besties, maybe just coworker friends like he mostly is with Darryl (until Philly).
They would definitely be acquaintances. Play ball, get a drink with each other as long as Darryl is there but nothing above that
I mean they fought together in Benghazi a few years later....
I could see that. Though what really rubbed Jim the wrong way about Roy was his misogyny/sexism/condescension toward women. I'm not sure, even with Pam out of the picture, that Jim could look past that. But then again, look at all the crap Dwight does and he still ends up friends with him...
If Roy worked in the main office instead of the warehouse would he have been a better person? It worked with Darryl.
I doubt it. Roy’s a dick.
I'm pretty sure if she wasn't around they'd get in excellent shape and be military contractors in Libya. But that might just be a fever dream.
Nope
These scenes where you see characters interacting in the background amuse me. Love the one where Michael and Stanley are walking out the Office and Stanley has the biggest smile on his face while talking to Michael, which is funny considering he's generally annoyed at his presence. I think there was another one in S8 where Gabe was chatting with Andy and Jessica at a party. Like what could Gabe be possibly talking about with his office rival and his gf lol.
Just like you and me and my wife.
I think they wouldn’t even be acquaintances.  There would be fewer interactions between them with Roy having no reason to visit the office. And, he’d be just as crass and violent without Pam so I don’t know why Jim would like him any better 🤷🏼‍♂️
IRL they are friends
which ep is this
No
13 Hours, No Pam.
I'll step it up: friends with benefits.
Nah.  Roy was written as such a knob.  Jim’s character wouldn’t like him & how he thinks of women in general.
Nah. Roy was an alpha dick and Jim was a douchy cuck
Which Roy?  There’s the Roy he knew with Pam and he certainly wouldn’t be friends with that guy for long. Maybe fun at first but he did stuff Jim would definitely not approve of or want to be associated with and Jim would drop him.   Then there’s the Roy post arrest. He seems to have turned over a new leaf and be a better person. Maybe that seemingly reformed Roy and Jim would be long term friends.
Jim and Roy were pretty friendly to each other, the only factor making difference was Pam
I love that Jim is always defensive when roy is around even tho he wasn't really trying to do anything
Yeah, they pretty much share the same interest and taste.
No way!! Jim would tire of Roy's shallow and temperamental behavior. They would never be friends.
Deal with it Pam
What episode is this from? I don't recognize the scene, but that may be because of how absolutely awful the quality of this picture is.  OP, please come on down and accept the "Worst Screenshot" Dundie.
dont think so, i get a toxic masculinity vibe from roy and jim is anything but.
That's true
Oh def. Jim is way more of a bro than he seems at first
🥺 Pam ruined the possibility of a perfectly good bromance💔
You guys trying to analyze these characters as if they are real people who have these layers of personality to unpack makes me feel like Andy when he was watching that weird Jack Black movie with Jim and Pam and couldn’t believe how insightful they were lol.   Carry on though. I’m here for this stuff
Pam is the cause of all her problems.
In an alternate dimension they both joined the military and spent 13 hours in Benghazi together
They were solid bros when they were in Benghazi..
Nah. Roy didn't seem like he'd be friends with anyone upstairs. No reason to. Darryl was a bit more chill while still having the "working man" persona that Roy could bond with. So Darryl makes sense. Plus then he literally becomes an office worker so proximity and whatnot determines most friendships.  If Roy got an office job, maybe. But that didn't seem like his thing anyway. Until he became this successful businessman in season 9 lmao
If they weren't fighting over the same girl, I could see it work. If Jim and Darryl can be friends, I don't see why not
They are in real life!
I would love to see that scene lol
Jim is 40 and has no jetpack
Yeah I can agree with this. I could see them joking around and hanging out at work only. It just threw me off and the office christmas party I seen them both smiling and throwing snowballs at each other lol.
Oh yeah they would sure be friends, they’ve got a lot of common interests. Maybe just friendly coworkers who occasionally hang out outside of work but they’d definitely get along
Absolutely! Darryl is like the medium. I could see a scene with Darryl having something else to do then cut to Jim and Roy sitting quietly at the bar lol.
Hell yeah they’d play ball, I mean Jim was on the blue team.
Old hatred dissolved in friendship
They even went to a NHL playoffs game together too.
Roy has Packer-esque qualities that probably would have turned Jim off. They probably could have co-existed better at work events/hangouts, though.
Once again Jim only cared because it was directed towards Pam. Jim was not a great bf to Karen or Katie.
Jim isn’t exactly the model boyfriend to women either. Karen and Katy deserved better.
Between Jim and Dwight, I think that Jim is in the wrong...
Maybe. I just couldn't see Roy as a office worker. Especially not sales. He'd probably make people feel like wimps.
Sounds like a great movie idea! Hopefully it hasn't been made yet
Nah pam was the wrong woman for Roy and put him in a bad spot. The way he looked at Laura his wife and his ability to fix himself away from his toxic non-communicative relationship with Pam shows me that they were in a relationship that doesn’t fit and it chipped away at them internally over time.
Christmas Party. I think season 2 episode 10
Jim is a pushover, he wouldn't say anything to Roy about his view on women.  He avoids confrontation, he's only capable of telling off Michael and Dwight, he'd go "Not my problem" around someone like Roy.
The funny thing is I think Dwight would agree with you 100% while Michael would make excuses for both of them because he wants to be everyone’s friend… except Toby’s.
Damn…hit the nail on the head.
*Cough* Pam *Cough*
Yeah. Peacock app on the phone won't let me take screenshots for some reason so I took a pic on the tv. It's the episode where they play Yankee swap for christmas. "Christmas Party" Anyways I'll accept the award.
It's cause it's actually the actors having fun lol. Source: [Office Ladies](https://officeladies.com/transcript-ep-16-christmas-party) (at 01:14:54])   For those that can't be bothered, a summary...  Angela: Like the doors open. But I remember one of the guys just picked up some snow and flung it at the other one. And then they all started picking up snow and having this impromptu snowball fight. And everyone loved it and they wanted us to keep doing it. But it was just sort of like us just all hanging out in the snow.
I honestly don’t remember this scene? It would have to be from, what, the second season Christmas episode??
His aggressive/violent outbursts. Instantly yelling at Jim and accusing him of “trying to cop a feel,” destroying the bar and yelling at Pam when she tells him about kissing Jim, marching into the office to fight Jim about said kiss. To my point, if Pam wasn’t there Jim would likely not have seen this side of Roy.
Sooooo, he not only brought his brother on his first date with Pam, but proceeded to leave her at a hockey game.  Oh, and he got her jack squat for Valentine’s Day.
Jim: So… how ‘bout the Eagles, eh? Looks like they could make a run this year.   Roy: yeah  Jim:   Roy:  Jim: I mean with the way  Roy (interrupting Jim answering cellphone): Kenny!! Where are you? I’m at Coopers but it’s really lame here. No nothing going on. Bored as hell man. Yeah! Yeah I’ll meet you at O’Malley’s! Cool.   Roy (to Jim): I gotta go.   Jim: (awkward Jim face to camera)
Their actions are not equal. No he was not a good boyfriend to them but he also didn't get engaged to them and neglected them.
Oh yeah because Jim’s treatment of Karen was the same as the way Roy treated Pam. Lmao
It's not that he didn't try to be though, he just wasn't capable of it... So what's your actual point? Do you expect every relationship to end as a fairytale?
Unpopular Opinion: Jim was not a great guy in general. He's fun to watch as a character, but I wouldn't want to be friends with Jim irl. He's arrogant and self-serving.
Exactly
Roy was extremely violent in the bar scene and extremely controlling see: no art school, fought Pam regarding any work outing (dundies, grabbing drinks after work).  I don’t think that really compares to Jim breaking up bluntly with Katy and Karen.
No, he's not. But I wouldn't consider him misogynistic like Roy.
They both deserved bette. Neither of them was right for either of them...
How was he a bad boyfriend to them? Just because they didn't work out doesn't mean he wasn't a good boyfriend. He realized that he had feelings for someone else so he ended the relationship (as anyone in that position should), but I don't see any evidence that he wasn't good to them while they were together.
If you’re only reflecting on later seasons but remember how Dwight was in season 1/2? He straight up tried to get Jim fired and was directly rude, hanging up his phone on a client. I think in the early seasons he’s like that to show Jim started pranking him as a response to Dwight being really difficult and rude.
You are wrong.
I agree
thnx
This is true. He caves and panics around strong personalities. Charles had him shook the his whole stint as acting manager.
"Not my job, not my prob. I'm going down to the warehouse to polish my knob."
Hey, they chose to put it in the show so now it's Canon lol
Yeah I don’t remember this either. I’m going to have to go back and watch all the Christmas episodes now.
Yeah. When Roy started destroying the bar his cousin joined in. If Jim were there he would’ve left and never looked back.  And it didn’t have to be about Pam. Imagine Roy dated someone else Jim never met and wasn’t interested in. He wouldn’t condone the behavior. Imagine it wasn’t a girl at all bad he was fired “unfairly” or he was getting audited or he had a complaint from his HOA. Destroying a bar for whatever reason is unacceptable and Jim wouldn’t condone it or be friends with someone who would do that. He’d nope out fast.
Don't forget the DUI!
He gave her the best sex of her life?
Darrell, Dwight and Michael all treated women in questionable ways but Jim only really cared when Roy did it to Pam.
Ya, I never understood why people get so mad about his failed relationships. I'll agree with the haters that he should have waited a couple more hours to break up with Katie. But considering all the terrible things characters do in this series... it just seems like a really weird and petty thing to zero in on to me. I have a hard time believing that any adult hasn't acted just as rudly, if not more, at some point in their adult life. We all fuck up.
>unpopular opinion  Not on this sub. Jim bad on this sub.
because katy and karen werent much more than **distractions** cuz he couldnt be with Pam.
Jim turned into a Roy. He made decisions for Pam and their family without her input and forced her to put all her dreams on hold for him.
Roy’s self evaluation and improvement after hitting rock bottom was great. I don’t think we can call him misogynistic anymore.
Not to mention he stole one of Jim's biggest clients, after sabotaging Jim's attempts to renew the contract. He really does deserve the pranks, compared to how far he's willing to go.
You’re right but most of the time Dwight isn’t actively trying to be rude to Jim it’s just his personality (later he becomes more apathetic towards the rest of the office) but early on Dwight was all about efficiency and proving he was the best (technically that’s true from a straight statistical sense too). So the part that people forget is 1) Jim actively tries to “get even” with Dwight or just because he thinks it’s funny to annoy Dwight when he’s bored 2) Jim goes way overboard with some of his pranks in retaliation to minor annoyances and 3) Jim “gets pranky when he drinks” so it’s not that because Dwight deserves it it’s more that it’s part of Jim’s flaws like how Dwight is rude/annoying to others is one of his flaws. I think both are at fault for it happening but when Dwight leaves the office for staples Jim starts to do the same thing to Andy after just one day and that’s over just Andy pretending to “fish for some tuna”. Again not saying Andy is innocent but Jim definitely isn’t as much of an innocent victim as people always say he is. So reflecting on the entire show early first to maybe mid first season maybe second season it’s more Dwight’s fault but it’s definitely Jim for the most part after that
yeah unless that strong personality is dwight😭😭😭 he had zero problem being a dick to dwight and in my opinion dwight has a pretty strong personality, hes just a little 'individualistic' in angelas words lol
Yeah true, but a manager is harder to stand up to than a semi-coworker.
13 hours is an accurate representation of what would have happened if they both rejected pam
Those flaws are not caused solely by Pam and in fact are Roy acting like a violent asshole. Sounds like an awesome dude, all right.  But sure, if Pam had acted right in your view, none of that ever would have happened LOL
He takes pam for granted . Doesn't want to hang out with her and her friends etc.
He may have been the same way with another girlfriend.
Ah, your comment was missing the “with Pam” part
That's literally their point. Without Pam there, Jim wouldn't have noticed his flaws
Ohhhh, right, I forgot.  She may have too, shortly after 🤣.
Yup Stanley too and Oscar… pretty much everyone on the show.
Well that's a relief! The FB pages devoted to The Office will eat you alive for speaking ill of Jim.
I take my previous statement back about that being a relief as it has negative votes as well as another similar comment I made. The Jim-apologists are out in force today.
While I agree that he was flawed, this is a massive stretch. He didn't "force her to put all her dreams on hold", but he did make massive financial decisions without her input and that is wrong.
Were it not for what happened with Pam, would he ever have changed? This is a "if there never was a Pam" scenario/question being posed.
So since his personality is to be an asshole who tries to actively ruin other people's lives, we should just forgive that?   Also your points two and three say a lot more about you than the natural show...
Not just standing up to. Look how Jim interacts and conducts himself around Michael and the other managers compared to Charles. He’s childlike around Charles.
My comment was a direct response to yours. You said he would look past Roy’s flaws if not for Pam. What flaws were left to look past?
I never said it’s to be forgiven and glossed over? I said that it’s a part of his personality and that he doesn’t actively try to make Jim’s life harder (until he sees him as his “enemy” for prancing him and trying to get him fired in retaliation). What I said was that in the beginning it’s definitely more Dwight’s fault even though he’s unaware of his behavior BUT Jim isn’t this helpless victim since he retaliated a lot and went it wasn’t just “I put a Whoopi cushion on his chair” he would take Dwight’s personal items and hide them (or all of his desk) I’m not saying they aren’t funny I laughed at most of them but again if you really think about it without saying it’s a tv show Jim is definitely the asshole between the two of them and like I said it’s not a “oh he only does it to Dwight because it’s Dwight” he’s done it to Andy as well after less than a full work day of Andy being near him.  It might be I was just saying my opinion on how it’s all fun and games until someone gets hurt. There’s even an episode where Jim sits down with Dwight/Tobi and hears back to back all his pranks and even says “they aren’t that funny when heard back to back” he then “grows out of it” when he goes to Stamford which he says to Pam when he comes back. So it most of what I said in 2/3 is said by the show just it’s only small comments.  Again it’s a tv show and none of this really matters I just stated my opinion about Jim-Dwight while both are at fault. Dwight could easily see his faults and fix them himself but he doesn’t which then keeps the cycle going. End of season 1 maybe season 2 Jim goes from a victim of Dwight being an ass to being his own vigilante to get back at Dwight. That’s where Jim isn’t really “justified” to get back at Dwight
The fact that Roy is capable of being such a giant tool in the first place is kinda the problem. A lot of people can handle bad news without turning to destruction and violent outbursts. Roy's character flaws still exist without Pam. It wasn't until his DUI, his breakup with Pam, and subsequent unemployment that he worked on his issues.  Jim and Roy would've been work friends at best, I doubt they would hang out outside of that environment.
You took the long way to victim blaming. Roy is immature and has anger issues.
Yea I don’t know how it turned to that. I’m literally just trying to figure out the scenes that Roy was in that Pam wasn’t in that I’d have to overlook. I swear this website immediately looks for the worst in people almost immediately
Why don't you go back and watch every scene with Roy and report back? I'm sure he was an asshole to Michael or somebody a time or two without Pam around.   Your entire dumb idea that Roy was a great guy outside of Pam antagonizing him is a hypothetical that you're using in a classic "just asking questions" move, when you really want to say that Pam is a bitch from hell or whatever it is that you truly think but can't get away with saying these days.
The original comment you replied to never said there were scenes where Roy was a jerk that didn't involve Pam. They said Roy had flaws.
You're not getting the point everyone is making. Roy has flaws (quick to anger, aggression, etc.). We have seen them in situations with Pam. But such flaws don't exist only with a partner (Pam in this case). You can't say that Roy is a calm dude with no flaws, and only shows aggression in relation to Pam. That's not how people work. We have only seen his flaws in scenes with Pam, because the show is focused on Pam. In the hypothetical situation that Pam wasn't in the show, Roy may have shown his aggression in other ways, or not even have had a chance to show it in front of colleagues like Jim.
The basketball game. Roy did get in Michael's face along with Darryl to scare Michael into not making them work on Saturday lol
Possibly my favorite Kevin moment! Such a true sign of friendship, really astute observation coming from Kevin, and perfect delivery especially the changes tone with the ending line! Perfection!
He said what needed to be said
Accountants stick together
His facial expressions.
That snow globe needs to move OP. You're missing valuable pixels over there!
Absolutely. Underrated allegiance.
He’s a master
Damn, I’ll have to redo this whole thing..
I would expect nothing less
They all look pre-Independence Bengali
You should dive into the international Office adaptions.   The Office india exists  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y61Mi14aMNU&t=1s
Fuck AI
AI does great job jn helping us create Fan Art
I agree. This is not my creation. I only reshared from AI subreddit
Well in S1, Meredith is an accountant, so it depends on when she technically becomes Supplier Relations, because we know that Devon was not an accountant.
This chart just gets wilder the longer you look at it lol.   Why did he bother including past employees?  He includes a menstruation legend, but no legend for any other symbol. Also, two different post menopausal symbols? To track when their periods used to be? Lol  "Creed Bratton"  Dwight's own position as original ARM, he's not in sales anymore apparently   Tony's symbol is pasta? Is it because he's fat? Did Dwight not consider anyone else to be fat, or is it because he's Italian?  I love how much attention they gave to this one off joke which was only briefly visable to the audience
"Creed Bratton"   ... so Dwight knows?
Love how they have quotes around Creed Bratton's name. LMAO
What does the dotted line from Lonnie to Michael mean?
Why does Ryan have a yellow line that goes around everyone else to directly supervise... Stanley Hudson?   It's like Ryan lost something and needs Stanley to help him find it.  If that's the case, a good starting point is always looking on top of Stanley's desk.
SIDE NOTE: Toby’s symbol is a Star of David with a question mark next to it.
Hannah and Madge had their periods the same week - huh, who knew?
Assistant to the regional manager...
Coulda sworn her name was Pudge
two male symbols on Oscar lmao
Kevin’s symbol 😂😂😂
Yes, Dwight is the Nozdormu of the greater Scranton area.
Having a hard time with that one. I want to say that it just shows that Michael can discipline all of the warehouse workers without going through Darryl.
I think it was just an example that Dwight used to convey that Ryan could discipline anyone below Michael.
We’re also missing Charles Miner from the VP role
I get your second point, but the first point isn’t entirely true. He was essentially going to fire anyone in the office that looked at him funny because he couldn’t make up his mind/didn’t want to fire anyone. I assumed that he had just decided Creed and Devon were the most expendable.
No it’s always been Madge
Right. So it depends on when Meredith became the head of Supplier Relations.
I interpret the direction of the arrow to mean that Lonnie has informal authority over Michael because he intimidates him. In dire circumstances, Dwight could use this against Michael somehow.
Charles was still in steel at this point
Sorry, I just deleted my comment because I realized how unrelated my response seemed. I meant that in season 1 the writers had a very different idea of people’s roles and had all those extra background characters. Season 2 was where things really started to solidify, in terms of everyone’s office role. I know in season 3 Meredith says, “Hi I’m Meredith and I’m an al-…good at supplier relations.”
Sometime before she got the Outback gift certificates
I think that's Season 2 E15 "Boys and Girls" when she says that. I hadn't thought about it until just now, but we actually know that the accounting department is just 3 people "doing the work of 2" on Halloween, when Devon is fired.  I think it's safe to assume that Meredith must have been involved with Supplier Relations at that time, either that or she fully took over that role because of Devon's firing.  It's interesting that Creed isn't associated with Supplier Relations. It's kind of ill-defined whether DM actually owns (or does QC at) a paper mill. In "Take Your Daughter to Work Day"S2E18, it seems like DM is "middle men", not owning a mill. But in "Product Recall" S3E21 it seems like Creed has enough authority at the mill to get a manager fired.  Either way, Creed really fights hard and dirty to set himself up comfortably, answering to no one in an ambiguous job role.
Andy's character builds sooo well! before going sailing of course
Haven’t seen it, but I don’t think it should take place in the office
It was a gutsy call by Ridley to do something out of the ordinary
I think it should be in the parking lot instead
P is being a giant B
“Mom, I have to go, my friend is getting beaten up by some girls!”
What is Pam doing chatting with you?!
“Mom, I’m getting married!”
We got to see his Meemaw turn down an investment opportunity in the Michael Scott Paper Company with extreme prejudice.
“No mom I’m not calling Jan. She’ll just worry.”
I wanted Lily Tomlin to play his mom.
Should I do an AMA?
P is a 8 in Scranton but a 6-7 in NYC.
This was one of the moments of all time
Wait. I do this as an adult
P would of dated Micheals mum for karma
Wait who is Micheal?
Michaels mom was Phyllis
OP missed the funniest part of the phone call.
😂
“No, you’re not!”
I have a random maybe dumb question. I’ve never understood the context of that opening scene. At the end of the previous episode he leaves Holly in Nashua and goes back with Darryl. My question is why do they all think that he’s getting married in the next scene? Is it just implied that he told them that instead of telling them he and holly broke up? I always feel like I’m taking crazy pills because I feel like I’m missing some piece of the show.
I thought Nana raised some good questions. What kind of a name is Nana?
😂
Lily! Lily stop! Put the chair in reverse!
>Lily Tomlin  helen mirren
That is brilliant.
That would have been amazing!
That would've been great.
Or Carol Burnett
r/beetlejuicing
😂
Haha ya me reading "like a schoolkid" the day after a 1.5 hr vent session phone call with my mom as a 27yo woman: 😬🫠  To be fair it was half me venting and half her, but still!
😂😂
Haha yes.
Why do you always say that?
I'm pretty sure it's that second part.  Rather than admitting they broke up, he told everyone they were getting married so he could live in denial for a bit. Of course it didn't work, but I'm sure that was the plan.
It means grandmother
I love Vikram. Amazing character. Can't believe I said Meenaw instead of Nana though. I should be Schrute-shunned for that.
Reverse the button!
Haha. Even I do it sometimes, but not as frequent as Micheal.
every time i’m getting married you don’t believe me!
Thank you. My brain has somehow never been able to compute without having a direct explanation.
Oh sweet Jesus…
Vikram was a little annoying imo
“_Are_ you getting married…?”
Michael is delusional and that was his way of coping with the break up.
Smart man that Vikram...
Oh definitely. I think that makes him seem realistic. He's a know it all.
That was definitely uncomfortable to watch, poor Micheal.
Confidence. It’s the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool.
Yes 💯
Depressed? I'm the furthest thing from depressed. I mean, look at what I've accomplished. Do you think a depressed person could make this? No.
“Is this enough to get 20 people motivated to rip up the carpet?”
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could they didnt stop to think if they should
Very cool. Clearly using one of those latte art printers that print art using coffee grounds. Still cool though.
That was a lot of trips down to the warehouse for Michael via the staircase behind the paper boxes.
His name is Rudy Willingham and he's a local artist who has blown up over the last year. I love seeing his work everywhere.
World's   Best   Animator
This is Motel art.
Actually, it's pronounced "latte"... Wait. That's what you said. I apologize, I just assumed you would mispronounce it.
Sprinkle of cinnamon
“I don’t want to work.  I just want to bang on this mug all day.”    Michael Scott
If you look closely it’s actually OJ
Now thats a latte work
##LET'S TEAR UP THE CARPET!!!!
Someone had a latte time on their hands
Which season has an intro with Ryan and Michael standing and talking like that?
Holy cow this is incredible
What a waste of time...
WHY VIDEO SO LOUD USING BAD AI VOICE. JUST MAKE WUIET VIDEO IT WORK BETTER.
why?
Latte art? They just used cinnamon and a  stencil. Not impressive, just time consuming.
Never saw an intro that short 0/10
r/nextfuckinglevel
I must say that’s pretty impressive. You
I salute to thee
🔥🔥🔥
Stand in the place that you
Chat gpt?
I LOVE this!
I.... cant... imagine the time that went into this jc
Now do the entire first season
Still waiting on that coffee Ryan
The Coffice.
Is cool and all, but what a waste
That’s a latte latte.
*Stand in the place where you li-*
“I dont even drink coffee”
100 cups of latte? Yeah…that should do it.
Love the double reference.
They should
I disagree. This art is the prettiest art of all the art.
Stanley wouldn’t notice.
Not really, they use a machine that “prints” whatever image you want on to the coffee foam. This was not done by hand
Holy COW? As in milk? As in latte? So you're saying this is divine latte art? I see what you did there.
Title of your sex tape.
And other resources, as well.
You’re boring af. This is art.
tf you mean? it’s a creative project that can only be pulled off by a talented and methodical artist. it’s impressive and a neat idea and most importantly the artist probably enjoyed doing it and is proud of it.  all of those things make it NOT a waste of time.
Thank God the stupid fucking robot voice was there or I would have never figured it out
Oh my god. That’s the whole thing. That’s THREE weeks of work.
Cool cool box it up
Fair enough. Pretty cool to watch though.
They're using a latte art printer.
Honestly. I'm listening to music loud, and this is louder. Get a life 😂
I’m in the low cal calzone zone!
I compared it to Avatar!
Park a rec ref brings me join!
And how could it not be longer?!
That's what she said
Or He! Right guys, cuz of gay?
