https://open.spotify.com/track/2Lk9MfqguFe7UvNqtb7jzM?si=Ix9PHdyNQz2qsFpwVipLhg&dd=1  Real Lies has a few cracking tracks on his own too
Altar is I think the only list I have heard which 'mixes' the songs
This is a melodic house mix so not really the genres you mentioned, but it’s a quality mix nonetheless: https://spotify.link/WQnusqcCOyb  My crossfade setting is 3 seconds and it’s incredibly smooth with this one.
'night driver'
‘Massive drum and bass’ does this pretty well
Can you link? Also do you know the crossfade settings?
I saw a couple playlists a few years ago that were “mixed” but stopped seeing them. I wouldn’t be surprised to see an AI driven mixing ability introduced to the new DJ feature
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/37i9dQZF1DXa71eg5j9dKZ?si=8vohMYgnTvCRU1U2mJBBYw no idea what the setting is sorry, how do you find out / set them?
Here’s a few you’ll probably dig;    Max Cooper    Floating Points    Bicep    Four Tet    Moderat    Oneohtrix Point Never    Clark    Roman Flügel    Orbital    Nathan Fake
Weval
One of my favorites is Nicholas Jarr.   Start with his album Sirens.
Sorry if I’m going too old school here for your taste: -Vangelis -Brian Eno
Bonobo would be a good one no one has mentioned yet. I'll also throw out a few more that are similar but more in the downtempo psy area. Shpongle, ott, tipper, solar field, carbon based lifeform.
Max Cooper. He is next level.  Listen to this track https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we2rXhKv0mQ  Watch this interview with Max Cooper: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjn7KXKs4CM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjn7KXKs4CM)  He also had a great interview with Ableton: [https://www.ableton.com/en/blog/composing-infinity-max-cooper-his-new-album/](https://www.ableton.com/en/blog/composing-infinity-max-cooper-his-new-album/)  “These are all simple systems, but they all contain a huge amount of visual richness, and for me they are more meaningful than more recognisable everyday scale imagery,” says Cooper of his projects, including Yearning for the Infinite. “I feel like I get a little glimpse into the depths of nature with these more quantitative visualisations, the artistry not coming from the human animator so much as from nature itself. I find that really interesting.”
Tor. definitely check out his album oasis sky. little closer to bonobo but still in the JH / RC family.   also max cooper. also daniel avery.
What a great thread 🔥
the first three records by The Field are all wonderful and expansive
George Fitzgerald   Agoria
Some songs from artists who I haven't seen recommended yet:  "Depart as | air \[...\]" by Paul Jebanasam (a personal favorite, sounds vast as fuck. Like a church service blasting off into space)  "Cloud" by Roly Porter  "Completely Gone" by Emptyset  "Curzon" by Demdike Stare  And definitely seconding whoever recommended The Field. For a vast sound I'd go with Reflecting Lights or Looping State Of Mind
i’m a fan of four tet, floex, and floating points!
maybe check out lapalux, not completely similar to these two but works in a sort of adjacent space I'd say  and also Jacques Greene, although his work is a bit more straightforward but great stuff nonetheless
Throwing Snow gets in the Rival Consoles territory.  I love the “Dragons” album.   Matths has some great stuff
Here you go:  https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3BHNoitVyTR7vZuMRjF9xa?si=Im2OGuMPR6uHNRhY6LC8cg&dd=1
Djrum. My absolute favorite for powerful and emotional electronic music. He spends a LONG time on each track, sometimes over year, and it shows. His music hits a spot similar to Jon Hopkins and Rival Consoles, in that it's quite melodic and beautiful but also heavy and powerful, so I hope you dig it!   Skee Mask, Overmono and Synkro might also be up your ally.  [Djrum - Showreel Pt 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPaEB9NtjXc)  [Djrum - Induction] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwW979VWs0Q)  [Djrum - Watermark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c5G74HhGSE)
If you’ve not heard her stuff already, given she’s worked with Jon Hopkins, check out HAAI’s ‘Baby We’re Ascending’. It’s a mixed bag stylistically but has some rich JH-style techno in there.
If you're not familiar with Photay you need to be. If I can recommend any musician to anyone, it's him!  His album Waking Hours would be a good start
 [boards of canada - music has the right to children](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/music-has-the-right-to-children)  [boards of canada - in a beautiful place out in the country](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/in-a-beautiful-place-out-in-the-country)  [boards of canada - geogaddi ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/geogaddi)  [boards of canada - the campfire headphase ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/the-campfire-headphase)  [boards of canada - trans canada highway ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/trans-canada-highway)  [boards of canada - tomorrows harvest ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/tomorrows-harvest)  Posted them chronologically. There’s a few earlier EPs and 3 hrs of leaked sketches out there too. Grab a pair of good headphones and some patience, it pays off.
Suggest we have a stickied / FAQ “if you like X listen to Y” for some of the common names, we get these questions a lot
I’d add Computer Data to those already listed
You might enjoy Luke Abbott, especially because he's done some work with Jon Hopkins and contributed a remix on the bonus tracks version of Immunity. Check out his album "Holkham Drones".
 Tim Hecker https://youtu.be/jlfwZDR_1Hg
Pantha du Prince
James Holden The Inheritors album is still a banger
Lots of good recommendations here, but one that I haven’t seen that absolutely fits your criteria: Datach’i  I’d listen to [Rockledge 3A](https://youtu.be/LDgMuIK25mQ) to get a feel for his stuff, then just go through the whole album.   Some of his most well known tracks are recording straight out of his modular synth. Here are two examples of that I particularly enjoy. [Waveguiding](https://youtu.be/jdE53EHdusw) and  [monarchs](https://youtu.be/fgvAM18srr4)
Djrum - Portrait With Firewood  Ludwig A.F. (bit of an up and comer, verrrry good sense of space and top notch sound design)
Stephan Bodzin  Daniel Avery
The Big Bend soundtrack album from explosions in the sky matches well with the mood of Jon Hopkins' Opalescent . I usually play them together as a mix / blend. Explosions does have their own style but the Big Bend album in particular fits in the downtempo/ atmospheric mood very well.
I learned about Rival Consoles from a playlist that started with Alessandro Cortini.
Boards of Canada and Ulrich Schnauss
 Moderat - II
Ross from friends - Tread album
Not as talented as these two but allow me to showcase some of my work as BSLC:   https://open.spotify.com/track/0aomSymEcLOKFMbF8x4NOi?si=d_bbvI3gTLKaifdeKieKBg  Some vocal collaborations are with a super talented Jazz vocalist called Dominique Fils-Aimé.
Adding to this great list:  Lusine Lycoriscoris Aufgang
Stimming, Herbert, Robag Wruhme, Kelly Lee Owens, maybe Applescal
I like all these but I've never heard Roman Flugel so I'll check it out, thanks!
I’ve been absolutely cracking out on Clark’s Totems Flare for the last couple of months.  Can’t recommend it highly enough.
Nice list!
Add  Aphex twin  CFCF  Kelly lee owens   Moving Pictures
Awesome! Got a lot to listen to from you. Thanks!
His essential mix is prime  https://on.soundcloud.com/xU8dC
Oh man, Space is Only Noise is a top notch listening experience.
Nah good shout, RIP Vangelis. I like them both and it's cool that Brian Eno's worked with Jon Hopkins a bunch too.
I just gave the album Juno to Jupiter a quick listen as it totally flew under my radar. Wow. That's some deep listening stuff, going to have to get the headphones out for this one.
Good list, some of my favs!
Max Cooper is another I've discovered fairly recently. He's very good, exactly what I would've been looking for if I hadn't already heard him. I'll check out the interviews though, always fascinating to hear talented artists talk about the creative process. Thanks
Nice I know the rest but not heard Tor before, some really good stuff there, cheers
Love the field. Watched a live video of him the other day and had no idea he performed it with a band.
Four Tet was one of my gateways into enjoying electronic music in my teens. Floating points is brilliant, another one I discovered fairly recently. Don't think I know floex so I'll check it out, thanks!
I discovered photay from that show man seeking woman with Eric Andre. Some really good stuff.
Do you just copy and paste this on a bunch of threads lol
I do like me some boards of canada
Yep this is the sort of stuff I'm after, thanks!
Oh man I forgot about Stimming, time to dive back into his catalogue
In that case. Here’s a few more low key picks;    Priori    Actress    Phono Ghosts    Bochum Welt    Christopher Willits    Placid Angles    Fasme    Telefon Tel Aviv    36    Thrived    Logic1000    Shanti Celeste    CiM    Daniel Avery    Koreless
Check Ben Bohmer too
Absolutely.
100%. I need to listen more to Hopkins but I dig a lot of Rival Consoles. Indeed, their synth sound is huge. Vangelis would thumbs up them. Some of the M83 dude scores are also pretty big. Have you checked that Sufjan Steven album he recorded with his father-in-law? “Aporia”, I think. You’ll find some if this thing you’re seeking in there I’m sure. It’s top notch.
Onism was a benchmark album for me. Kinda made me re-fall in love with electronic music when I first heard it
Got it saved in notes, no one got time to type that all out, share it with folks on this sub and kids on acid/mushrooms. Doing gods work
Olafur Arnalds/Kiasmos  Nils Frahm  Grandbrothers  Darkstar  Dark Sky  D Tiberio  Wisp  Anenon  Archie Pelago  Kuedo  Ishome  Moa Pillar  Lorn  ASC  DeepChord  Boxcutter  DFRNT  Hyetal  Mortiz Von Oswald  Plaid  Sepalcure  The Field  Eskmo/Welder  Solar Fields  Aleph  Akkord  Forest Swords  Milosh  Laurel Halo  Timo Maas  Talvin Singh  Monokle  MMOTHS  Huerco S.  Ulrich Schnauss  Volor Flex
Bonobo  The Orb
Nice one there's a few there I've not heard. You might like Indian Wells and floating points if you're into those.  Edit: you already said floating points, ignore me.
Yes mate I've only recently listened to m83 and their album before the dawn heals us is just my sort of thing.   I've heard some sufjan Stevens not sure about aporia though, good shout, thanks.  If you want to try more Jon Hopkins his latest album Music for psychedelic therapy is this gorgeous ambient journey that absolutely peaks in the middle, it's a masterpiece.   And then there's obviously his bangers like open eye signal and emerald rush.
XD
Lorn is on another level
Volor flex is an imposter. Don't reward this thief with a recommendation.
Was just listening... 2 from Hans Zimmer: -S.T.A.Y. (Very Enoish) -Sea Wall (Huge Vangelis-like sound)
Then try Autechre
What's the story here? Can't find details.
They definitely copied Burial’s sound, but idk if I would call it theft.
Google turned up nothing. I’m guessing they’re bitter about the Burial bite. I honestly think it sounds pretty good though.
All about [the Remzcore version](https://youtu.be/KGxEtXi90KA)
He puts out an incredible amount of high-quality music. Really digging this.
Was fully excited on this album and it turned out to be very nice. Liked the ambient theme along with some impressive sounds that he always excels in his music craft.  Good project along with the release date fitting towards my birthday today, this had made my day Friday morning.
Love the switch up to some more ambient tunes from his high-tempo club stuff.
I only listened to a few snippets but this sounds AWESOME. Super vibey introverted electronic musings for city explorers.
Reminds me of Koreless
Can’t wait to spin this one tomorrow. Mans work ethic is unmatched.
Happy Birthday!! Hope your day is great.
I fully agree. His early stuff was amazing, but sometimes too frenetic. It's nice to hear a different side of his sound.
Honestly.. this may be some of his best work if not his best. Absolutely amazing.
I love Tim Hecker. Saw him live once and it was an amazing set too.
I thought this said Tim Heidecker
I’m thinking of going to see him, what is his performance like? Hoping it’s not press play and tweak eq now and then
Honestly, at the performance I was at, you couldn't even see him because there was so much fog and a mesmerizing light show. It was a full sensory experience that left me feeling euphoric. Like seriously, it was the best light show I have ever seen. The music and the lights both heightened each other. The lights were done by MFO.
It’s a lot of mangled elements from the album(s) plus added synthesizer noodling, some played through a large bass amplifier for added distortion. For the Konoyo/Anoyo shows he also had a few performers playing the gagaku ensemble instrument which was quite fun.  You can recognize elements and the overall arc of tracks but it’s not exactly the same.
I saw him at a seated gig in Manchester a few years ago and it was pitch black on stage apart from a white spotlight that wasn't even pointing at him.   Music was amazing, almost hallucinogenic. Would Def recommend.
That all sounds great!
There’s a recording of a recent show from San Francisco that’s fun to listen to, other than the smoke alarm blaring for like 10 minutes of it from all the haze.
man, i love this song
KNOWER is great! Louis Cole sounds like if Sonic The Hedgehog made impeccable music.
KNOWER is so dope. First found out about them from Porter Robinsons covid stream.
A bonified classic
B-Side Los Angeles was founded in November 2014 by a group of strangers led by Murad Rezian, who shared a love for bass music. Gabrielle Watson, aka A Hundred Drums, who started out as a promoter, later became a core member and co-founder of B-Side Los Angeles after relocating to the Bay Area and launching B-Side Bay Area’s “Eyes Down” series. Watson's contributions have helped solidify B-Side's position as the top promoter of underground music in the area. Click the link for more information and tickets!
Vocals Remind me of [Inner light by Elderbrook](https://soundcloud.com/elderbrook/inner-light-feat-bob-moses)
ive said that the beat is somewhat similar to unobsidian- also on the same album
It is somewhat similar yes! But that’s not the *song I’m thinking of of😭😭😭  Edit - that’s not the song
it's the song you're thinking of yet you are crying?
That’s not the song* I did not realise that I typed that’s the song lol.
It's amazing how far this guy has come haha
ALWAYS KEEP IT SIXTY NINEEEEE
I LOVE KETAMINE!
Needs b2b with Horsegiirl
Tnx for sharing. Something I needed today
NO I DONT FUCK I JUST 69 ALWAYS KEEP IT 69   *fucking with me is so sublime*
Wish he would release 'your touch'.
The boi can party
Damn he got on boiler room!??!?! My dawg partiboi69 is destroying
Keep the upvotes at 69
Keep it unprotected! I can't wait to see him in LA!!!
God I wish he ever hit the Midwest!
Ugh his music is too good, anytime my bf and I have drinks we put him on
it’s time to get stingy
I am legit happy for dude.  Such good energy.
is coool the new trend of making dj sets all around people
We all knew he was gonna be a star when he dropped “Get Stingy”
Ket on my dick, ket on my dick!
So fuckin much
YES
saw him in goa  insane energy
He already did last year @ Movement Detroit
to be fair Boiler Room is the OG of that and everybody else is copying them
Oh fuck really? I haven't been there since '03 fucking a.
This is def Star 69 by Fatboy Slim
Fatboy Slim - Star 69 maybe?  you can also check whosampled.com, should be easy to find there
“They know what is what but they don’t know what is what they strut what the fuck” is the vocal part ur referring to I Know. Fatboy slim - 69 star
https://www.whosampled.com/Roland-Clark/I-Get-Deep/sampled/
hi-lo & sander van doorn - wtf (?)  https://youtu.be/A3T-aoULf_8
Thanks. I did check there, but sadly they don't have it listed. I'm thinking I might just have to wait until the algorithm gods bless me with it again as I think it might be a remix of something else.
Some of my favorites:  * [Deadmau5 @ Creamfields UK 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX52W4JFE6Q)  * [Above & Beyond: Group Therapy 450 live at The Drumsheds, London](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUq9Io3hXKc)  * [Above & Beyond: Group Therapy 450 Deep Warm Up Set, London](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrzO9GqS8BY)  * [Laserface by Gareth Emery @ Seattle WaMu 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtXx3Qubmys)  * [Tinlicker Live at Anjunadeep x Printworks London 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfQxKISRbjU)  * [Porter Robinson & Madeon - Shelter Tour Live](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J_q_HbOBuo&t=3561s)  * [Kasablanca - Live @ EDC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAnEb0zg2Rc)  * [Jai Wolf - The Cure To Loneliness LIVE @ Second Sky 2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP6IAYQ9PHg)  * [Madeon's Good Faith Forever Supercut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5dq3vZnqDs)  * [Justice - IRIS: A Space Opera - Live At Accorhotels Arena, Paris](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MucREx-e4Q)  * [Cosmic Gate live at A State Of Trance 1000 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yckHee_449I)  * [Eric Prydz | Tomorrowland Belgium 2018](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_rXt7sWn_E)  * [Spencer Brown | 5h Extended Sunset Set](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGx9RZNxr3o)
[Rufus Du Sol's Joshua Tree set](https://youtu.be/Zy4KtD98S2c) is a favorite of mine
Check out:    Depeche Mode - 101, it’s from 1989 I think but it’s an excellent live performance.    The Prodigy - World’s On Fire   Underworld - Everything, Everything
Aphex Twin mind blowing @ Printworks London:  https://youtu.be/5yQRp4j2RQMhttps://youtu.be/5yQRp4j2RQM  Aphex Twin live @ Field day 2017:  https://www.youtube.com/live/nzvLiwUK3R8?feature=share   Hope you like it 😉
Fred Again's boiler room set in London is pretty good.  https://youtu.be/c0-hvjV2A5Y  Solomon's Boiler room set in Tulum is also quite good  https://youtu.be/bk6Xst6euQk  Boris Brejcha at Grand Palais in Paris  https://youtu.be/vqz8c4ZP3Wg  Be Svendsen Live at Mount Amrut for Cercle https://youtu.be/5mpafLYHVd0
[Solomun in Tulum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bk6Xst6euQk)
The new Space Laces set on YouTube is one of the best hours of bass music I’ve ever heard.
Add me to this list. Starting at like 3:10 [soulllfoo](https://www.youtube.com/live/ed_UPFfqm0A?feature=share)
Adventure club live from ultra Miami 2013 - my favorite live set of all time   So many throwbacks
Isoxo’s Nightrealm Finale https://youtu.be/ETsi8TG6z-U
[Spongebob Squarewave @ Balter Festival 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCHhsYej8Kk&t=752s)  Not to everyone's tastes I'd imagine, but a hell of a lot of fun imo.
Going to sleep? You need Heisenberg to calm you down mate. Deep Sleep House.   https://youtu.be/GkWZUg9XgEA
Great post! Fun to play on the tv for parties or just chilling
This is a great set both audibly and visually  Netsky 360° Live - Antwerp Belgium  https://youtu.be/vgAJU95nsgo
[DJ koco the GOAT](https://youtu.be/Yvi0AlMSv_U)  Skip ahead bc YouTube nerfed the first track
My fav is Joe Bonamasso live at Radio City Music Hall singing “Love Ain’t a Love Song”.
Any of Pretty Lights’ 2017 run. Lots of official videos on YT.
See my playlist  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6Nt2VfVPRBic51SebMX9mCQliXXGpxoB
Kaytranada Boiler room set  Peggy Gou Boiler room set
Bob Moses at the Griffith Observatory   Acid Pauli at Garni Temple   Hot Since 82 at Culture Club   Carl Cox at Chatea de Chambord   Ben Bohmer's set above Cappadocia in Turkey is amazing too
Rufus Du Sol, live from Joshua Tree
Skream b2b disclosure boiler room set can't be beat.
Also Jonas Saalbach's set atop of a cliff in norway....  https://youtu.be/cVFzblT5VPE
Next three are defenitely missing in your list  [Darkside](https://youtu.be/vmgoO43_0kk)    [David august](https://youtu.be/cwL_CIhS9Qs)   [Nils frahm](https://youtu.be/e_1uGnqFGME)
I also love live performances amazing post...
It’s a bit different than other suggestions here but my favorite live performance is [Porter Robinson’s Nurture live show at Second Sky](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qMc-4GsuXJc)
Incredible.  Thank you so much!!
Comment saved for future use 😁
LOVEEE this set
I've watched Everything Everything on DVD so many times, I've lost count. Legendary set. One of the few DVDs I still own.   Stoked I've been able to see them multiple times. One of the best live shows, of any genre.
Awesome set !
 If you liked those here are some more:  * [Armin van Buuren B2B Ferry Corsten Vinyl Classics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zh3VigIj-c)  * [San Holo Live @ Red Rocks 2022 - Infinite Light](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO4tNqhC5dc)  * [Spencer Brown Live @ Opulent Temple, Burning Man 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCF31VavY-U)  * [ARTBAT | Live At Tomorrowland 2022 Mainstage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQNCvDWCshA)  * [OLAN: Group Therapy 500 live at Banc Of California Stadium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niAcmpXET_4)  * [Tinlicker Live at Anjunadeep Open Air: Prague](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F35xoJOxamg)  * [The Anjunabeats Rising Residency with Kaleena Zanders](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGrF1Xon3Wo)  * [Jerro - Live at EDC Mexico 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbMn19TOVXw)
I’ve never seen them, but I’ve got tickets for the show on the 21st in San Francisco. I’m flying in just for the show and heading straight to the airport to catch the first flight out in the morning.
Busy Child by Crystal Method?
Nope finally popped up on my playlist , got the lyrics wrong. Touch Me by Rui Da Silva
What in the hell is going on here? I recognize the wah wah pedal… she’s keeping it real with the times.
I Guess You Guys Aren’t Ready For That Yet. But Your Kids Are Gonna Love It.
Silver Apples was just Simeon with his pile of electronics plus an awesome drummer  whose rhythms were hipnotic. Their self-titled debut album was like nothing else.  Worth seeking out.
what Pioneer DDJ is this?
I saw silver apples live in Los Angeles.. What an experience!!
Check out the album here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HTOmW-fJ_4&list=PLOJWuc3CN300dlYiGE4LB3gDRASr0uiqy  If you squint your ears you can almost hear them inventing acid house and techno like 20-30 years ahead of their time.
I saw him perform at the Oasis Mountain Music Festival in Asheville, NC and it was a blast.
The Silver Apples were so incredibly influential in all things electronic music. Almost all the big old legends cite them as a huge inspiration. The Orb, Daft Punk, Kraftwerk, Suicide (really interesting band), etc.   I can’t remember the details right now, but I think they have a really interesting backstory
I saw him live back in the 90s!
Got to see him live in the early 2000s. Still crushed.
Unfortunate story, the silver apples. They got sued into oblivion by an airline company so that’s why there’s only the two albums from the 60s. even showed up to the drummers gig and took his drums. They are one my favorite creative forces, too bad they got cut off from continuing their career (until like the 90s, but imo it wasn’t the same) The flame is it’s own reflection!
I wonder when the Behringer clone will be realesed.
Pioneers, some of the most creative use of war time technology ever. Simeon used WWII oscillators to creative hypnotic electronic music much in the same way synths would allows new wave artists to do the same a decade later. Both of their classic 60s albums get regular play from me.
I had the honor of seeing him play with a wicked good drummer in the late 90s. Great memory.
Great time to have been a musician
Gamechanger Audio reveals their next synth…
Fucking legends
*The Simeon was an ugly thing, really: an electrical heap containing 16 oscillators, foot pedals, a bank of telegraph switches, a couple of wah-wah pedals, Echoplexes and a very loud speaker. Christened after its inventor as a promotional ploy by the savvy marketers at KAPP, Billboard likened the rig in 1967 to a junkyard that “sounds like a mating call between two IBMs.”*  *“We always thought it was more like the mating call between a jackhammer and a Veg-O-Matic,” laughs Coxe.*  *...Essentially, The Simeon was a rudimentary synthesizer, although one where all the components were disjointed, weighed approximately 10 kilograms each and required all four limbs to play. Six oscillators were assigned to bass notes and were wired though on/off switches on a piece of plywood at Coxe’s feet. Telegraph keys connected to another bank of pre-tuned oscillators which Simeon played with his right elbows, while his right hand rotated the ‘grandfather oscillator’, the one he first played with at Cafe Wha? for the lead line. His left hand manned the effects and oscillator volumes.*      *“Not being a keyboard player, I would put colored stickers on the keys to designate chords,” Coxe recalls. “Some songs would be in the key of yellow, some the key of red, some in the key of green. I have a mixer now, but in the 60s they were all just run through a common output and I controlled the individual volumes on each oscillator.”*
Not a lady…
> What in the hell is going on here? I recognize the wah wah pedal… she’s keeping it real with the times.   He.
It’s a man, man
Nice one
"if it can make noise it can make music" simeon cox, the third
Has a talking heads flavor to it …
You made me read more about them and I found this gem of an article:  https://www.theguardian.com/music/2019/apr/09/silver-apples-electro-stars-hendrix-stereolab-portishead-john-lennon
Thanks. Gonna have to check her out more. I love music in the key of yellow.
And now I kind of want to hear his set with this, thanks :)
Simeon is a dude.
That is one fine looking dude.
🥂
How did you come up with your stage name?
Thank you so much for joining today, I had a blast !! I'm gonna log off and play some Zelda and  hang out with my cats now, See you guys on the road and online !  Adam
Hey man loving the new album!   1: what's your kitty's name?  2: any plans on touring through Portland any time soon?  3: any useful tips for a beginner when it comes to mixing/ producing music?  P.s I'm obsessed with the track outer space
What’s the favorite song and remix you have made to date?
When did you start realizing music was going to be your thing, and what feelings did you have when you first came up with the idea to start music as a career. I really want to start music, as a 20 year old I fear I may be late to the party and am questioning whether I admire this kind of music enough to where I can create my own.
Do you still smoke cigarettes? Are you ever going to do some new dubstep releases or are you pretty much over that genre?
Should we expect a banging house set or thick and nasty bass set from you @ Paradise blue??
Hey man, what's up. Loving the album so f much.  Here my questions:  1: Tips or advices in sound desing.  2: Do you have plans of touring in South America?  3: (Haha), How do you use a synth?  4: When you send a demo, Is the track only mixed or you send the mixed a mastered version?  Pd: You're my biggest inspiration.
How do you deal with toxic people in the industry?  How do you keep yourself from getting burnt out especially as a dj where there are so many highs and lows?   How did you find your team and how did you know they were the right ones for the job?  How do you deal with people who try to take advantage of you in the industry?   Do you think PLUR still exists?
Can you talk about the creation of your track with Skrillex “Chicken Soup”? This is the song that introduced me to you and I’d love to know how it came about (EDIT: anything you’d be happy discussing is fine but I was curious about the sound design and ideas/direction, it’s one of the most unique house tracks I’ve heard)
What is your best moment/memory on stage ?
What’s your favorite place to perform?
I’m making you kandi for your SF date 4/15 🥹 will you take it ?
Hey mate fan from France here.   J'ai pas une tonne de question à te poser et je vais parler en français pour pas me battre avec l'auto correct mais sache que même si tu as cette remarque sûrement souvent tu m'inspires beaucoup avec ta manière d'être et ta musique. Tu dégages quelque chose d assez unique avec ta personnalité et c'est un plaisir de te suivre depuis des années.   J'ai enfin pu te voir à Paris au t7 et tu nous a régalé. Comme peu d'album dernièrement tu as su tenir les promesses de la hype que tu as build.   Si je devais poser une question "triviale" je te demanderai ce que tu penses de la dnb et est-ce que tu as envie de t'y essayer ? Au plaisir d'être présent à un de tes shows en nom propre ou de contrebande.
Hi! Long time fan. I've been listening to your music ever since I heard Gluttony in Never Say Die Vol 26.  My question is: comparing EDM today to EDM 10 years ago, what in your opinion has the music gained since then, and what has it lost?
Hey Habstrakt love the new album and even saw you in Philly at the Ave (front row holding your new merch) Here are my questions lol  1).  Do your normally start with something specific when starting a new track like drums, break, melody, or drop?  2). What is your biggest tip to new producers?  3). Are you ever thinking of releasing some sort of sample pack?4). Who would be your dream collab? (I think a Haby x Joyryde collab would be 🔥)  5). Are the Lazerbeam and Ultimate Flex remixes planned to be released or will they remain IDs?  If you answer, thanks dude!🙏
Yo Habby! Finally got to catch you live in Toronto last year and it was absolutely crazy. Your tracks got me back into making music after many years hiatus, and more seriously than ever with piano lessons etc. So, thank you!! Infinite, Real, Antigone, seriously inspired me and moved my booty beyond words.   alright some questions!  1) how difficult was it to keep Heritage cohesive sounding? Were there times you were worried about the direction of the album, or, was the vision always clear to you? There's so many styles and elements in this album, it's truly incroyable!  2) how tight are you with Aazar and the Pardon my French crew ? I've always thought you two could make a seriously crazy collab. his new one Cop That is crazy good.  3) best techniques and tricks for a perfect joint? :D
Hey! Long time fan, been listening since the Eat Me ep, hope you keep cranking out more and more for a long time to come.   How long do you usually spend on a track? I feel like it usually takes me forever, so any tips on workflow I’ll take to heart.
Congratulations on the album! 🤟🏼🤟🏼🤟🏼  If you could catch a set by anyone ever who/what would you see?!?
Love it the new album.Please continue making these amazing songs uncle habby.  Will we ever see another Habby b2b Joyryde on the mainstage?  also excited to see you later this month in NY
Any plans on vinyl/album merch ?
Damn lol
Yesssss bro, when making a song how do how do you deal with exploring every option and tweaking everything vs just choosing one thing and going with it? I feel like i sometimes get so stuck on one thing that I forget to let go and just turn knobs ily bro
Habbyyy!! What experience has grounded you the most in music?!
Un truc que tu as remarqué quand tu as commencé à jouer ta musique en live et qui a fait glow up ton mix ou ta façon de prod ?
What made you decide to commit to making the music that you make? What’s your process behind making it?
Hi habby, big fan. Caught your performance at Fvded in the Park last year and you absolutely went nuts 🔥🔥🔥   Do you have any tips on how to make the perfect bass house kick?
Habby! What collab have you had the most fun working on? Also any favorite tour you’ve been a part of?
One last question for you bro!   Which software do you recommend for producing? I have a hard time with FL and I hear good and bad things about ableton
What's one item on your rider that you deem essential/non-negotiable?
Uncle Habby!! Last night's set was incredible and your long awaited album is a masterpiece!  - What do you look for when transposing a melody you have in mind into the sound design you work through?  - How do you see your sound and aesthetics evolving in the next couple of years?
What would be your advice for someone who dreams of being a DJ/producer?
last night at sound was insane! what was your favorite moment? also, any tips for maintaining balance in life when making music/touring constantly (what activities outside of music keep you grounded, etc)?
What advice would you give to a producer who comes from a small place where there is no scene? Is the internet a good tool?
1: you remember that masterclass you did in in LA? 2016 with Torro Torro?   I was there hah 🙌     2: how did you make the lead on the track Juicy?     3: Now it's got direct download...  [https://on.soundcloud.com/viWWq](https://on.soundcloud.com/viWWq) any feedback would be great. Is this something you would play out?
Hey Habbie, long time fan here and so exciting to listen to your album. Can you please start a website of your own with a mailing list to fill people in on your happenings? I've noticed you post on social media but not everyone is on those platforms, getting email updates of what you're doing might've meant I would've known about your recent show in Sydney! Also, do you think the "old" model of making an album and touring and rinse and repeat is a model you could get into? From a fan's perspective it's nice to have that body of work to slap on instead of single releases now and then that the industry seems to favour. Much love from Australia, your music helped me through a lot of crazy times through COVID etc, love you man X
uncle habby why and how did you go so hard last night at sound and at countdown
Who’s your favorite up and comers right now?  whats your favorite track off the album from the ambient tunes?
How did you start your music career? From the gecko!
Just here to say I saw you live in Paris at T7 club few weeks ago, was a blast! Keep going
“My name is Habstrakt”   Sounds like “my name is Skrillex”, ‘bout that, maybe a new collab? Or just remix idk, both Chicken Soup and your dirty vibe remix were WILD.   That being said I really like your “sound” lately, thanks for keeping me company on the metro and Molotov gets me mental everytime!
Just wanted to say I love your stuff been a fan for a while And I like your cat.
Do you have any merchandise coming out? Your last merch drop was fucking sick but it sold out before I could grab a shirt :/
What's something you know now that you wish you knew when you started producing?   also heritage is SO SICK love the sounds 🥵🥵🥵
How did you link up with NSD back in the day? You introduced me to house through your releases years ago on that label. Habby9000 will forever be a banger
Hey Habby thanks for the unreal shows at T7 & L’Altherax :’) Your energy is truly fuel for the soul  I have a couple questions if you feel  1.) When did you leave France?   2.) Who is your favorite artist to collab with?   3.) What’s your current favorite track from another artist? Any genre   Merci beaucoup pour l'énergie et l'authenticité de vos vibrations :)
Do you have the line up for EDC?!?
Hi, will there be merch for the tour? Please?
You’re my favorite DJ of all time, your set at 45 East last year was absolutely amazing. I can wait to see you in May. Just wanted to say that and love the new album!
Ca va Habby?  First question - The dance music scene in the US is growing more accepting of faster and harder tracks. Hearing a 4x4 track in a dubstep set for example is becoming a lot more common. Do you see yourself dabbling more in the uptempo scene in the future, like your remix of Trust Nobody?  Second question - I’m a huge fan of Zero (CruCast recs) and have always seen similarities in the way the two of you write melodies, build energy and release tension in your tracks. I also noticed you haven’t dropped anything in CruCast yet. I think a collab between you two would be MASSIVE. Take a look at his tunes if you don’t know of him already :) (this wasn’t really a question, so I’ll ask how much you hate when people suggest collabs)  Third question - what are your thoughts on Frenchcore?
Hey Habstrakt,  thoughts on knock2 and isoxos future? I noticed you played a few of their tracks at your COUNTDOWN NYE set back in san bernardino
What inspired you to make Bass House? It always stood out to me how early on you started producing that style. It's been almost a decade ago at this point, and it was at a time when so many people weren't aware of it yet.
We’re you influenced by Kraftwerk?
1. How to overcome self doubt while the writing process of a track after deciding a particular theme?   2. How to confirm practically or theoretically whether each section of the track is correct or does not jump out of the rules after incorporating our own structure?  3. What is the best thing to look for when asking for a track feedback ?  4. What is your advice for someone who smokes to get in the zone for music production?   5. Does all the creative part revolve around your disciplined schedule or do you allow yourself to reach a flow state and then start your routine?   6. I saw one of your old sets on YouTube and heard the right here song. One thing I realized is even today I can feel the energy from your sound. How to build such sonic understanding that makes it futuristic even after listening to it for more than a couple of years. Do you think about layering sounds and visualizing it in your mind or do you spend a lot of time in shaping it to fit and feel futuristic at the same time not knowing where it is going to end?   7. How to start DJing when the beginning and present is a major music production activity inside a bedroom? How did you approach clubs/events for a spot in the initial stage ?   Thank you for your time, all I want to say is your music is so powerful.
What would it take to collab together?? Lol I’ve seen you play multiple times and love that energy
Your set was the best at lost lands 2021 and 2022 💜💜✨ much love
Yoooo…I just listened to a few of your tracks on my drive home from work today! Any chance you  will be coming through western NY area?
Really appreciate the responses, been listening to you for a while and dig your stuff. I’m surprised this thread doesn’t have more activity tbh ur a beast.  When you say codes of loudness and structure care to give any advice on how to achieve that? I been making music for a long time and enjoy the creative process but do feel I have a hard time making tracks sound like they belong in a club.
Whats your rang in rocket league and your favorite game mode? Mine is dropshot and i am around plat 3 to dia 3
Do you make any soundtrack?
Do you think dubstep has more potential in Europe? Right now it seems as if Rampage is the only festival/rave including dubstep over here. Do you think there will be more raves with more dubstep artists in Europe in the future?  Oh and you're pretty rad, can't wait seeing you on Rampage open air this summer!
What and or where is the best place to find new music? What is the key to making good high hats? What is your go to distortion?
I am a producer / dj from the detroit area & Chicken Soup legit became the unofficial anthem of my crew anytime we went out.   Did you know chicken soup would be as huge as it was prior to release ?
Do mermaids poop?
March 25 already came and went 4 me. Enjoy your tour. ♡
I honestly have no idea and I definitely think I should have been smarter about this. If you have to spell it, not just pronounce it, then you're losing a huge chunk of people discovering you on the fly because they dont know how to spell your name and google it the moment they hear your name.
Thanks man !!  1. The kitten is named Louise aka Monkey aka Mittens, we rescued her from the streets and she is a little gremlin with crazy 4am zoomies. We have another older cat named Cleo and they just love to fight constantly!   2. 45east Portland babyyy one of my favorite venues in the US, love love love the vibe and energy there   3. Youtube was my bible but can also teach you wrong things, its important to know several ways to do the same thing and pick the one that fits your workflow the best so its never a chore. After a while it sort of becomes automatic and part of the writing process. I NEVER first write then mixdown a track, it all happens together now.
Scratch question 2, just saw your tour schedule and I'm buying my tix now lmao
Favorite song at the moment : Outer Space. The creative process behind it was just so fun. Roderick sent me vocals that were perfect on the first take, and I had been playing so many different versions of that song for a while before that, its just eternally stuck in my head now.   Favorite remix : Ring The Alarm from DJ Snake and Malaa, shout out to my frenchies, what an incredible record and absolute honor to have been selected to remix it. I wrote it on laptop speakers in a new apartment I had just moved in and was blown away by how well it sounded when first playing it out. Use your eyes, spectrum analyzers are great tools !!
I was about 21 or 22, I had been making music for a decade before but never too seriously, I was working small jobs mostly in kitchens and construction while making music as a hobby. It wasn’t until my music got picked up by DJs and radios that I started to tour locally in France and from there decided to fully dedicate myself to making music. That being said money wasn’t great and I had to make a lot of sacrifices including moving back to my parents, I was very lucky to have parents that were okay with that. I was 27 when it really became sustainable and I was able to move out and live on my own, so age really doesn’t mean anything in my opinion, only your passion, patience and hard work matters and that can happen at any stage of life!
I do not smoke anymore, even if I’ll indulge in the occasional devil stick sometimes when going out. It’s a very nasty habit and I’m happy to have kicked it off, I breathe better, can smell things better.    I have been thinking of making dubstep again lately actually! I have tried on several occasions in the past but have not finished a dubstep track beyond the DJ tool stage in years. It would have to be something super weird, been very inspired by the Skrillex album notably his song Tears !
My sets and music in general always revolves around a very simple rule : How about both ?
>Here my questions:   >   >1: Tips or advices in sound desing.   >   >2: Do you have plans of touring in South America?   >   >3: (Haha), How do you use a synth?   >   >4: When you send a demo, Is the track only mixed or you send the mixed a mastered version?  Thanks a lot !!  1. Focus on exploration, the rest will come naturally. Most of my best sound designs came from having no idea what the end result was gonna be. Use unconventional tools as much as possible and if a synth/vst/method is too annoying, just forget it and focus on learning and exploring a new one.   2. I only have played in a few places in South America, Mexico, Argentina and Chile so far but all of these shows and crowds were absolutely incredible. Amazing places and people and the food !!! Definitely trying to go back to these places + explore the rest of the continent as soon as possible   3. A mix of very pragmatic and complete chaotic nonsense, a LOT of modulation from LFOs and Envelopes. I tend to try have the best sound possible coming out of the synth and do very little effects post processing. But each synth is different and none will yield the same results.   4. Usually only a mixed demo, I would slap a limiter and soft clipper on the master to make it loud and banging, ready to be tested out in clubs, and only master (or have it mastered I should say) when it’s ready for release. Mastering is such a painful process that I tend to avoid as much as possible and prefer asking a friend to do it.
>\-I keep to myself a lot to avoid all the drama and toxicity, surround myself with few selected people I trust deeply and mostly focus my energy on my craft. Its the only way I manage to stay creative and inspired   \-Burn outs are real and we all go through them, I was severely burnt out last year around November. Lots of touring, very little time for myself, it happens every year when you tour a lot. With time you learn how to ride the lows and sit on them but I would be lying if I told you I found the recipe for avoiding them. Im extremely sensitive and tend to embrace that sensitivity as a part of myself, and try to learn from my low moments and turn that energy into creative fuel for when the highs kicks in. Putting a lot of work and effort into physical and mental health has drastically improve my overall mental strength.   \-I found my team first by hearing about them and seeing their work on other projects, then being ballsy enough (or at least pretending to be) to request a meeting and sharing my vision unconditionally with them and see what came back from it. It’s a complicated relationship where managers and agents have very business oriented minds and us artists are very sensitive and emotional beings, you gotta find the correct way to navigate both worlds. Theres no magic recipe but communication is KEY, I know people that have their best friend from high school as a manager and are incredibly happy, and some people that are signed to management powerhouse and feel completely left out.    \-I worked hard to get my radar fixed and be better at reading people and their intention. But when in doubt do what the french say : trust nobody.   \-I do, I think the rave scene is extraordinary and filled with amazing minds and people in phase with their emotions and self. But you know what they say, Its all PLUR until it’s time to leave the parking lot !!!
I was 27 living at my parents, it was 4am and I was in bed when I saw a twitter dm from Skrillex asking for my number, before I could realize it we were on facetime and I had to pretend I wasn't actually half asleep and half naked, he said he wanted to work together and I spent all my savings into a flight to Los Angeles to make it happen, I was in the plane within a few days, the rest is history ! I owe so much to Skrillex, he opened many doors for me and taught me so much about music and life on so many levels. His genius knows no boundaries.
I feel like these b2b's I've started playing with my bro Joyryde will really live in my memories forever, the energy together and the fun we have is just electric and incredibly contagious. We just played one yesterday in LA and I'm still absolutely buzzing from it.
Absolutely ! I keep all the gifts I get in a special place in my apartment, also my nieces absolutely love Kandis and I gift them some of them sometimes and they proudly wear them at school and everywhere else !
>Hi! Long time fan. I've been listening to your music ever since I heard Gluttony in Never Say Die Vol 26.   >   >My question is: comparing EDM today to EDM 10 years ago, what in your opinion has the music gained since then, and what has it lost?  Woaw thats oldschool !! thanks a lot man  I feel like people a lot more self centered now VS wanting to create and be part of a global movement, culture and family like when I started, labels for examples used to be something prestigious and you were part of a family with a specific sound and goals, now most are just churning releases as fast as they can with very little interest in the artists and the cohesion between all releases. Its important to differentiate content from art.
>Hey Habstrakt love the new album and even saw you in Philly at the Ave (front row holding your new merch) Here are my questions lol   >   >1).  Do your normally start with something specific when starting a new track like drums, break, melody, or drop?   >   >2). What is your biggest tip to new producers?   >   >3). Are you ever thinking of releasing some sort of sample pack?4). Who would be your dream collab? (I think a Haby x Joyryde collab would be 🔥)   >   >5). Are the Lazerbeam and Ultimate Flex remixes planned to be released or will they remain IDs?   >   >If you answer, thanks dude!🙏  1.My creative process is very chaotic lol. These days I start by jamming with something that makes me dance and keeps me off my seat in the room, should it be a loop or even just a solid drum break, so I would usually start by the most energetic moments in the song and do the less energetic moments last. I guess you could say I start by the drop but it can also be just the skeleton of a track aka the drums, sub bass and vocal or synth chops.   2. Do something meaningful to you, f\*ck the codes and the standards, do something that vibrates deep in your soul and do not try to please anyone but yourself, while also respecting the basic codes of loudness and structures so that DJs can play your records. Stay away from trying to make a song “that sounds like…”   3. Fun fact yesterday at dinner with my team we were discussing releasing a Habstrakt Modular Synth sample pack, I feel it would be interesting to give away some of these crazy analog sounds that comes out of my modular system !     4. Hab x Joyryde sounds scary we both have so much respect and love for each other but I feel we could never sit down and compromise. We actually shared a studio for years and the closest we ever came to collaborating was ordering two pizzas at the same time and bet on which one was gonna arrive first. That being said nothing is impossible but we just have such high standards, this collab would have to be the best record we both have ever made.   5. So far I’d like to keep these for my sets and my close DJ friend circle, I like to keep some stuff as unreleased and seeing how crazy it goes when I play it live. They exist in their own world and that world is live music being played very loud on club speakers only!
>Dude thank you so much, its crazy realizing how much my work can inspire people, it inspires me back 100 times more!   Keeping Heritage cohesive was a very natural process actually, I just let things flow and spent a huge amount of time sitting on the sofa at the back of the studio listening to it in entirety to let myself feel it and make changes and write more stuff until the feeling felt complete. I wanted it to be a feeling experience, something deeper than just slapping 15 bangers next to each other with no story.   I definitely had many doubts and rough moments making it, I was terrified about showing that much of my "deeper" side, and I decided to embrace it as part of the process and feeling experience.   Ive known Aazar for over a decade just like the rest of the PMF crew, most french producers know each other and we’re a very tight and supportive family and I absolutely love his music, would be an honor to write a record together !   Grinding is everything ! No branches lol
Anywhere between 6 hours and 6 years. Vision took 6 years, Tonight took 6 hours. Theres no rule but I tend to make the most raw and energetic tracks very quickly and not touch them after in order to keep that emotion intact. If you vibe instantly, with what you just made there's no point going over it again a hundred times, its a very gut-feeling type of emotion. We all make terrible records, the key is to only release the less terrible ones!
I reaaally reallly want to see a Knock2 Room202 set, the energy looks absolutely incredible. That and I really want to see Overmono live
>Any plans on vinyl/album merch ?  Yes ! Currently in the process of remastering the whole album in order to press vinyls and audio cassettes, they should be available very soon! Also about to drop a new merch collection online in the next few days after seeing the incredible feedback from having it at a few shows on this tour
>Uncle Habby!! Last night's set was incredible and your long awaited album is a masterpiece!   >   >What do you look for when transposing a melody you have in mind into the sound design you work through?How do you see your sound and aesthetics evolving in the next couple of years?  Thank you for last night, what an incredible night, I cant wait to post some videos and photos from it. Having my homies Joyryde, Alrt, Nitepunk and Link all playing such incredible music was an absolute honor !   I usually work melody and sound design together, in the same way that I do the writing and mixing of a song at the same time. Everything is contextual in music and some melodies will only work with a specific sound, and some sounds will only with with a specific melody. I let the creative juices flow and see where it takes me but once a melody is written I tend to not tweak the sound design of it, if that makes sense.   I can definitely see my sound being more authentic and intimate like I did on the album, with a lot more diverse sounds and emotions, the same way for my aesthetics, more personal, brutally honest and absolutely unapologetic. Artistic vision before anything else. This album taught me so much about myself I feel like the real Habstrakt is only starting to awake now.
Last night man, wow! Nitepunk's sets always drive me absolutely bonkers, his drums are just incredible, I'm his biggest fan. Joyryde dropping a dozen of brand new unreleased tunes definitely blew my mind and I kept jumping and screaming all over the place.  Favorite moment was seeing my gf surprising me with inviting so many of my friends for my birthday, having a Habby Birthday banner put up and all the little surprise she and my team did over the night. The Habby Bday donuts tasted delicious and I kept eating them while DJing lol
I come from a small town of 1500 people in the south of France. Had no money no connections no local scene, all I had was an internet connection at home and the audacity to DM as many DJ's as I could with my music every single day until they finally started picking it up. The internet is the most incredible tool available, use it as much as you can to learn and spread what you create.
I do remember !! I mostly remember not having enough time to really show everything in detail as I planned it, I could talk about music production and show how I do it for hours so having only one hour was very short to me.  &#x200B;  2. The lead on Juicy was a one note I made on Serum then resampled and chopped into audio, layered with a tons of foley and weird sounds.  3. Sounds pretty damn good ! However I dont play much dubstep and I'm allergic to piano in clubs, its a very rare medical condition that one in 5 french DJ suffers from
Definitely a great idea to start implementing a mailing list !   I definitely think the album/tour model fits me a lot better, working on a whole body of work with a story and a concept behind it, something you don't get to do when only releasing a 3minute long single. I absolutely loved doing this and I'm so ready to do it again. Cant wait to be back in straya man, absolutely love it over there
Elmyx is definitely gonna get noticed by more and more DJs and go big, Bacon in dnb is also making incredible tunes.  Favorite off the ambient is definitely Epilogue, it haunts me and I can listen to it on repeat, something I rarely do with my own music
Working on getting this new album merch collection out online this week + a new collaboration with Banx later this year !
Outsource mastering !!! Do not spend hours trying to master a track and end up hating it and ruining the release for yourself because you just spent so much time obsessing over it on a microscopic detail and think of what could have been done better. Let a trusted and fresh set of ears decide. It will help you with getting closure on your work, as in, now that its mastered, I can't touch it again. At first I would trade masterings from friends for production lessons, digital work, tattoos, clothes etc, whatever I could trade. Now I just save up some money to pay a professional to do it for me and most will do it for fairly cheap!
Eptic and I were super good friends after meeting online in the early 2010's, and Skism noticed us both, he dm'ed me on Twitter asking for demos and thats how I started working with them full time back then. NSD was such an incredible and inspiring family with a real sense of belonging to a sound and a culture, I wish more labels took example on how picky they were !
Merci frérot !!  1. I left France in 2017, I visited LA to work on some records, got an apartment there and never left! 2. Tough choice, probably Skrillex and Malaa! 3. Current favorite is an oldie I rediscovered recently and its french of course, Poney Pt.1 by Vitalic, I still remember the day I heard it when I was young and the whole EP changed my life forever. Vitalic is the goat.
and happiest of belated birthdays to you!!!!
We try to have it at every stop of the tour whenever the logistics make it possible. Its such a headache but so happy to see people wearing the pieces I designed.
I swear I always thought it was intentional. Like you kinda make [H]ouse, but it’s kinda Abstract… so Habstrakt…
Really? That's a shame—I have a similar sounding last name and thought you might be a long-lost relative of mine lol
Been on repeat bruv!
I too am obsessed with that OuterSpace, killer track man! I quite literally just discovered you in the last couple weeks, whilst going down a rabbit hole of finding new music in iTunes. You’ve got a great sound! Very similar to my style.
Yea I asked you how much you smoked on Facebook years ago and you told me to quit. Good for you bro maybe I’ll quit now too. Been listening to you from the very beginning on Second to None and Chateau Bruyant. I’d love to hear some more dubstep someday. Peace!!
> then being ballsy enough (or at least pretending to be) to request a meeting and sharing my vision unconditionally with them and see what came back from it.   Hopefully not too personal of a question, but how did you describe your vision for the project at the time? How has it evolved since then? I’m always curious what aspects about an artist’s work I like are intentional and what aren’t
Awesome story! Thanks for the reply, congrats on the new album! gonna listen to it right now!
Damn I wish to see a b2b w/ JOYRIDE Merci le GOAT! Plein de love depuis Lyon, à bientôt en France
Man, I totally feel that! Especially with dubstep back in the day, you could see that people were really pushing boundaries and trying to explore something new with music. Now it's like people see the profit to be made from it and, as you said, churn releases as fast as they can.  Thanks for the response man! Means a lot to have spoken to you!
hahahah    Where can I send stuff in the future?    No piano I promise.   Don't want to trigger your symptoms lol
French Press EP was so beautiful, the contrast between the piano intro and then your signature hardcore sound, utter bliss. Only halfway through Heritage now but it's a beautiful mix. Albums are something I keep coming back to (eg Nero's Welcome Reality and Grum's albums) and I'm all for you keeping that album strategy going.  I can build you a website for free if you want, here's mine as a model: https://www.underratedenterprises.com.au/. Also you've inspired me as a creator immensely, I make sports highlight videos to my fave music like yours, here's some examples (I hope you don't mind potential copyright infringement!): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qltq359IEJQ and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wytSFEscPtg.
That’s super cool! Bummed I missed your show last night at Sound, definitely not missing the next one in the LA area. Cheers on the new album mate!
> I wish more labels took example on how picky they were !  Something that always stood out to me about NSD in particular was that basically every artist on the roster had their own unique, identifiable sound. I could (and still can) instantly recognise a Habstrakt song or an Eptic song or a Must Die! song or a 501 song, or whatever. That's something that's missing from most newer artists I hear nowadays - they sound like everyone else with a few minor differences.   A lot of NSD: Black Label stuff, or Disciple, or a lot of bass house labels, sound really samey compared to other stuff the label's putting out, to the point where you can't even guess which artist it is. I like a label having its own sound and culture, but it's important for individual artists to stand out, too.  The real issue is that artists end up in a "bubble" where they're only taking influence from other artists in their genre. The sound just becomes incestuous and derivative. The songs and albums that really stand out are the ones that take influences from further afield and fuse them together. Nero's _Welcome Reality_, for instance, very clearly has huge _Blade Runner_ influences, along with '80s pop and disco influences, along with the obvious ~2010/2011 dubstep influences, and it came out sounding very different from everything else at the time, and has stood the test of time much more than many releases from that period. Whereas riddim/bass house producer #172 taking influence from riddim/bass house producer #626 just results in the sound homogenising.
Ahhh so amazing :’) Poney Pt.1 will be added to the spring playlist in your honor. I’m the luckiest human and will see Vitalic at Positiv this August. Can’t wait to catch you again in France.  Merci chief !!!
Thanks! I cant wait for the SF show! I’m bringing 10 other homies to see you! Spreading the gospel of habby🫶🏻
I assumed he was Montreal Canadiens fan (called the Habs)
Michael Blabstrakt is that u
Honestly, looking back, I think on this call I mostly rambled about punk culture, tattooing myself in my bathtub, making videos in my underwear and seriously wanting to make a change in the scene by no longer giving a f\*ck about any standards the labels and industry in general wants us to abide to. They must have thought I was completely crazy, and maybe that's what was attractive to them. A vision is so hard to describe into words, it's mostly just a string of different artistic ideas and a finding a way to connect them all. My way to connect them was to just melt everything together without any restraints.
Hell yea, straight vibes. Appreciate the response
Alix Perez’s tunes are always deadly. His past few sets he recorded and posted are mental.
Great tune!!!
Also, if you need some good tunes, check out the Vision label, there’s some great stuff on there.
People have been calling it Midtempo. Popularized recently by current artists like Gesaffelstein, Rezz, 1788-L, Deathpact, LSDream, Lick, and Apashe
midtempo and neuro dnb
glitch, drum n bass, trap
Glitch ?  Reminds me The glitch mob - We can make the world stop And Fuck buttons - Surf Solar  But this style can be found pretty everywhere without groups only doing that style (or that sound).  Also Justice ?
Sounds like drum and bass trap
Was always wondering about the connection between Tritonal and colorize. This explains a lot! Love your music and what you guys have done!
Thank you guys for hanging out with us today!!   Really excited for this new project and creative possibilities it entails!    We'll loop back later and see if any more questions come up, but for now gonna bounce.   - Chad & Dave. <3
Missed this AMA..but obvious question: is it possible that the new album comes out this year? : )
I knew it! I've been obsessed with the PRAANA releases and have been stoked to see some live performances pop up around the world. I know you guys will be at the Drishti Beats Festival in Snowmass, and am curious how the yoga aspect will be incorporated and what to expect from y'all there?  Much love!!
Are there any Tritonal songs that when looking back, would’ve suited the PRAANA direction?
Welcome, PRAANA!    \* If you had to pick 3 songs by yourself as a way to introduce yourself, which 3 would you pick?   \* What about 3 songs by other artists?   \* Is there a song that you've made over the course of your career that you're most proud of?
Do you use any specific meditation techniques when listening to music and/or producing it? As a way to get in the flow with the music, eliminating all other distractions?
Lane 8 x PRAANA when??
What Tritonal song do you want to remix most as PRAANA? What PRAANA song needs a Tritonal remix?
Do you have book recommendations for folks wanting to learn more about mediation? And did you guys secretly sample Praana in Tritonal songs, some of those funky melodies sounded very familiar…  This is very exciting, I’m hyped for Praana and Tritonal!
Anything new with Julia Church in the works??
What inspired “Sedona?” It’s a beautiful track and I can’t imagine there isn’t a story behind it.
Will there ever be a dub released for the incredible "Kaleidescope" you guys did in 2019?
Thoughts on shoegaze?
<3 Thank you!
I missed the AMA but I just wanted to say you are hands down one of my favorite artists, I love everything you have been creating and my wife and I look forward to each release! Can’t wait for the new album!
Great question!   Its actually our first festival booking as PRAANA which is super exciting, so from that performance aspect we'll be working diligently on our set.  \\0/ In terms of other components, Ive been asked by the promoter and will be giving a keynote lecture on Sunday morning in the main tent about the nature of suffering, modalities of transcendence and raising conscious awareness, and really getting into my own story of addiction and how those tendencies (Vasanas) continue to be worked on to this day with spiritual practices (Sadhana).  Will likely spend a bit of time on the Yoga Sutras in this regard, as its got some absolutely incisive pointers into the nature of the Kleshas.  It'll be a first for me, so a bit nervous but will prepare the best I can!  -CC
Yeah, perhaps so. I think one that comes to mind particularly would be Lights over Austin
Hi!  &#x200B;  Sure thing.  For PRAANA tracks some of my favs at the minute are Nobody Else with Julia Church, Mojave which was the first track we ever released as PRAANA, and maybe Asylum!  Love the vibe of Landing Patterns  as well.  For introducing myself, well likely things you may not listen to a lot, ha!   I mostly listen to solfeggio meditation frequencies on the road and at home, Meditative Mind has a great playlist!   I love ambient chill out music as well, a track you may know that I love is Morning In Deira by Above & Beyond.  Quite suspect Paavo has his hands all over that chordal movement!  ha.  My favorite esoteric album is Music For Psychedelic Therapy by Jon Hopkins, he's also a fellow meditator and I love long form drone based music which can be used in accelerating introspection, meditation and Pratyahara!    &#x200B;  Song most proud of?   Man, so tuff.  I honestly dont know.   I do know that Im extremely proud of our PRAANA output so far, both in its musicality and its artistic direction.  Having a project so single pointed around its purpose allows for fluidity and flow to permeate every aspect of the creation process.    &#x200B;  Sending love!  \-CC
When listening to music for the sake of pure enjoyment, one needs only place ones attention firmly on the sound.   Sometimes closing off the windows of sensory perceptions such as visual or tactile can be of aid, but when ingesting music for music's sake - present moment awareness is crucial.   If one is listening to a piece of vibratory technology (music is a transmission of emotion) which has the capacity for healing, then  theres a natural charm in staying in "attunement" with the sound.   Now, music can also be an aid of accelerating 'Citta Vritti Nirodoha' which means to calm the turbulence of Mind.   This is especially true of Solfeggio Frequencies who's texture and timbre are in and of themselves meditative.    This isnt listening for the sake of entertainment, but for the sake of cultivating Inner Stillness.   When doing this, I prefer this order of operations - Asana, Pranayama, Japa, Meditation, Integration.  Not sure if that makes sense! ha -CC
ha!  Love Daniel, such a beautiful community and sound he's cultivating over at TNH!   Big shout out to Sultan and Shepard, they've been homies since the early EARLY Tritonal days and we're thrilled to see them flourishing from a place of total authenticity.
Im not sure PRAANA will be remixing Tritonal records, we have that brand established in its own space and place.   Whats more interesting for us creatively is having these two projects have their own life, in their own lane.   As such, its important to not overly cross pollinate.  -CC
Was really hoping for a Novo Amor song - really loving the vocals and feeling! -D
Hi there!   Love me some good books!  My primer reading list below!  We def don't sample records from each other, not yet anyway = never say never I guess!  Paramahansa Yogananda - Autobiography Of A Yogi 🧘🏽‍♂️[https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=356423146](https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=356423146)  Maharishi Mahesh Yogi - Science of Being, Art of Living  [https://books.apple.com/us/book/science-of-being-and-art-of-living/id472868994](https://books.apple.com/us/book/science-of-being-and-art-of-living/id472868994)  Eckhart Tolle - The Power of Now  [https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=315593697](https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=315593697)  Ram Dass : Becoming Nobody - [https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=1477110134](https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewAudiobook?id=1477110134)  Dr Edwin Bryant - The Yoga Sutras [Yoga Sutras](https://www.amazon.com/Yoga-Sutras-Patañjali-Translation-Commentary/dp/0865477361/ref=asc_df_0865477361/?tag=hyprod-20&linkCode=df0&hvadid=312736349443&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=11445833737795551754&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9028249&hvtargid=pla-449725797249&psc=1&tag=&ref=&adgrpid=63700707018&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvadid=312736349443&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=11445833737795551754&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9028249&hvtargid=pla-449725797249)
Hi there!   Yes we recently wrote two new songs with her in London, hoping we can get one or both on this new album we're writing for PRAANA! -CC
We were in a writing session in LA, with three other song writers and the discussion was about the existential pain and suffering that comes from constantly trying to find stabilized happiness in the exogenous / external world.   Ultimately, in the relative universe of forms EVERYTHING changes, constantly.  So even if you get the thing that you think absolutely allows you feel ecstatic bliss - its transient and temporary.  Furthermore every "high" has a low.   Stabilizing true fulfillment comes when we transcend the false identification with the body / mind complex and experience the absolute boundlessness of Spirit, which is our true nature.    &#x200B;  'Tada Drastuh Svarupe Avasthanam'  Then, the Seer abides in his own True Splendor - Pure Consciousness  &#x200B;  I was caving in   Searching for the source of it all   And a wave of wind   Swept away all my doubts   I was reaching for a meaning   From the wounds that needed healing   But I stepped into the unknown and I found home in the sandstone   Sedona   Cathedral in the moment   I'm open   Surrender my emotions   The earth is breathing and I'm kneeling   The earth is breathing and I'm believing
nah....prolly not bruvvs.
PRAANA Remode?
> Quite suspect Paavo has his hands all over that chordal movement!   [Correct!](https://youtu.be/O6ih4UW8444)
Jon Hopkins is the GOAT. Love this list!! Thanks for answering :)
How did you come up with the name PRAANA?
Thank you! I’ve been wanting to learn more about mediation but was overwhelmed on where to start. The messaging that you guys built up around Coalesce and Reverence and now Praana really inspired me, it’s very special and I’m so grateful. I have new music and audiobooks to listen to while I sew (which is my favorite way to go into that kind of flow state)!
ahhh its from Sanskrit!   Its the vibratory essence which permeates and sustains all life forms in the relative universe.   This concept is Chi in Zen, in Gnostic Mystical Christianity its sometimes referred to as the Holy Spirit and in Egyptian Metaphysics its Ka.
AAAAHHHHHHH This is the fabled 2nd Coming! So excited to see him healthy and BACK!   [the announcement video](https://youtu.be/5CeiTYKfxN0)
He’s Back!!!!!   Wish I could make it out to Denver for this!! Going to be a blast for everyone involved.
So about that next album…..
Happy he’s back and grooving again, was worried for them.
“Perhaps I’ll become a Pretty Light again” talk about goosebumps. DVS deserves it.
Remember hearing some unfortunate rumors about substance abuse and some mental health issues.  Here's hoping he's feeling happy and healthy again because the world is better off with his music!
The way people were talking about him in other threads made me think he *died* or something. So this post is like two bits of good news for me.
Wow I’m emotional today. This brought back a lot of fantastic memories
Love the highwaymen sample. Hope Derek’s doing well, I’m just glad to have him back. The world needed more pretty lights.
Oh my fucking god I am so excited lol
Saw him at Hard Summer 2016 & will never forget that first time he used the live band. SOOO SICK! Cant wait for this tour!!!
Damn Vincent Antone watch out!
Now we are talking!
The day is finally here 🤩
Glad to see the man back 🤘
Fuck yeah glad to hear it.
Was just thinking about him the other day - hopefully can make it out to one of these shows
Hallelujah!!!
Let’s goooo
About damn time 😩👌🏼✌🏼
Bro this is a Johnny Cash vocal that he sang acapella and threw it on a vocoder I nearly shat my pants  From the song highwayman verse Derek ripped starts at about 2:10
Everyone in the community heard rumors here and there but I'm not sure if anything has been confirmed. Dude went through some rough times after his break up, but still kept diligently touring with his live band.   The live "breaks", "flips" and improvisations they made during those years were some of the best music to come out of the project. After he went mia in 2018, everyone feared the worst.   For the last couple years, though, his friends and artists he has collaborated with have been posting random pictures of him in the studio, and he was snapped grabbing some vinyl with Michal Menert a month or two ago, so it seems he is in a good place, living healthy   He's already given us so much, I would have been happy just knowing he was in a good place in life again. If he keeps touring and drops a new album, then I totally agree, the world is much better off.
There seem to be a significant number of posters in this sub who assume an artist not releasing new material for 6 months means they literally got lost in the 7th dimension, and will never be seen again.
Oh hush. The dude dropped off the face of the earth for 5 years, cancelled several shows and an album. Plus there were tons of rumors he was struggling with addiction. Most fans who were clued in had accepted he probably was not coming back
Welcome, Martin!   \* If you had to pick 3 songs by yourself as a way to introduce yourself, which 3 would you pick?   \* What about 3 songs by other artists?   \* Is there a song that you've made over the course of your career that you're most proud of?
Hi Martin! I love your live performances and the fact that it‘s always so different. How do you manage to do it? Is it all improvised? And does it mean that you create new pieces during the performances?
One more question - do you see yourself playing in the clubs? Do you DJ sometimes?
Thanks for doing this Martin! Hello from Switzerland and see you in May. Can you tell more about your studio and live setups? Especially about the one that you use to create the electronic part of your music. Which gear it is?
Hello from Prague! And thanks for your music, we are waiting for you to come. Random question, but can you tell more about the place where you come from? We hear a lot about Berlin, but you‘re based in a small town? What inspires you about it?
I‘m not sure, my previous post might have disappeared, so here my question again - what would you recommend for young producers? And can you tell more about the gear which you use? Danke
I'll be checking back here from time to time over the next few days in case anyone else has a question. If not, feel free to follow me on my socials or come to a concert. In the meantime, enjoy yourselves! All the best!   *Martin*
Hey Martin, Me and my now girlfriend both studied at the Bauhaus University. We've been to your concert at the DNT and later when we moved to Hamburg we saw your concert in the Elbphilharmonie. Your music is just unique and inspiring and has accompanied me for a long time now. I'd love to know what you're thinking about your success and the reasons you became so popular so quickly.  Bonus question: what's your favorite place in Weimar?
Hi, Sry for beeing late but thanks for taking time for this! I was wondering - as your approache towards music seems to be quite intuitve. Do you practise any kind of meditation or how do you get in touch with that Intuition? On the other hand - how important is (or maybe was) formal training like taking music lessons for you? Looking forward to seeing you in Cologne!
Dear Jon, I must have been 11 years old when I first noticed the out-of-tune piano in our living room. Whenever I needed a secluded space for myself or just wanted to escape from the world, I would play it, mostly very repetitive, invented patterns, so the first piece I would show someone would be a solo piano piece. But even in that, you can already see the electronic approach: GOL: [https://youtu.be/kwFeuQwShF8](https://youtu.be/kwFeuQwShF8)
As such, I sit down, think about a key and then I start building. About 50% of my performances are new pieces, but very often I like to use elements of the original forms of the pieces and let them "react" with each other in a modular way . Have a look here : https://youtu.be/F8q\_rhydbTE
I "grew up musically", so to speak, in a large circle of DJs. Robag Wruhme, Ben Böhmer, Christian Löffler, Henrik Schwarz, Robert Krause and many more have already worked with me, mostly we've made reworks and remixes made with their perspective, so that the pieces are also constantly developing and negotiated from outside: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6\_YzMPsdHEI&list=OLAK5uy\_ny4ITHzgty3Ef5Buk2I9yGZbpaWNcVr\_w&index=2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_YzMPsdHEI&list=OLAK5uy_ny4ITHzgty3Ef5Buk2I9yGZbpaWNcVr_w&index=2)
Oh sorry, your question was not visible via desktop. Just found it now in the app. Hello to Switzerland. Making intuitive music requires technology that I have checked out to the deepest detail. Juno6, Prophet 10, Osmose, Korg MS2000 are my synths among many digital software equivalents. In addition, drum pads that are also directly and live loopable, so that everything comes from a single source. A Grand Piano fully miked, a Fender Rhodes Mark 1, Lopper and MPC and ready is my setup, for now laptop-free, but for producing just everything once connected. Strymon Nightsky, Eventide Space as FXs. If I no longer think about how what is wired we can start, for LUV for example I played about a 20min session and analog looped and the essence is this: https://youtu.be/yUmKG1o96oQ
Weimar is a smaller town in the middle of Germany, somewhere between the Thuringian forests. In contrast to Berlin, time runs slower here, thoughts can mature longer and you are morewith yourself. When you play a lot of concerts, I need a save space for myself, a home where I can land again and again between the hustle and bustle. Nature and people, especially the forest does not let me go here. Prague is also very beautiful!
Strange, some comments seems to be invisible: have a look here: my 5 tips for producers: https://electronicgroove.com/martin-kohlsted-shares-5-studio-tips/
Later, when I slowly knew what I was doing, more and more things were mixed in, first it was synthesizers, field recordings and smaller drones, which slowly uncovered a larger undertaking. I had to put an artificial, electronic structure over the organic piano and from this friction I still create the live energy today. So the next piece is a piece with orchestra, piano, choir and first electronic instruments. AMSOMB: [https://youtu.be/HcwZGP684Kg](https://youtu.be/HcwZGP684Kg)
This requires a very intuitive setup, where you know every device down to the deepest detail, because only then can you let your intuition run free and no longer have to think about anything while creating.
I rarely DJ myself just in small circles with friends. But I do concerts in clubs for sure.
See you at Palac Akropolis!
About the gear I answered earlier to @Logical-Industry9299 🌞
Live on stage, I started provoking my piano pieces with electronics early on. That always helped me to improvise. All pieces remain in my process and can be used differently and modularly at any time, like an argument in a discussion. That's why I would introduce DIA as my third song. From an ambient start, a multi-layered, electronic fortress rises up. All the pieces of Feld emerged from intuitive sessions: DIA: [https://youtu.be/FJ5bKZ05K8M](https://youtu.be/FJ5bKZ05K8M)
As for the 3 tracks by other artists: When there was the first internet in East Germany, in the deepest country somewhere in the forests of Thuringia, I was already a teenager and untitled files were saved on the computer by my bigger brother. I remember that until then I only knew Phil Collins and Celine Dion and then I double-clicked Sigur Rós - Flugufrelsarinn: [https://youtu.be/lfKFFeHjgTI](https://youtu.be/lfKFFeHjgTI) , later my first "own" music I liked was The Album Leaf - The Light: [https://youtu.be/dM6lFQysxtg](https://youtu.be/dM6lFQysxtg) What do I listen to today? A lot of different music, this morning I heard this track, I like it: Dimlite - Back To The Universe Pt. 1 [https://youtu.be/iyUanCIPHVo](https://youtu.be/iyUanCIPHVo)
Which track makes me particularly proud? My little three-letter buddies are truly like children to me, but I keep them all the same, depending on the mood of the day a certain title takes over the narrative structure, right now it's the departure I feel, not only the departure of my EU tour but rather a social one. That's why my piece MOD is quite cheekily digging its way in again and again and leading the way: MOD: [https://youtu.be/E1HLCdFI-Cs](https://youtu.be/E1HLCdFI-Cs)
that crowd looks so chill haha love it
Can't show me better than this fuckin loving it look at the vibes
You need to look up the homie, Smilk. Bush Progressive is giant in AUS. They know how to throw down over there. Check out Terrafractyl for some faster, funkier psy.
Very much. Any Idea of the DJ/track?
Psytrance was my gateway drug going from metal/rock to electronic in my teens. Think it was infected mushroom that I heard first. Not a big fan of the direction they ended up going in but I enjoyed them back in the day.  Psytrance still has its place for me but I have to be in the mood.
Back in 1999, I downloaded infected mushroom’s “the gathering” off Napster and loved it so much I went onto their old school Web 1.0 website and ordered a CD copy of it… little did I know at the time, they were just two Israeli dudes who were mailing their work from their house/studio… I got hand written package from them with a thank you note bc I was apparently the first person in the US to buy their album. Sadly I’m almost certain that note got thrown out when my parents cleared out my Highschool bedroom, but that shit was so amazing and had no idea they would become who they became, and how they would influence GOA and Psytrance
Instantly knew this was SA 😂 definitely could get down to this. Especially at the end there 🥵
This is exactly my vibe lol
What is this festival? Love the surroundings!
My favorite I saw psykovsky play for 18 hours straight at a burn in north Georgia it was mind melting
Yep, check out Rising Dust   https://spotify.link/b1wivs45Iyb
I want to know more about the stage/event.  What a setup!
💕 perfect for my group age, 40ish
I do definitely my style!
Me! Hell yes!
This is my 2am vibe. I just slitter around the crowed boogieing
Good vibes. I like that crunchy riser that starts coming out ~51 seconds.
Gosh I haven’t been on an outdoor event like that in years. Missing that feeling..
I have the Album the sample us taken from... "A Children's Garden of Grass"
My entry into listening to electronic music full time came from going to bush doofs in Tasmania when I was on a working holiday visa. First time I ever went to any form of rave, in my late 20's, and first time I had acid, it was so weird and fun! Don't really listen to much psytrance now but I totally respect it for showing me a different side to life!
What DJ is this and or song?
It’s pretty cool. Cool vibe
These are often the best crowds. Chill af
There was a lot of this type of stuff coming out of Germany/Belgium in the mid/late 90s. Check out Haujobb or Trentemoller.
Love it. Wish there was more of this in Canada
Haha, all the "what do you call this?" comments in here were confusing me.  Thought I was in /r/psytrance.  I basically never see this stuff here on /r/electronicmusic.  Neat!
Why does half the audience look like they came to run a 5k and ended up at a party instead? Like the property rented out to rave promoters Saturday and marathon promoters Sunday 😂
This is vibey as hell
Yeah i am 😃 So good!
It's great chillout/ study music!
Amazing!! Took me there literally.
This looks fun
Omg I love this
Depends on how much of the good ole drugs I’m on
What the fuck is this
Yes, yes I am into this.
Pretty much all Australian danceflooors. Zenon being the original label known for this (not their current releases though). Check out Tetrameth, Twisted Sibling, Eegor, Smilk, One Tasty Morsel, any artist from the Cairns region (hell, go to a party there- you'll LOVE it).
Yes this is dope!
This is my first time hearing about Bush Progressive.  Google doesn't help much; can anyone recommend stuff to check out?
How good is a bush doof
[Razed - EOTO](https://youtu.be/o8t2t9P7pcw)
Sick af where??
I’d like to be at this party riiiiight now
Sounds like elevator music on the elevator ride down to go to the club, when suddenly the drugs I thought were bunk all hit at once. Very groovy, I dig it.
Yeah, I’ve been into goa since the mid 90’s and followed the psy trance scene in SA for quite a few years. Still listen to Astrix, Skazi etc
I'm more of a techno person in general, but I definitely like some psy from time to time.
Totally not my thing and been around it for decades, but they're chill, they're vibing so all power to them.
Check out reactant on Soundcloud, keep it weird
You should check out our label Alpaka Musik, we have a lot of Australian psy-tech bush techno on our label.
Ain’t nothing wrong with this steez
Chat GPTrance
Hey guys I'm gonna need s little more X so I can get down wit it...
The iconic Australian Doof captured in it's most natural state.
Ozora vibes
Sounds cool 🤙
Where is this? I'm from South Africa, and there's a big scene for this music, and your setting looks quite South African (farm, clear skies etc)
Waiting for the Ferris Bueller drop “Ohhhh Yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhh”
Ofc man, this shit is dope
Peeps look entertained at least.  Not necessarily bouncing but there were a few head nods.  :-P
the intro is stupid but the track is actally quite good. if ur gonna be in this boring bpm this is how to do it lol
Don't do drugs instead blast Avalon
It’s the music Republicans in their 20s listen to
I neither love nor hate psytrance, but the parties and the people are the best!
Damn. This was interesting! Going to check out the genre.
I would LOVE this here in SoCal!
what fest is this omg
Is that Sean William Scott???
Reminds me of the Labrinth at shambhala
Where was this?
 Sounds a lot like Eat Static a band that started in the late 80’s I think.. I guess they may have started a style but it sounds just like copying tbf
Idk but they need to tape up their feet so they don’t get warts!
I’m really into psytrance. This specific flavor of psychedelic genre isn’t for me. I feel the same about goa
Reminds me of the good old days. Rolling to this on a nice day at a festival.
Daaaamn Nobody has an ID i guess?
Where their shoes?
I hate it.   But I cant really explain why. Something about the rhytims rubs me the wrong way
Some of my favorites in this genre are Tetrameth, gumnut, spacey koala, grouch, opia
Smilk is a fave. I'm really liking a lot of the stuff Rainbird has been putting out too. Hedflux isn't Aussie but has some really nice Aussie-ish vibese, his latest album isn't 4/4 but has great grooves. Bumble is releasing some pretty tight chill sounds these days too.
Terrafractyl... is fucking amazing. Im glad there are other people on here that know who that is.
Yeah dude! I'm already down under! Love me some grouch aswell!  Edit: down under based nz, Nelson I.e takaka
Speak of the devil, im seeing him at a bushdoof this easter weekend!  Ill defs be catching his show now that uve recommended it
This guy is psydewise, and I cannot find the track for the life of me , I think it's unreleased
The first producer that comes to mind is Grouch
psytrance has moved in so many directions and subgenres. Give it another look it's vastly different compared to Pop-psytrance ala infected mushroom. Check out zenon records for instance.
Was just going to comment that the first thing I heard in the OP was some Infected Mushroom influence. Weird and I probably wouldn't listen to this stuff, but I'm happy it exists.
You just described me
What a fantastic memory! That must have been an amazing experience  I heard converting vegetarians as an intro to infected mushroom when it was fairly new and fell in love. The song still gives me chills! This little festival has some great vibes, I'd love to go to something with this same atmosphere
Seriously!  Small Crowd, Big Vibes.  Probably a chill early afternoon set but looks amazing!
Origin festival SA 2022
Bonus points for the late afternoon slot
Yeah! Agreed.
Psydewise, unknown track sorry :(
The subgenre, or the psytrance in general?  Where are you located?  Unless I missed something, the scene in Quebec is still pretty healthy.  Before COVID, at least, there was still a few different monthlies and I think at least one weekly in Montreal, and then bigger parties here and there.  And Eclipse of course, and other random small but awesome festivals in Quebec.  I think things died down a fair bit in the GTA, though, unfortunately.
We will be having this genre at our festival Groove n Bass this summer in Quebec. Check it out. We have Grouch booked already
There are dozens of us! Dozens!
Yes fair point, most doofs I go to that play this type of music have about 50 captain Jack sparrows and priestesses
Very cool, ours is takaka probably the best we have gor these types of festivals
Well, the funky, squelchy, less-melodic progressive psytrance sound that emerged out of what you might call "bush prog" in Australia is what became Zenon Records.   Sensient, Tetrameth, and ShadowFX were the centre of that, and they're as good starting point as any.  One Tasty Morsel, Tristan Boyle on the more melodic side... it's been a while.  But there are dozens of artists pushing the sound.  The Zenon Recs compilation CD was called *Permutations*, and they've released a handful of them, that should be easy enough to find.  EDIT: I forgot [Grouch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq-eR_asZSo), as well.  Probably the overall breakout success of the bunch.
Defenately check out grouch.  But there are so many great  artists to name. Psiralife, gumnut etc.  Evil oil man is great and  an upcoming riser is Airi who has some wicked tracks. Check this classic out> https://youtu.be/r0Buir0cYkA
Kromagon also
Yeah, you guys are awesome , I already follow on soundcloud!
Hah!  Same.  I used to be into it in a big way; now I'm pretty indifferent.  Or at least, I've got a very high threshold for what actually gets me interested in it musically these days.  But, yeah, I still like the scene.  Chill hippies, man!  And especially at Quebec psy parties: trashy daydrunk chill hippies.  Much more relaxed, easy-going vibe than other EDM festivals, at least in my experience.  I have too many good memories to count.
Zenonesque
Origin fest SA
No, tbh I think it's just a dj tool he's created to warm up the crowd?
Great taste my friend! Tummy Talk is a techno project of Quanta/Akasha and worth check out if you haven't already! Happy to talk psy anytime
Hey!  Spacey Koala is a jam for sure (and a local for me).  One of the few modern psy artists that perked my ears up.  I think I stumbled into a full-tempo afternoon set of his at some smaller festival somewhere and was just like, "WTF is this doing playing at 2PM on a side stage?"  Good stuff.    I remember at another festival my buddy was DJing and had a set right after him; he knew him personally but had never heard his music before.  As he was about to go on, he was like, "well, fuck, what am I supposed to open with after that!?"  Ended up deciding on Terrafractyl, so, go figure.
Talking my language
Felix is a wizard. His Hypnagog project slams and his downtempo project Mental Extensions is fantastic as well. Cheers friend! I have been DJ'ing psytrance since 2014 and am always happy to talk psy. Let me know if you want suggestions for any spectrum. I mainly played techno, progressive, full-on, twilight, and a smidgen of forest on occasion.
I'd love to be on that giant island. The psy scene is amazing. America is good, but we don't have anything with the production of something like Rainbow Serpent. We have lots of underground community vibe gatherings. I love getting down with 150 people on land, but would love to experience psytrance with 15k people! I love talking psy so hit me up if you ever need suggestions or want to chat
Is he playing Origins of Entropy? Sadly missing that one this year.
[This is classic Smilk](https://rexette.bandcamp.com/album/shaman-elecktra). One of my favorite psy albums and he has only gotten better through the years. Enjoy! Never got the chance to see him state side. Let me know if you need more recommendations. I've been DJ'ing psytrance since 2014
Where abouts?
Nice one. I’ll check out one of his sets if he plays this style.
Interesting, I'm not really into psytrance but found something interesting at Zenon. I'm more into idm and minimal techno, only really familiar with Sphongle until now. Found 'minimal psy' on the Zenon website, will give Probe's record a spin today. Thanks for the rec!
A lot of sounds in the video are "tropes" of the genre of psy-trance if-you-will. It seems practically every artist in the genre uses the same samples in their own way.
And me lol! Fun to see this is a common thing. Think I was 16 going to my first IM/psytrance show with Neelix, Astrix and some more. Instantly hooked.
SA as in South Africa or South Australia?
Ah I’m in the GTA so not enough of any kind of psytrance here unfortunately.
Krogagon excellenty
That's awesome! Thanks for the support
Ya could be. I like it tho, guess i‘ll try and create something remotely similar after work
The album that changed my entire concept of musical language.   Eclipse - a journey of permanence and impermanence   https://www.youtube.com/live/aqSzYSTeFU8?feature=share  A DJ friend I worked with gave me a cd rip of this back in 98, I still have it. I was a grunge metal guy back then, being from Seattle area.
Thats my buddy (: he's great
Great story haha! Similar thing happened to me in takaka,nz .I love playing funky bush prog at unsuspecting gigs, it just blows people's minds and humbles the un educated run of the mill  dj.
Come to Esoteric if if ever make it down here. Rainbow isn’t what it used to be; ESO rules the roost now.
Anything you recommend from this line up?  https://facebook.com/events/s/filthy-animals-edition/747209090054019/
Filthy animals l, 4 hours drive north from brisbane, it's at dundurrah  Event is called filthy animals edition on facebook  Its my first ever bushdoof im foken keen as
That track is interesting because it's like more minimal compared to his normal type of style (dark psy) I recommend checking out anything on the zenon label I.e this https://youtu.be/qBzgTmPHAU8
>I'm more into idm and minimal techno  There's a whole world of minimal greatness waiting for you, from progressive/tech trance to techno flavored stuff in that genre. Couple completely different examples from 15+ years ago:  Ticon - We are the mammoth hunters [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baFht4XSlMc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baFht4XSlMc)  Spirallianz - Ghost Brigade [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4MPRYdBj4U](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4MPRYdBj4U)  Phony Orphants - Diving In The Desert [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TC7VN\_dRBY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TC7VN_dRBY)
Seems like South Africa, after a quick google search
Yeah, that's unfortunate, then, if things are totally dead there.  The scene used to be solid. I was traveling down for parties regularly till about ten years ago or so.  I think a bunch of the hardcore fans moved to Montreal.  Ottawa used to have a small but wicked tight scene and a great monthly party for years; those stopped around maybe 2016 or so. Ritual Nights @ Eri Cafe, woot!    I'd get your ear to the ground of the Montreal and QC scenes if you're looking for summer festivals.
Oh wow I am totally intrigued by this ,  do you have a soundcloud?
I sincerely appreciate you sharing this with me. I love hearing things that people are passionate about. It means a lot
Sick bruvva. Queensland’s got a crazy doof scene. Should be a great time.
Yeah, I follow the Zenon label as I like the “zenonesque” sound. This track seems a bit more chilled, which I really like.
I've added that to my playlist. Thanks for the share!
Thanks for the recs! Especially the Phony Orphants is really nice.
yeah, I looked it up and it looks like that is indeed the case. I was just unsure because the OP said in another comment that they are in Australia. maybe they were in South Africa during the festival last year
There are events here and there in Toronto but it’s not super frequent! Gotta check out the Montreal scene some time for sure!
I do but Nothing like this is on There. I‘ll send you a dm with the only psytrance i Made :)
I was confused as well. In addition the conversation in the background sounded australian to me, but when you only hear tidbits the two accents can sound very similar!
great tunes, dumpsterfire titles
Yup; at least it’s the same exact progression of chords
Underworld is definitely for you
The Crystal Method, Lunatic Calm, pretty much anything that is “big beat.”
 [boards of canada - music has the right to children](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/music-has-the-right-to-children)  [boards of canada - in a beautiful place out in the country](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/in-a-beautiful-place-out-in-the-country)  [boards of canada - geogaddi ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/geogaddi)  [boards of canada - the campfire headphase ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/the-campfire-headphase)  [boards of canada - trans canada highway ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/trans-canada-highway)  [boards of canada - tomorrows harvest ](https://boardsofcanada.bandcamp.com/album/tomorrows-harvest)  Go deep
[Leftfield](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=yst_-HXWIm0&list=OLAK5uy_lPtfKn2o3-TiA9ZRYW6woxWSQyCK7fGDU)
Saturday Teenage Kick by Junkie XL. Vegas by The Crystal Method.
I love all those suggestions and would add Royksopp
Overmono, Om Unit, Four Tet, Machinedrum, Oneohtrix Point Never, Luke Vibert, Orbital, The Future Sound of London, Massive Attack, Koreless, G Jones, Dj Shadow
Portishead.
Burial, Forest Swords, Tim Hecker, Lorn, Arca.
Simian Mobile Disco “Hustler” Orbital “Halcyon on and on” Audio Bullys “Snake” and “Real Life”
Faithless! Also make sure you back to the first few chemical brothers albums, “Surrender” and “in dust we trust”.
Four Tet… all of it
Atomic babies, meat beat manifesto, primal scream, orbital, future sound of london, basement jaxx.
If you want to explore a little looking through what Warp Records has released over the years is a good source
Max Cooper
Crystal Method, Pendulum, Koan Sound (maybe), Thievery Corporation, Flava D
[Skee Mask - Compro](https://iliantape.bandcamp.com/album/itlp04-compro)  [Agor - Koreless](https://koreless.bandcamp.com/album/agor)  You can check DJ-Kicks series, lots of solid electronic sets from djs around the world with a lot of styles.  [My Favorite](https://k7records.bandcamp.com/album/dj-kicks-theo-parrish)
Search YouTube for "skint records" or do it via discogs. See also Derrick Carter and Deadly Avenger.
Fatboy Slim is an obvious choice.
Adam Freeland, ILS, Layo & Bushwacka!, Fluke, Exile, Cause 4 Concern, Infected Mushroom pre-2012 to start
Massive Attack, Hooverphonic, Paul Oakenfold, Andy Hunter, the Run Lola Run soundtrack, Death In Vegas, Lionrock
Wipeout XL soundtrack!
Just a few artists I really like you might want to check out.  Neelix, Boris Brejcha, Apashe, Wilkinson, Astrix, of the trees, Clozee, Ac Slater, Sub focus, Paul Kalkbrenner, Mfjus, Chris Lorenzo, Mitis, Camo and Krooked, Griz, Metahesh, Skeler
Shpongle Fatboy slim Emancipator
Space 92 - Planet X
[http://music.ishkur.com/](http://music.ishkur.com/)  Heres a primer for you! :P
Juno Reactor, Infected Mushroom, Deadmau5, Black Sun Empire (maybe), The Crystal Method
Pretty Lights
I can't believe no one has mentioned Aphex Twin yet.
PRETTY LIGHTS THE AVALANCHES HANDSOMEBOY TECHNIQUE
I'll recommend A Guy Called Gerald and Joris Voorn
All sick artists! Daft punk is a classic and personal favorite. Also highly recommend Four tet
Some lesser known faves:  [https://wirefraud.bandcamp.com/album/guilt-is-not-a-feeling](https://wirefraud.bandcamp.com/album/guilt-is-not-a-feeling)  [https://lorn.bandcamp.com/track/entropyyy](https://lorn.bandcamp.com/track/entropyyy)
The campfire headphase is one of the best albums of all time
Hell. Yes.
Gonna be honest, this is only really similar to Floating Points. It's more of a Tycho/Aphex Twin/Four Tet vibe, and not really similar at all to The Prodigy/Chemical Brothers/Propellerheads due to the lack of energy. Good music for sure, but not positive it belongs in this conversation.
And if you like that try Casino vs Japan - Hitori + Kaiso, Milieu - Memory Maker
Yes all the Boards
Leftism is such a classic!
I came here to also suggest orbital.  Make sure it's the live version of halcyon+on+on from the end of the in sides record.  Otherwise you miss out on Bon Jovi 🙂
And his new alias
&#x200B;  no
Paul kaulkbrenner is class incarnate. Also very approachable.
Shared because he mentioned Floating Points, good catch
I agree. They are still incredible though
I'm also gonna suggest Timo Maas "Loud"
Yeah there is literally no logic in those recommendations at all, it’s just them wanting to tell people what they personally listen to.
Someone that is new to electronic music might like to hear a variety of different genres and artists so I just listed some of my favorites. What is wrong with that? I like a wide variety of styles and genres.
"No logic in those"   Electronic music = music made involving electronics/synthesizers/computers.   Of The Trees, AC Slater, and Griz make music on computers and synths.   Seems there is some logic there, unless you don't understand what logic means.   Wtf is even your last point?! Literally everyone in this comment section must have listened to these artists in order to recommend them so wtf, this is what we all personally listen to.
It just think it’s completely arbitrary within this particular context, that’s honestly all it is. They might well be open to trying all the different flavours of music that are under the ‘electronic music’ banner… it just wasn’t what they were asking for this time. Two out of the four examples they gave are definitive ‘big beat’ artists associated with the 90s… so I think suggesting things of that nature would make more sense over the DnB suggestions, for example. Perhaps some 90s techno, trip hop, or breakbeat suggestions would be in the right lane.   Don’t take it as me attacking you, if you do think I was that is, I was merely scratching my head as to why those suggestions would be given in response to this particular post.
Well, yeah, when you completely disregard nuance and context. OP gave examples of the kind of thing they were looking for.   Obviously the umbrella term ‘electronic music’ is accurate and covers it all… but it’s like you are denying just how radically different the various genres ‘electronic music’ can be on a sonic level. Let’s say someone new to ‘rock music’ was asking for recommendations and gave Led Zeppelin as an example of what they were looking for, you wouldn’t just suggest Coldplay saying ‘well it is all rock music, isn’t it?!’.  I genuinely don’t know what you mean with ‘WTF is even your last point?!’. It shouldn’t be hard to understand my point, the person gave suggestions that are irrelevant, for no other reason than ‘they like it’. You could (hypothetically) ask me for suggestions of ‘brutal death metal’ bands with a vocalist that has a similar sound to the vocalist in [band name]… and I would give you suggestions that match the criteria you asked about, regardless of whether they are bands I really like or actually can’t stand at all.
Fair enough. I just read the title and didn't pay enough attention to the rest of the post.
alwais good progressive house from Enhanced Music
[James Holden - Imagine This is a High Dimensional Space of All Possibilities](https://open.spotify.com/album/4c04wXoadgnqqrxeDUCnFP?si=ojVrWUHeQJqHJdMZ-A4OzA) (Album)  [Stwo - Prove EP](https://open.spotify.com/album/35aWdwTFrxyR7WmuvShMWP?si=oOreEDPTRW-KjJmS40LTbA)  [Leon Vynehall - Rosebud](https://open.spotify.com/album/3aqfqWl1xKE3z0qZCKyPyb?si=nFGR5IQgR-yKWwF1bfLIvw) (Single)  [Overmono - Good Lies (Single)](https://open.spotify.com/track/59GW6EKtdyaJ10t2yQdqrt?si=442acfa237f5496a)  [Fred Again, Skrillex, Four Tet - Baby again... (Single)](https://open.spotify.com/track/4zlbKky2yA657Sk5rekZoR?si=bda2fb2b53c348eb)  [Jasper Tygner - Real Time EP](https://open.spotify.com/album/4TKFUJgDQmeMoLguoUpOyW?si=kRhMIWDmRb6NLfKpDoUj7A)  [Lawrence Hart - Music For Dark Spaces EP](https://open.spotify.com/album/7DVmkL0riHAf0zcbEQaADo?si=sbg0R4WqQUWncSbeocDK1Q)  [Kepler North - Have Mercy On Me](https://open.spotify.com/track/7sVp43Usmx7X1Rav4Gf9ns?si=5a1aa1858e6c4cdb) (Shameless plug lol)
[Vril - Animist](https://vrilofficial.bandcamp.com/album/animist) Album. Vril is a maestro.  [Clark - Dismissive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wyjMNMzG6s) Single (to his album on May 23rd)
This is my new song.  https://soundcloud.com/pandy-official/moonlight
Your track was so, so dope, definitely made a new fan from me! I'll check those other releases too, thanks!
Agreed. Good shit 👏
Oh wow thanks so much!!
Thank you.  I really appreciate that!
Love this track. Really love Dominika as well
Yeah, Dominika is another banger that I've played on repeat for the last couple of days
I first heard of him when Radio Silence came out and used to play that out. Forgot about him. Was recently listening to a mix that had Trooper in it (older mix), then went diggin in his crates from the last 5 yrs. He’s solid
What is the song cola about
oooo and I had a second question, what was it like working with / collaborating with Lane 8?
Alex! You’re incredible. Discovered you during lockdown and your London Aquarium set. Every song is a banger. New album is 👌🏽🔥  Taking my mom and her boyfriend to your show this Friday at Emos. it’ll be her first time here and her first EDM show. Starting her out with the best.   How long did it take to choreograph and nail the dance in the “something about you” video? Seems simple enough but I want to try and get a group to do it at friends upcoming wedding.
What do you prefer playing: clubs or festivals?
Welcome, Elderbrook!   \* If you had to pick 3 songs by yourself as a way to introduce yourself, which 3 would you pick?   \* What about 3 songs by other artists?   \* Is there a song that you've made over the course of your career that you're most proud of?
Biggest influence ?
Can you give any hints for what to expect from your Coachella set?
Was the Ted Lasso character Zava created in your image?
Which stage are you playing at Coachella?
Yo! Your vocal processing is incredible. How do you get such a polished sound?  Love from Mexico City, great show last year.
How was it working with Odesza on the song Beautiful Morning? One of my favorites from you
1. What prompted you to start making music, and who do you feel most influenced you? Did it take you awhile to feel comfortable enough to release songs? 2. What has been your favorite part of journeying across America on tour? 3. How would you describe your sound? 4. Not a question, but your dancing and energy on stage is unmatched / one of the reasons I've seen you 4 times live now! Thank you for always going the extra mile!
Cool to see you still making music. Loved those hospital records travel videos of yours. Congrats on the new album!   What was your favorite movie soundtrack as a kid?
Not a question. I just wanted to say I enjoyed your set at Day Trip last year! Always enjoy the new music dropping!
Loved your show in Chicago a few weeks ago, what was the big difference you saw in working with different producers like Diplo, Martin Garrix, and Kx5?
Love Bird Song. What’s your favorite bird?
Any chance of you and Flume ever doing a collab together? :)
Hey Elderbrook! congrats on your new album release, if you could pick one track that you enjoyed the most writing what would it be?
Hey Elderbrook!!  Congrats on the new album, it’s amazing!  My question is: what is the last show you attended purely as a fan and did you have a good time?
Hey Elderbrook, thank you for taking the time to do this AMA and congrats on the new album, my question is - will you ever release the Hotel Room Sessions edits/covers on streaming? Because I am just addicted to the Fire and Never Gonna Forget HRS edits.
What's the best crowd you've ever played for?
Congrats on your new album! Huge fan of your work. If this question falls under “don’t give away your secrets” then that’s cool too but I’m curious about your process for getting such spacious yet crisp vocals
I sure hope you come back to Portland Oregon and play again.   My daughter and I loved your show!
Any favourite vsts/plugins/instruments maybe?
Did you like the vibe last Saturday in FL? Sarasota?
It's too early to be on Bourbon St
Is that you Zava?
While you’re in New Orleans do you want to come visit my Record Pressing Plant? Haha
 Will we  get lucky enough to see you with bob Moses on the same stage  @ Bonnaroo?
Are you planning to roam around the campgrounds or catch any shows at Bonnaroo?  If you’re able, what artists are you going to see?
There’s a place behind you with 4 for $25 t-shirts. Looks like the top half of the buttons in your shirt don’t work.
Random but I wanted to say one of my favorite songs of yours is one that's actually uncredited: [Kidnap - Skin](https://open.spotify.com/track/7khTUdNSSZmHYE8BoiNUns).  I get major chills everytime your voice comes on. How did that song come about?
I discovered your music during Covid on YouTube, first with your London aquarium performance and then quickly after with all of your music videos… I would love to know what the inspiration / creative process is behind your music videos, as some of them (“Something About You” in particular) are quite meaningful and symbolic - basically, how do you decide to tell stories through the visuals in your music videos?   Thank you so much, please never stop making music!!
I’ve been a huge fan for years. Songs like Sleepwalking, Bird Love and Innerlight I think are just brilliant. Loved your shows in Poland and can’t wait for your Euro tour this spring.  Anyway my question!   How do you have the energy to tour as much as you do?   Secondly, what city from your travels do you think is a real gem and worth visiting?  Lastly. What would say is the biggest change musically between little love album and Inner Light EP?
Hey man, I listened to you a lot during the start of Covid when I had a lot of free time. Definitely helped my mental during that time so thank you. I was wondering what your favorite song is right now (can be your own or another artist). Thanks again!
Could you please do a show in Portland Maine? It's a lot to ask, but we really could use the love here.
What’s your favorite airline and has any of them lost something important to you?
Hi hi! I LOVED your Orlando show, it was absolutely what I needed and more🫶 Your track, first time, what inspired it? Any chances of hearing it live?
What sort of music do you listen to for fun? Which of your songs is your favorite? Have you ever done any job besides creating music?
What program do you use?  I started with logic but got discouraged by the lack of YouTube tutorials when compared to ableton.   Can’t wait to see you at Coachella w2 btw
What are the top 3 vsts you'd recommend?
Yoo Elderbook!! Waduup! What’s it like to make electronic music?
If you were a soup, what kind of soup would you be?
The [Tiga Remix of Back to My Bed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpzWx1EFxVs) is one of my favorites. How do you feel about how Tiga was able to put his own flavor on thetrack?
Are there any plans to do another aquarium live set? We got one here in Vancouver if you are keen!
Your kids will be definitely proud of your musik.👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 You're my favorite artist since my abusive ex listened to your Closer.. but that's okay.  I can be grateful to him for that. You are still my absolute favorite. 🌶️🌶️🌶️I'm your fan from almost the beginning of your way. You are unique. Each song has its unique meaning, always on my playlist and looking forward to see you in Frankfurt (though the crowd is unfortunately sucks🤦🏻‍♀️)   And the question is why are you smoking and what brand of cigarettes? 😁
What was it like collaborating with Deadmau5?
Hey Alex i love your music and vocals would you be open to a collaboration with a somewhat unknown producer?
Favorite sound design /creative plugin?
Elderbrook! Walking by your set at Okeechobee in 2022 and discovering your music was the highlight of that festival for me, and I loved your Forest set last year! (super bummed I didn't get to see you at Firefly last fall 😭) What festival are you most looking forward to this year, and is there anywhere you'd love to play that you haven't had a chance to yet?  Thank you for the music you bring to the world, my dude!
How come everything you make is freaking awesome?  Big time crying on the dancefloor vibes, but I can’t get enough!
Hey Elderbrook! I’ll be at the White Oak Mysic Hall in Houston THIS THURSDAY for your set and I have two questions:  1) Will I be able to take photos with my DSLR Canon 5D camera?  2) Can I hope/expect to hear Bird Song? (Hoping for Numb and I’m a Fool along with other classics)
What was your inspiration for the new album?
I cant wait to see you at Coachella!!!  Can you give us a hint what time will you be playing on day 2?
What was it like opening for Odesza!?
Are you doing a set mix up with bob moses at roo?
Any plans in Vegas on your tour??
can you produce studio level music using ableton/plugins, or are you/any artist almost dependant on hardware to get a good authentic sound  &#x200B;  thanks
What was your first production setup like? Did you go all in or start slow adding little by little? Love your music btw & the unique sound you’ve carved out.
When are you coming to South-Africa ?
Saw you opening for Odesza in Boston back in September, no question just wanted to say you've put out some fantastic music, 'Inner Light' has pretty much been a daily listen since it came out and that music video is sick.
What helped you build up your brand & awareness the most once you were happy with the sound of your music?
Getting far cry 5 vibes from this picture
Can you please do the “bah buh bah dad buh bom bom” next time you play Cola? I was dying for it when I saw you at Dancefest and the armory!! Look forward to seeing you again this year 🙂
I saw you on your with ODESZA and loved you guys!!   Do you enjoy walking festivals before or after your set?
What was it like working with Bob Moses?
Have you ever had a cup of beans, man?
What were your main inspirations when making Little Love??
Do you ask other DJs for permission before you play their stuff? And do they return the favor? If not would you prefer they did?
When are you coming to San Diego? ☺️
Do you eat pizza
Fan since Old Friend! What are some of your dream collaborations?
dang, can't believe i missed this, i'm such a huge fan
Did you take any music theory lessons like singing lessons or learning an instrument?
What was the biggest challenge you had to overcome as an artist? By that, I mean like a challenge where, if you didn't over come it, then you wouldn't be where your at today.
I missed this AMA! I just wanted to tell you your show in Orlando last week was awesome, we loved it :)
Why are you standing like you think you’re Jesus?
i’m an edm producer with a little under 50k streams, i was wondering what platform you use to get your music out there? i hear distrokid is good
What is it about your best of times that makes you difficult to love?
Do you belive that you can make good music as a 14 year old, and will people take you and you're music serious?
pepsi
He's answered this before:   >I guess the story is about somebody that goes on a night out but has maybe enjoyed themselves a bit too much before they actually left the house and then cannot get in to any of the clubs,” Kotz explained.  >“They’re having an argument with the bouncer about basically being too under-the-influence to be allowed in the club. And then the bouncer kindly gets her a bottle of Coca-Cola to sober her up, but she thinks it’s Rum & Coke.”
I always thought It's about getting roofied
Very talented. Knows what he wants and what he wants is a great song!
There is a how to video online that I used! 😂 but thank youuu!!!!!! See ya at emos
There is a how to video online that I used! 😂 but thank youuu!!!!!! See ya at emos
I’m a festival boy!!!!!
Bird song talking  I’ll be around   Personal songs for me that would sum me up!   Probably most proud of talking x
The national
MY FACE
###**ZAVA ZAVA ZAVA**
SAHARA xoxo
Doubling the vocals has really just helped me smooth them out. That’s the trick for me. Doubling with precision!
They’re so talanted. So easy to worth with and incredibly nice guys x
Started making music cause it’s the only thing I knew I was good at. Releasing songs is an uncomfortable thing but if you just roll with it and take the punches it’s worth it in the end. Everyone has shit songs but if you keep on putting them out everyone forgets the shit ones when there’s a good one! 😅  Favourite part of America touring is days off in the sunny south
TARZAN !!!!!!!! Son of man hits differently
Day trip was 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Yes!!!!! Chicago was 🌶️ all different producers and styles. Worked with Garrix and k5 online but Diplo was in person writing together which was a little different for sure
Blue footed boobie x
Just Like Us I loved writing: was a challenge cause I definitely knew I wanted to do the “nonstop vocal” thing just just kept going round in a cyclical way. Makes it near impossible to play live but glad I did it!
I definitely want to! There will be some coming in the form of chill mix soon like for Howl and Talk it over etc
Every city brings a completely different energy BUT Warsaw in Poland goes particularly hard 🥊
Minimal processing and doubling with frightening consistency
DIVA!
Love Florida! Was so fun
Odesza!!
Kidnap and I had a day in the studio and we just came up with it very naturally ! Thank you 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Faverit song is “next thing you know” by Jordan Davis. Very different to me 😂
I’ll get there!!!
Portland, ME isn't a tour city I see for many artists - am I missing something or is there a reason for that? I visited ME for the first time back in 2019 and loved it.
I’m a British airways boy through and through. I’ve lost two iPads but that’s about it 😅
Oh mannn!!!!!! First time definitely inspired by flume. Wanted to make a flume song but ended up with first time. 😂
For fun. Country pop. Fave song From the new album “walk away” - only job before music was washing dishes for 3 years in a pub. Shout out to the jolly cricketers in seer green xoxoxo
Chee burger
i don't believe it.
Amazing, thank you! Would love to see a collab with you and Tinlicker in the future🙏
yeaaaaaaah buddy
Hell YEAH you are!!!
Cool to see this — huge fan of Talking. Everyone in my family knows the lyrics because I sing it around the house so much...
Wow, unexpected answer but love it!
Haha good enough for me, I’ll be there
This same Jesus pose between each song
AHHHHHHHH THANKS
Can we get a Reddit shout out during your set? :D
my guy. thank you! <3
Swear they were cooking on Tarzan and Hercules
Absolutely! 🔥 Hope to see you at EDC!
Super cool, thanks. Congrats on your album, it’s perfection. Also, how do I order it on vinyl in the US?
Solid choice
Ayyy represent 🇵🇱
Damn thanks will definitely check it out!  P.S. Thanks for the freaking great music. Orange crocs forever
❤️
Wow thank you for that suggestion. I grew up with a lot of country myself but hadn’t heard of Jordan Davis.  Where is that photo taken btw lol
Much appreciated! It will mean something special to some good people.
We don't get many artists up here. Lots of classic rock acts and older musicians. Skrillex came in 2014, the Glitch Mob a few times, and a few others over the years. Trying to get from Maine into Boston or NYC is a huge hassle. I've had to go as far as New Jersey before. It would be nice to have more artists come to perform so we could vibe like any other place.
What happened to the band you were in when you were younger?
Ending up with First Time was a major win in my book, thank you for the response🫶
Thisss
Omg yes please
PLZ
Thank you for getting back to me. It such a unique place, too. I know it's easier to get to Boston via bus routes (I've done before) but scheduling can be an issue and paying more for an overnight stay.  I wonder how more awareness could be generated - like are venue owners reaching out, marketing well, etc.
Idk. It would be nice to see. We could use the business as well as the entertainment.
I bought this sometime near its release, maybe 2004 if the price tag numerals reflect the year.I just unsealed it this morning and played it. It’s really good, and so far not as abstract and challenging as I thought, but I’m only on the B side so far.
Looking forward!
[It’s been two years since I started making these.](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic/comments/mixwyn/upcoming_albums_2021/) Here’s to another one!  * At the beginning of every month, I'm going to make a list of every upcoming albums/EPs that I know of **\[NO SINGLES\]**. * I'm going to try to cover as many electronic artists as I can. * I’ll also include “non-electronic” artists that I believe will pique this sub’s interest * I will be adding more releases over the course of the month. * The releases are separated by months. When I reach the character limit, the future months will be in the comments * I‘m perfectly fine with self-promos. As long as its an album/EP, I’m cool with it. Comment, DM, whatever works for you * If you want to keep up with upcoming releases from artists you follow, I recommend: *MusicHarbor* for ios, [*MusicButler*](https://www.musicbutler.io/) & [Friend’s Tapes](https://friendstapes.com/) * I have an [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/emreleaseradar/) if you want to stay up to date over there * For DnBHeads, [there are weekly posts of new releases every Monday](https://www.reddit.com/r/DnB/comments/12aguer/huge_week_for_new_tunes_fresh_hyroglifics_keeno/) by TELMxWILSON, lefuniname & jandogearmy via r/DnB  Some discussion questions  1. What are you most excited for? 2. Any releases caught you by surprise? 3. Are there any albums (big release, obscure, under ground, etc.) that flew under the radar?
This is fantastic, thank you for putting all of this together!
# THE ORB!?  Fuck yeah!
I’m most excited for “The Orb” album this month! U-Ziq being close behind in a few days as well.
Amon Tobin will release a compilation of previously subscriber exclusive tracks from the first two years of his label, Nomark Records, on 28 April. A vinyl edition will follow.  [Nomark Selects, V.1 on Bandcamp](https://music.amontobin.com/album/nomark-selects-v-1)
Cool to see SBTRKT on there for next month
Aden Foyer (Jonas Aden new alias) announced “The Ballet Girl EP” coming out this year
@ /u/EMReleaseRadar   the new Chemical Brothers album releases Oct 27, according to a pre-order email. No title yet.
u-ziq is on a hell of a roll lately
Hyped for the new Tim Hecker record, I get to see him perform next month!! If the new Clark album is good I might have to go see him too, it's in another city.  I didn't hear about that Amon Tobin compilation, will be good to get some new(possibly old?) Cujo tracks!
CHEMBROS ARE DROPPING IN OCTOBER!? LETS GOOOOOOOO
Seeing Rustie on here making me tear up 🥹🥹
dont miss on new Kratos Himself - Patchwork and Grandbrothers - Late Reflections tomorrow     and also 04/14 Frameworks - Reflections
also dont forget new Nathan Fake album tomorrow!!!
there will be a new CloZee album in summer
xilent has teased a new project hidden on his website (highlight the bottom of the page) https://www.xilent.com/
Thanks For Putting this list together!
the burr oak album is coming 28.04. and is called "Somewhere We Belong" (on Eatbrain, ofc haha)
Burr Oak album soon
u/feastandexist, u/PsychedelicSunset420, u/adirtybubble Can the post be pinned please? 🙏
Excited for this month ;)
Same!  March was awesome and April is looking very promising
new underworld _and_ the chemical brothers in 2023?
Hyped for Underworld live!
Love it. Much more 'second toughest in the infants' vibe to this
I recently revisited [Juanita 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTM15wqVDFE). Still amazing. Really looking forward to a new Underworld album.
+Orbital & Everything But The Girl
Thought about the same
+Clark & U-Ziq
Found on this playlist: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6jtGvx9GBTlt90y8eOPDAk
Lots of incredible tracks on that list!!
I dunno that track, but from the description, you'd probably really enjoy Plaid.
Its not polyriddim is it? Or a vip of it or something?
hey, if you get time check me out :)  &#x200B;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMP1iesQPX0&ab\_channel=VillainousNature
Can imagine, shaking to that in the club. Cool song, cool video.
San Francisco Bay Area, I should have said.  Specifically Berkeleyish
Getting back to the roots!
that rap, yikes.
He's not a rapper, he's goofy and that part since it's improvised isn't meant to be taken seriously.
it was less about how bad his rapping is and more about the gross things he was saying into a microphone in a public park.
I'd rather hear him say "gross" things in a free show than see drug deals and many of the other unsavory things you'd often see in a NY park. But that's me
why be trashy at all when you don't have to be?
No, you.
I'm kinda sad and embarrassed about not knowing Sakamoto's works better. He helped inspire so many with these groundbreaking sounds.
Yikes.  He looks really pissed.
Holy shit I teared up hearing of his passing. His playing was so beautiful, haunting even. His music left a profound impact on me, and I will never forget the first time hearing his music. Rest in peace to the greatest.
One of the most beautiful piano pieces out there. Such a devastating loss, Mr. Sakamoto left one hell of a legacy.
This is the song that I always put on in the car when taking my dog to the vet. We also listened to it in his final moment at home. RIP Gonzo and RIP Ryuichi :(
Beautiful beyond’s words.
THAT is a rainy day \*sigh\*
Don’t fret! Take solace in the fact that the man lead such an incredible life, and that energy never dies. It only changes shape. There is no “end” or “beginning”. Only separate points on an eternal, non-linear Circle.
Thanks for sharing. Glad you found her. I recently did as well. Still figuring out how much I like her, but I love this mix below.   https://youtu.be/sJsBd8U73YE
All her albums have thier nuances. Her main label pbitch control has lots of amazing similar acts too.  I have many favourite mixes, but this one made during lockdown still gets me everything  [Ellen @ home for bestport](https://www.youtube.com/live/l4RRPRsboOo?feature=share)  Also her new label, UFO has gone back to the harder stuff.
So far SooL and Stadtkind are my favourites. I much prefer the style to the heavier techno albums.
What a tragic news but also what a career. Oscar winner, legend of electronic music both as core member of YMO and solo artist, renowned ambient composer and classical pianist as well.   If you are not familiar with his body of work here are some good starting points:  [Riot in Lagos (1980)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPuBOYsl--M)  [Yellow Magic Orchestra - Rydeen (1979)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yxep-gS-Btg)  [Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence (1983)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGs_vGt0MY8)
A great loss.  His soundtrack to ‘The Revenant’ was amazing, and the greatest bits of the incidental music never appeared on the CD; you need to watch the film to get those…
Powerful legacy.
very sad. so soon after we lost his bandmade Takahashi Yukihiro in January.  I'll be firing up a YMO laserdisc today in tribute
This movie has been made after his first cancer diagnosis, it gives a glimpse of the great human and artists he was: [Ryuichi Sakamoto: Coda Trailer ](https://youtu.be/Fl-pKw5n0mI)
This is heartbreaking. Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence remains one of best soundtrack compositions of all time.
Do do do dot de do dot dot🎶
A true genius, safe travels
What a sad day for us. Rest in peace Sakamoto Sensei. Thank you for all the work you’ve left behind.
Fuck. I’ll need to fire up Pacific and all the YMO I’ve got. 😞
A remix of 'Anger'. I played this constantly as a teenager. Found it on Ninja Tunes 'Funkungfusion'. Big fan ever since.  https://youtu.be/myIgPPYiTYE
MAY in the Backyard: https://youtu.be/SMuuWwTMq58
A god strode among us.
No! The Professor!!
Wow. Putting on Rain immediately. Rest In Peace Legend.
Sad news.. Great musician he was.
I hope in the next life you come back as an ocean wave. Thanks for all the beautiful music.
Heartbreaking.
Nooo! RIP Ryuichi
RIP, such an influential artist.  And a great arranger too  I’m obsessed with this track he made with Taeko Onuki https://youtu.be/HXeAQKv78ts
The word "genius" gets thrown around a lot, but there’s no other option to describe him. Immense artist.
Rest in Peace 🕊🕊🕊
He was such an incredible talent. I can't believe it, actually. Damn. Rest in peace.
Immense loss :(
No! Way too early, the Revenant was just amazing. So much more music to come.
Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence was soo good. I heard remixes of Watergates, Heart of Asia in the 2000s and always loved it.  When I heard Djs drop it a few years ago, I found the name of the original song, and that's when I found Ryuichis original piano piece and have loved the song and him since.  I was thrilled when my all time fav (Dj Babyboi / ALON) came out with a new style breakbeat version of the song, mixed with another classic (I see right through to you - dj encore)  [I see heart of Asia- Dj Babyboi](https://youtu.be/p4BlIyV4zeQ)
Aw shit.  RIP Sakamoto.
It’s very sad, but he was very sick and fighting cancer the past few years. A true innovative genius has left us. “Art is long: Life is short.”
Thank you for this. Instantly recognized his name from merry Christmas mr lawrence.
He was incredible. I was listening to [Thousand Knives ](https://youtu.be/dV8wdoQKKvM) yesterday. Creating that sound in 1978 blew my mind.  B-2 Unit might be one of the most pioneering electronic albums ever made.  Love his film scores and piano pieces, particularly  [Amore](https://youtu.be/ygvK1N8obUU)  [Opus](https://youtu.be/B2LkV2PgRbk)  [Bibo No Aozora](https://youtu.be/OX-Oct2Dt1Q)
I have Forbidden Colours on my “walking” playlist,such a powerful emotive song.Will probably tear up if it comes on this morning while I am walking.He will be sadly missed.
watched this last night. beautiful.
Haha, me too. That's wild someone discovered him that way too, at the same age roughly as well
"Amore" is a classic.
Good morning, I seek to identify this track of the year 2003? You know some, thanks.
Amazing tune,doubt it will see the light of day.
This one and their seclusion fusion mix were some of the best of Lockdown. Excited to see them live this summer!!
Infrasound?
Sonic Bloom!!! Although Infrasound always has a killer lineup! When is that supposed to drop?
They never do until about a month before. Always killer bass dj's/bands though.
I think you’ll like grum
No Mana and EDDIE makes some songs in this style that are great. But tbh barely anyone makes this type of music anywhere unfortunately. It’s one of my favorite periods in electronic music.
Check out   Yotto  The M Machine  Digitalism  Joris Voorn  Jeremy Olander   Fehrplay  Early Above&Beyond stuff
Can't say how comparable he is but Kolsch is good.
What's Temporal Fusion doing these days?
Started listening to them after seeing this and they’re fire.
totally awesome
I really love and respect the guys and community for doing this from and old 1st gen DnB lover in their late 40s.
YES YES YES
Amazing. I love this shit hoss.
Went to the 1 round cambridge is it the same dj
I've been watching all these sets of Dom on his bike. Absolutely love them ♥️
Does anyone know the song at 41 min?
Where my love for bikes and music meet.
Belgian + Bicycle + Music = Wout Van …ART
Son: Dad, why is my sister's name Rose?   Dad: Because your mother loves roses.   Son: Thanks, Dad.   Dad: No problem, Drum & Bass On The Bike - BELGIUM
This is a sick idea! Love me some DNB
I remember when this guy was just driving around alone when he started
Sounds a bit like an Imanu tune, but I don’t think it is. Shazam didn’t pick it up.
Bike Rave!
SOPHIE - Bipp
The Beginning - Magdalena Bay; Remind Me - Röyksopp; Rather Be - Clean Bandit; Clearest Blue - Chvrches; Get your wish - Porter Robinson;  Beachin - piri & tommy villiers
Swardy - Here on My Own
[Bronze](https://youtu.be/1F-uco8ezHA) - Thy Slaughter  [Slow Down](https://youtu.be/ORTHYde4ZWA) - EMBRZ  [Little Secrets](https://youtu.be/ScC_pi3PJ9k) - Passion Pit  [Love Potion](https://youtu.be/hUDDU7Gh2b4) - Shawn Wasabi  [Alone](https://youtu.be/ALZHF5UqnU4) - Marshmello
Beautiful - AG Cook
What about Jake Kaiser-Anna ?
Pretty much anything by Snail’s House like Gemini or Grape Soda. Giraffage too like Tell Me and Be With You.
Daft Punk - Something About Us
Try Reol or Yunomi
Basically the whole Mangotale album from Shawn Wasabi
Petal Supply - Make It Real  QT - Hey QT  Hannah Diamond - Every Night
Judging by the comments I’m going to need a link to this playlist
Oo and the gryffin remix of clearest blue
Well I listed the songs I have so far, so maybe they could give you a feel of what I mean by “cute”
No I mean for enjoyment purposes :)
Was the electronic music scene not pretty much always very LGBT+ inclusive?  Edit - fixed drunk typos
hell yes more Wreckno please
Stream 'Stomper' \[Deadbeats\]: https://deadbeats.lnk.to/Stomper1
If you go back to chicago/Detroit it started out as a safe space. Probably less inclusive today than it was originally with all the mainstream party culture overlap though
Goes off, Shut Up is nice too
It sounds like a motor engine imitating a guitar. In other words, it’s fucking awesome  Shut Up is also a banger. It wouldn’t be a Mat Zo record without a French House inspired tune
This man never ceases to come up with creative new styles of music
This ep is a great example of what to expect from one of his shows.
Seeing him tonight in Houston, this is gonna KILLLLL
I’ll stan Mat Zo till the day I die. I love how versatile he is with his tracks, and I definitely agree that he is severely under discussed. What a wonderful producer.
Not sure who this fella is but he took that whole starting bassline (the main theme of the song) from a Meshuggah song called Bleed. Totally different genres and sounds so I suspect no one would notice. Check it out tho, fuckin heavy.
Mat Zo is so criminally underrated
Oh god that rise is like straight out of Aphex Twin's Come To Daddy.
Is the beginning not the drum beat for hot for teacher?
This is a bit too close to just being a Meshuggah Remix of Bleed.
Not my favourite Mat Zo tune by any stretch but incredible production quality and cool idea. Prefer the B side 'shut up' but not too keen on what feels like a move away from trancier/flashier stuff, definitely moving towards a more underground sound ad looking forward to seeing what he comes up with in the future.
Mat Zo at Beyond was 10/10
Saw him live in Detroit last weekend, this shit slapped in person.
It’s a sample from Bleed by Meshuggah. One of the heaviest, most mind blowing bands around.  Check it out.
His shows are some of the most fun I've ever been to.
The song *is* called "Les Mishegas" - so he's not exactly hiding it :P
How was it mate? This song nearly started a pit in Denver a couple weeks back
Enjoy!!
Right there with you. He can make anything he wants to and be the best at it pretty much immediately.
It’s literally what it is, look at the title of the  track he’s not trying to hide it. He was tweeting about getting sample clearance a few weeks ago.
He's definitely not underrated. Under discussed, or under the radar, sure, but in no way underrated
Hit up one after his Ruffneck Bad Boy release in 2014 and it was dope as hell.
Looking forward to seeing him at the Gorge in a few months
I get that.
true! Under discussed for sure
Thom Yorke's solo stuff.  Arcadia by Apparat (and his stuff in general)  That's off the top of my head.
It's just called video game music (VGM), video game soundtrack (OST), etc. Generally you would call it chiptune if the game music is old enough due to limitations, this was Playstation 1, so it was 16-bit and had more capabilities than previous generations.  8-bit is stuff like Commodore 64, NES, Gameboy. Typically only 4 channels simultaneous max, single voice sine, triangle, square, saw waves and white noise.  16-bit era was stuff like SNES, Genesis, etc. It supported 8 tracks simultaneous, and supported audio sampling (although downsampled and bitcrushed to save file size).
Back when this style of music was new, most of the people I knew called it "futurist" or "futurism".  Today, I, personally, would call it [chiptune](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiptune)
No idea, but the start of it sounds very similar to Van Halen's 'Jump'.   https://youtu.be/SwYN7mTi6HM
Isn't that an example of vaperwave or synthwave. That 80s sound that accompanied bad anime or cartoons from the same period?
im not sure i understand your question. This is clearly an OST from a video game . Are you asking what synthesizers they  used to actually create the music ?
Thank you! I didn't know about those technical details!
This brings up a question: Would Amiga video game music be considered "32-bit stuff"? The Amiga was a 32-bit machine (well, sort of; the MC68000 was a 16/32 bit hybrid), and its music was very distinctive due to its support for 4-channel PCM audio.
Thank you!
isn't chiptune more like NES sounds. Like percussion being predominantly white noise like and synth being made of tiny fragments of signals (to save space) that sound like they are heavily bitcrushed?
this isnt chip  tune because its not using any "chips" to create it . This was playstation .. so the music was created like any other music was created bounced to an mp3 or .wav and placed on a disc .
Thank you!
Vaporwave....my bad. And my bad with partial knowledge too.... Link. Wikipedia:Vaporwave is a microgenre of electronic music, visual art style, and Internet meme that emerged in the early 2010s. It is defined partly by its slowed-down, chopped and screwed samples of smooth jazz, elevator, R&B, and lounge music from the 1980s and 1990s. The surrounding subculture is sometimes associated with an ambiguous or satirical take on consumer capitalism and pop culture, and tends to be characterized by a nostalgic or surrealist engagement with the popular entertainment, technology and advertising of previous decades. Visually, it incorporates early Internet imagery, late 1990s web design, glitch art, anime, 3D-rendered objects, and cyberpunk tropes in its cover artwork and music videos.
Yes
No problem, if you like the sound and feel of the 16-bit era, you might like the music of OSTs like [Donkey Kong Country 1+2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lndBgOrTWxo), [Castlevania: Symphony of the Night](https://youtu.be/0Ghd3tvsNAs?t=413), and some hidden gems like [Lufia II](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wWHZE14hP8), [ActRaiser](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB9Pym-sdbs). You got some funkier stuff from games like Street Fighter II and past Sonic games as well.  I personally think David Wise's work on the Donkey Kong Country series is peak 16-bit music. He sampled some of his own hardware synths like the Korg Wavestation into bitesize chopped audio files that he could then use in tracker software. The SNES hits that sweet spot for me of hard limitations but rich sound.
Not 100% sure, but think it may still be 16-bit.  Playstation for example was 32-bit graphics and 16-bit audio. Graphics and audio are separate chipsets.
SNES and Genesis and other consoles that supported audio sampling still used tracker software and had limitations on the audio chipsets. It's just 8-bit is what you're talking about, and 16-bit was the following generation of consoles.  By the time you get to stuff like Playstation 2, Gamecube, Xbox, you more or less can support just dragging full CD quality albums onto the game's disc space, so beyond that point isn't chiptune anymore.
As someone who has been producing specifically electronic music for 20+ years to me it sounds like some kind of era specific workstation keyboard. Like a korg triton or something similar .Probably sample rom based.  What ever it is,  it has "real" instrument samples  like the drum kits and bass sound  but also synthesizer sounds as well like the lead . I cant be sure, but that's what it sounds like to me . As far as the lead sound itself it just sounds like some kind of 2 OSC Saw lead kind of thing , not anything really  special or difficult to recreate.
I love the sound of it!
So do I just look up that synth to find songs that sound like this?
Ok, since you just told me the technical details, what genre of synth would you describe this as so I can specifically find this synthesizer? Because I like the sound of it. You said you're an expert so you should know. Does that clear any confusion?
If interested, I put together a playlist of [Chiptune and Indie Game Music](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/57aOBK2jSaSfvtrIP9vGk4?si=c7f390814b6f4994), between 4-5 hours of music, arranged by key of song so songs transition smooth. Unfortunately, a lot of the best video game music isn't here because Nintendo and some other companies don't allow their music to cross onto platforms like this, but there's a vibrant chiptune scene out there of people who do this type of music in the current day, and it's pretty common for pixel art style indie games as well.  Feel free to skim around it and hopefully you discover some great stuff. Some of the leading composers today in this style are Lena Raine (Celeste), Disasterpeace (Fez, Hyper Light Drifter), Jake Kaufman (Shovel Knight, Shantae), Toby Fox (Undertale, Deltarune), etc.
im confused again ... are you trolling ?
The question you are asking is so simplified and broad that there isnt a direct answer to it . The type of music would be VGM or Video game OST. So ... that is the "style" .  There are many synthesizers and VST softsynths that could make sounds similar to the ones in the video but that would take me explaining to you the entire process of producing music .lol There isnt really anything inherently special about the sounds used in this song from any other type of synth based music .
Thank you, I'll listen to it!
No I'm not. What kind of genre of synth would you describe this as?
To me there was.
Chiptune is more a sound palette and style than anything. You can have chiptune rock. Chiptune techno. Chiptune dubstep. Chiptune hip hop. Chiptune reggae. Chiptune ballads. It's a lot of fun to explore.
what you like about this probably  has more to do with composing , you can make any of these sounds with just about any synthesizer if you know how to program it . go grab a free 2 OSC synth VST and just screw around with the saw tooth wav form lol.
Ok thanks! I haven't composed music before.
here , download this and screw around with saw wav's on both oscillators in higher octaves and you will be like 70% of the way there .  [https://bedroomproducersblog.com/2013/04/09/tyrell-n6-v3/](https://bedroomproducersblog.com/2013/04/09/tyrell-n6-v3/)
you can get 95% of the way there by tweaking knobs.
The legend returns!  Stoked to give it a full listen.  Really enjoyed some of the singles he dropped.  Some amazing textural sound design and hypnotic composition throughout!
Captain James Holden of the Rocinante?
