Take your time, do not rush stuff.  The msq (main story quests) can have a lot of cutscenes, even 10 hour sequences of almost only cutscenes. Do not force yourself if you get a bit overwhelmed, go lvl a different job, run some dungeons etc if the cutscenes are a bit too much.  You do not need xp from side quests(yellow), so do them if you want to, but do not feel like you have to do every single one of them (some might be interesting/funny)
While others could give gameplay tips on best to play Arcanist or level or make gil and save it early on. I want to give you the biggest tip I wish someone had told me as I had come from WoW.  Talk to people. That's it.  Whether you see someone wearing a nice outfit and you message to say you like it or you see some people playing music (a job called Bard can play instruments) and you message to say it sounds good or you simply just cheer them on.  Even goes as far as asking people to slow down in a dungeon as you want to go slower and they going too fast or it is your 1st time and unsure of special mechanics in the dungeon, simply just ask. Interacting with others has been some of the most fun I have had with the game.  Also, don't worry about skipping cutscenes at all. People will wait for you and if they don't then they should have some more respect and I apologise personally for them.  If you on the EU Light DC then I wouldn't mind playing with ya sometime. Enjoy the game new Warrior of Light.
Omg thank you! Definitely helpful… I already have like 4 side quests on my screen
Aww thank you so much for this! I truly appreciate you taking the time to share some insight! I was wondering why I was hearing some more modern songs in that plaza with the giant crystal. I will def try to speak with people, it’s a little difficult on the PS but I’ll get the hang of it. I’m in a NA DC unfortunately :(
Maybe try going toan Inn in any major city. When there interact with "The Unending Journey". Its a little table with a book or something.  When you do this you can see all the major cutscenes of stories. doesnt tell everything u wanna know bit its pretty handy.
Hmm, I really didn't think of that one, may be a bit hard to find the correct cutscenes though, but I will try
Use TBN on cooldown. Try popping 1 or 2 mit with every pull. If you're already doing that, maybe there's a hotbar set-up to make things easier. Also, aoes; the enemy can't hurt you if they're dead.
What part do you struggle with?   Staying alive?  Holding enmity?
1) Make sure your gear is suitable.  2) Chain your mitigations, don't stack them.  3) Always use your AoE skill when facing multiple mobs. Don't round-robin your single-target skills.
Staying alive
Use sprint to pull, ideally before engaging the first pack.  Aoe once +  flood of darkness to hold enmity then immediately take off to the next pack. Sticking around and taking hits is going to make the initial pull very deadly. Get good at moving quickly to the next pull so you dont lose half your health before you get the 2nd pack.  Upon engaging the second pack, the first pack should be just about to catch up, just before the 1st pack gets there use a big mitigation (either shadow wall or rampart) after using the big mit, pop TBN and from this point on you will TBN on cooldown. Save mp for TBN, do not just spam floods. Do your 1+2 aoe combo, use quietus, and spend extra mp on floods to avoid capping, otherwise use TBN on cooldown. As your big mit wears off, pop Oblation + Reprisal to maintain a ~20% reduction for another 10 seconds.   This provides 24-30 seconds of coverage on every pull (unless your dps is high and the pulls are a short distance you may not have a minute to regen reprisal and oblation) first pull do shadow wall, second pull do rampart.  Sit on abyssal drain until your hp is low(50% or so) it is not worth using for dps unless your survivability is not an issue, so use it to help heal yourself. If you notice your healer struggling to keep you alive, as your big early mit wears off, be ready to transition to Living Dead if you suspect death is a possibility. If the pull is dying slowly and you need more mit, work in Arm's Length, your 2nd oblation, and always consider liberal use of low blow(5s stun) as extra mitigation.   If magic damage is present in any capacity during a trash pull, add dark mind in regularly after your initial big mit. Same with dark missionary. A 10% aoe magic reduction is nice for bosses, but ultimately most healers will overheal more than 10% of your DPS's hp. So dont bother saving it, if magic damage is present use it on trash. It will be up at least once for most bosses anyway.  Also, bad advice(according to most people) but consider having a few hundred HP pots available to you. These are gigantic heals, with the release of hyper-potions for higher level stuff, an 11k heal is a big deal and can easily save you from death.  After that, just optimize your dps. Higher aoe dps = shorter aoe pulls = less damage for you. Always make sure you are spending mp on floods you dont overcap, while saving enough for your next tbn. Use Tbn procs on floods before your next tbn. And make sure your GCD is always rolling. There should never be an instant where you dont have your aoe firing off, this means only using 2 ogcds between each gcd, so you dont cause a delay before your next gcd  Good luck
Don’t forget to gear up, make sure you do your job quests, rotate your mitigations by planning ahead. Just keep trying at it friend, it’ll slowly come to you and then it’ll be second nature.
You have limited space, although it's 800 slots so that's plenty for now.  If you like it, keep it. Can always take things out down the line when you do get near the cap.
Only if you like the appearance of it. If your old gear has been replaced by newer gear with better stats and you're just putting old gear in the dresser to clear inventory space, I would recommend just getting rid of the old gear entirely.
Why? What's the reason for the question? I mean, only if you never plan to use it as glamour, I guess?
It fills up much faster then it seems. My advice is to only keep the gear you like or plan to use again for another job and also stick what you can in the armorie.
Simple Going through several crafting and gathering jobs a bit let me notice that i reused my old gear often as that job reached the level requirements to use it Thus i asked cause i didn't even know you could take things back out of it before asking
Ah so you were asking for storage reasons! Not really the reason most people use it, but if you don’t have the space in your retainers or your armory chest, no reason why not until you don’t need it anymore.   Personally I leveled everything that would use something at the same time to save on space, but I also have no life.
There isn't a great way to sort gear, it will sort by ilvl if you use the sort, that is it.  If you pay for the game you get retainers and they will hold a lot of stuff.
There's a button on the "Character" window that says "Recommended Gear".  - Anything that isn't a relic or gear from savage/ex/ultimate/etc can be acquired in no time flat, so you can toss it.  - If it is actually just glamour gear (as indicated by being level 1), it will go into the glamour dresser or the armoire.
I think my biggest issue is — I was watching a YouTuber talk about tanking and he said you can’t just trust the “auto select best gear” button. However, it’s tough for me to look through what I have as presented and choose what’s actually best
Cool! Very helpful. What kind of gear is savage/ex/ultimate? Is there anything that marks it so I can know?
In the majority of cases you can, the system just seems to get a little weird around level 50 for some reason. For the most part, it straightens out after that.
Its just a low lvl ARR issue especially accessories and body pieces. Later all tank gear is ment for tank.   Just use the recommended equip.
It's generally shiny and you spent about three months grinding for it.
Ah, so I may have none of that yet (I have completed a few extreme raids). I’m always getting shit from dungeon chests that I have noooo idea what to do with.
Hand to grand company for seals.
EX/Savage/Ultimate refers to the difficulty of the content  Extreme trials, Savage Raids, and Ultimate Raids, these form the basis of our PvE content in ascending difficulty order  It would be fairly obvious if you had ever done savage or ultimate, since savage fights are all labeled as "savage" and no one really accidentally goes into ultimate. The key exception to the savage rule is the coils of bahamut which are effectively all savage even though they aren't labeled as such
You can change the keybind in the keybind menu, which afair is in the system menu.
For scroll lock on laptop use the FN key and a combination of a second key, often C, K, S, or even F12. Depending on what brand your laptop is.
Party wipes render you ineligible to progress past floor 30. Additionally, the solo achievement requires starting from floor 1, not 21. Do note however that dying and reviving through a Raising pomander is *not* a party wipe.
Dying and reviving with the rez pom is okay. Dying and getting booted out is what prevents you from getting the achievement.
So if you go solo and die below floor 30 you're still okay to get the title? I just want to clarify because I'm new to these solo deep dungeons.
No. If you wipe below floor 30, it won't even let you progress past 30, much less go for the title.  (You can continue up to floor 30 if going for aetherpool or other rewards, but any wipe will lock you at floor 30 or any floor set you are above that.)
Party wipes *at any time in the entire run* render you ineligible to enter any floor beyond 30.
Only if you have a Raising. Leaving the instance in any way other than defeating the boss of that set of floors means you can't to past 30 on that save.
I love your style! You convey so much personality!
That looks fantastic
Looks awesome, love the smile!
thank you, that's so sweet! ;v;
thank you!!
thank you so much! ✨
I play it on the deck every single day. It's great. My only issue I have with it is sometimes the game will lag (rubber band) due to wifi issues but I believe that's on my network.   I have a secondary HUD layout for my deck and a primary one for my PC. So I backup my character settings and share them between devices. It works great back and forth. I love it so much since my SO and I can play together in the same room when she is on PS5. Literally changed my life...  It's great, runs great, setup is strange but it works well. That's really it.
While the content will be playable, the D-Pad controls may be an issue, especially for trying to do that as well as move, due to the position of the D-Pad compared to the left analog stick.  Try it out first and if nothing else, bring a PS4 or Xbox controller to try to play that way.
I recall hearing the steamdeck can get a solid 40fps, but I don't own one myself.
Better than I thought tbh. I get good enough performance and the controls are customizable enough to set it up in a way that is comfortable to play for you. The HUD feels a little cramped but you can always resize and remove things. The experience is definitely inferior to playing on my PC or a console. But for a handheld I can take anywhere, I give it high praise.
I mapped my right touchpad to D-pad so I can still move while using it
Pray return my innocence.
Rookie mistake. Having your default chat set to something like shout. That's why you have it of Alliance or something that doesn't work. Smh...
Well there's no coming back from that. They have to leave the entire data center now.
Pray return to the waking snatch.
NOOOO NOT MY SERVER NOOO PLEASE NOOOOO
Oh my god but IMAGINE the conversation with the GM when they get pulled into FFXIV jail.
This would be my biggest fear if I did this lol
I know the main issue is involving people in lewdness who didn't ask for it. However, I'm trying to figure out who this message is for. It seems to be some sort of fanfiction, seeing as they're typing out both roles. If that's the case, I think I'd be better to send it over discord and avoid SE filters altogether.
I'd have been like- no, no, please. Continue.
Yeah no at that point you either own it proudly or transfer data servers  *OWN IT GDI*
What a terrible day to have eyes.
You think that’s bad, try accidentally typing smut in your active FC chat.
pray return to a different chat
Please. I would literally melt into the ground😭
This is why I don’t rp I can’t write anything like that feelsbadman
This tragedy, greater than even the 7th Umbral Calamity, must be unwritten.
Oh man, that is the wrong thing to put in the wrong chat.
it's like she was RPing but she left the window open as people pass by
I'm screaming this made my night, I know some of us enjoy that ERP but I never caught one that slipped the chat this nasty and detailed. This was hilarious
It's happening all the time, all over the server, in every server. And with many people you've interacted with before.   This is quite vanilla for how....graphic some people can get when they think no one else is in a hard to access zone on a low pop server.
Oh god, and they’re from my server
Oh wow. Where can i find the rest??!
had someone MT their erp into novice network once
Not my proudest fap.
Pray return to the horny sands
🧍🏻‍♀️
Ah yes, the rookie mistake of mistyping your rp chat into public by mistake
And folks, this is why I write all my roleplays on Discord, rather than in game.  Though I'm more afraid of making a dumb typo than "accidentally" posting my stuff in the wrong chat.
Lmao, me and my  gf ERPed in some dangerous spots, one time I almost did this too, I'm so glad it never happened
Ohhhhh myyyyyyy
I know that pain. Did it in a whisper to someone in my horny teen 11 days
When you forgor to check your chat colour.
As a Balmug resident this seems tame lol
Why do I feel like this happened in Balmung to further our reputation despite the player being from Leviathan.
My WoL's name is Jasmine too. Fuck.
Pray return to the aetherial sea
Accidental copy and paste? Lmao
Definitely for attention. Hitting shout chat by accident happens sometimes if you dont use the typing shortcuts but not *mid* erp. You'd have to actively switch it. And the orange text instead of purple/blue should be a dead giveaway.
Should try touching grass instead of e-clits
Leviathan be wilin'
every time this happens it's never an accident lul
Moist
mistell yo
Ewww 😒
Holy FUCK  I got so scared for a second LMAO 😂 Without giving too much detail, I met with someone from leviathan in public today so I thought for a split second that he might have mistyped and this being the result. But that's not the case lol, I freaked for a solid second 😅
Good for Jasmine.
People do this for attention. There’s a very low chance someone ever chats in shout in that way, especially when they’re already “that far along”
I don't get it. What does it mean?
Ewe wtf
Damn, we don't get anything hilarious like this in Goblin
Oops, wrong chat.
No way lolol
Epic tier MT.
They weren’t sorry i bet
Bonk
MY EYES
"Oops mistell!"
this is why I do stuff OUT of game.
This is what drives new emotes.
Rookie mistake
That's hilarious! But how do you accidently miss-tell something like that into shout chat? Say chat I can understand, but shout?!
Surprised they didn't just immediately leave group
Man... this happened to me with normal non-e RP and no one replying thankfully and it was still embarassing af! This is the 'I might leave the game for a few years' kinda accident and I feel bad for even laughing :,D
....Are ya winning, son?
Godmoding though ugh =/
Been a while since I did low level MSQ, I knew they updated bits of it but i didn't expect such drastic changes, maybe I should do a Ng+ run after all.
UGH. This makes me... want to... KILL CHAOS! AAAAGH!
Eww, that's so cringey.
... folds 🤦‍♀️
Plz.   Someone.  **Unsee juice**  Help.
Least horny ffxiv player
Well, is there more? Don’t keep me waiting.
Sadly, that is not something that can be reverted.
Remember us. Remember that we once had not read this.
Speak for yourself. I'm transcribing this into an in-game macro.
When you're horny but you've just been touring the cities advertising for your FC.
You can't default Shout. As soon as you type a message in shout, it changes back to whatever it was set to before.  They can set it for one message and maybe they meant a different one and clicked on the wrong thing. *shrug*
I thought  you couldn't default shout.  I know if I /p and hit enter, I'll do future texts in party, but shout doesn't seem to stick.
It's not default. You have to knowingly click Shout chat each time you want to use it. This person did it, intentionally, for attention.
I don't ERP (or even regular RP), but I have my chat defaulted to Party always. That way if I fuck up I just get an error message saying I'm not in a party.
Yeah that'd be an immediate data center move, Fantasia, and name change. Anything to distance myself from that kind of shame.
The Whispering Eye?
The stones aren't the only thing rising
Something ain't right with the water in Leviathan
Ikr, go back to Balmung
I’m blaming Chicken Nugger
\*when you don't have to imagine it cause you know a friend who's had to converse with a GM for this exact reason\*
Not that I do this often...but I set up a party with the person(s), switch to party chat, and I have a log window that will only display party chat.
They’re erping with someone in tell chat, they just neglected to return the tell chat and ended up posting in shout chat so everyone in west thanalan could see the steam
It's for the recipients. That is, Shout chat. This person posted it into /shout knowing full well everyone would see it. People do this for attention all the time, it's the unironic version of "Oh whoops, I dropped my monster condom for my magnum dong."
Aside from the unlikely chance the other player is into voyeur, I'm pretty sure this guy knew exactly what he was doing posting in Shout. (especially with the followup "o3o")
THANK YOU. I read that and was confused, because that's not a pose/emote even in non-lewd RP. That's...a story. Like they're copy-pasting from Literotica or something.
I *think* it might be a case of 'paid service'?? where the recipient gets a kind of fanfic involving their character in a lewd scenario. For ppl who are horny but not good at writing it in a more aesthetic way than a constant 'moans'... But idk, I'm just a normal roleplayer, I don't do the e.
Fine, I'll be the one to explain.  Most likely the person who sent this message is providing erotica as a service for someone called a 'post pig'. This 'post pig' typically pays to receive these messages written about their character without needing to respond back to them. It's not that it's one-sided, it's that it's a transaction.
Either ERP in the wrong chat or they intended to paste something else
You *disgust* me! Go on.
*I put on my robe and wizard hat*
To be fair it's pretty decent smut. The writer could take up fanfiction.
Tis a terrible day to be literate
Suddenly illiteracy has its benefits.
Thats... unfortunate, lmao
Years ago, i randomly found a roleplay chat site and i just shadowed rooms alot.  I learned alot of my skills this way and some people were honestly flattered by this.  Some of them, i swear, were literature writer’s in disguise.    So yeah.  Muck about the internet till you find a little niche group that you can just study.  Worth a shot.
Protip:  plagiarize from your favorite stories on Nifty.
I know of a friend who said it in the say chat by accident.... they got suspended for like 2 weeks XD
Its very vanilla, they weren't that far into it thankfully lol
I had someone do it in say chat with me... I'm honestly still embarrassed.
Pray return to the Wanking Sands
Oh lord, how's Balmung since the Cross DC thing started? I don't really go to Balmung so I've only heard stuff about it (both chill and nsfw sides)
Some people go on like a notepad or something instead and type there and paste in game, I know what you meant, but there you go, some useless information
It was probably in the chat history, like when you hit the up arrow. Maybe they ERPed in a private estate or something.
When you erp sometimes you get wrapped up in it and forget/dont pay attention,  so it could've been a legit accident  Source: I've almost done this before on accident
I've had a friend who done this by accident in the say chat before. It does happen and depending on chat settings or how deep you are into it
Seems more like they were trying to shout something else but copied the wrong string
But grass is itchy and makes my eyes water! Plus it's outsiiiiide..
That's not even that far, and maybe for attention,  but you can't Rule it out, alot of people erp more than you think
I had a friend say something similar in say chat a while back. They were suspended for 2 weeks for well, obvious reasons. So depending on your chat settings this COULD happen. And I can see it happen
Avert thy innocent eyes young one. You need not know
That’s because most of us on Goblin get lewd/cringey tells instead. :(
Talk to Vauthrey, he may be able to help on this one.
Time to embrace its essence
"Just touch me, it whined, blinking impatiently against the ground. You couldn't make any of them wait any longer. With haste, you ran over to and gently stood on the mounds. The button blinked unfulfilled and called out, 'Gods yes, more!" You brought more of your team, slipping between each other and gathering on top. The group parted and found the button's Iron Giant, attacking them in the small circles. Phlegethon called out Ancient Flare, and the button was lost. The taste of Flare, the smell of Flare."
Heaps better than my server's fc advertisements.
They probably meant to copy/paste something, but it didn’t copy, and defaulted to pasting the last copied text
Might be using a mod to keep it on shout, if that exists
The other intentional way is starting with /shout
You don't have to click anything, you can just type /sh. I've definitely done /s when talking to my friend in our linkshell before and mixed them up, or if I was using /p for a while I get mixed up cuz my brain just autopilots. People do make mistakes sometimes.
There's at least one plugin that _does_ let you set your default channel to shout, although it's more of a side effect than the intent.
You can set it to default depending on which chat channel you interact with most on a daily basis
My eye doesn't whisper. It roars.
As a long time Balmung resident, i resemble that remark.
Oh please share!
"Friend"
I think they mean it doesn't make sense as 1:1 erp when the person who typed it is playing both roles. It reads like a story, not a back and forth rp.
Please tell me how to set shout chat as a default. It would make banter in hunt trains so much easier but that option seems to be missing.
Oops I dropped my eikon condom for my Sephirot dong!
I think the "o3o" person is different. Because the lenght of the name is not the same. I believe the "original" guy is just who says the "so sorry"s
It never occurred to me that there would be lazy ERP'ers.
Such filth!  Where can I acquire some more?
Quite a step up from what I've seen in Limsa xD
I joined a dragonball rp site when I was younger, mistaking it for an actual like, rpg video game. I stayed for a bit because I didn’t want to admit my mistake and be embarrassed. I got *extremely* good at writing, haha.
Of course, they had just parted the seas.
It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.    ***Everywhere.***
lmao
nuance is lost on this one.
My only regret about playing a FemMiqo Keeper of the Moon is getting those a lot  And it's always a bunboi.
The only time where Vauthry might have actually been on to something.
This actually makes a lot more sense because I was confused (YET INTRIGUED) that the text doesn't sound like RP at all it just sounds like fanfic.
There's at least one that allows doing that. If you set up XIVChat (a plugin and external program that allows you to access your game chat from outside the game, including over the internet if you port forward) then you can use that to change your default chat channel to anything, including ones that the game itself doesn't provide access to.
Hell I use the shortcuts for charging my chat makes it less annoying and faster in my opinion
UhI don't think I can? 1: It'd be rude to give such privy details hence my vagueness on it. 2: I think it'd be against this subreddits rules (I think). But I will say they were banned for 2 weeks because of it and now they're much more careful
Yes friend, nothing more because I never done anything with them outside of casual conversation
Just like with regular RP, some people want to lewd in some form of "Power Roleplay" where they dictate what the other person does. Might be one of those types.
Could be someone ERPing multiple roles for someone, or just someone who pasted in their erotica by mistake.
What if this person is a narrator to 2 other people that are ERPing
Plugins. There's at least one that can do it, although it's more of a side effect than the intent.
They were in Leviathan, or was Leviathan in them?
"You're gonna break my back, Kakarot! Ouuuuuu Shi..."
Two weeks for some porny text? Sounds excessive.
lmao they mean the “friend” is you buddy
So it is just a chat porn
And they'd still be wrong. I'm not afraid to own up my mistakes when they're pointed out. Cause if it was me, I would've said that. No reason to lie about something like this when it's already been dealt with by a GM
Indeed.
Popotoes don't grow without water, maybe they think you're dehydrated.
Ummm you know that also happens in Sharlayan, right?
At least them don't drown like WoW gnomes used to in Black Morass lol
Lol, sounds right for a buncha nerds.  That's why Erenville carries spare boots on his pack.
This looks like a studio set.
Plot32 Ward19  All players welcome, raiders/ none raiders welcome, students welcome, job slaves welcome, sprouts welcome,   L house well designed and built  God save me, Im so boreddddddddddd!!!!!!!
My friend, do the ShB role quests.
Looks like somebody hasn't done their ShB Void Quests!
This ^ specifically ALL of them & the follow up questline.
Real shame that it’s locked behind classes i don’t wanna play tho
Which itself requires the completion of *every single* ShB Role Quest.
Since they're *role* quests, there's bound to be one among them that you'll like better.
Ngl, this feels like it came straight out of the official XIV splash arts. Nice work!
So cute! And I love that dress so much but it really looks best on lalafell.
Off topic, but can I just say how beautiful Japanese Hanko are? It is such an elegant way to sign a piece of work.
Lovely style!! Can't wait to see more of your work!
I'm humbled to hear, thank you! :D
Thank you! And yes it looks best in white too, so cuuuuteeeeee~
Thank you! That's actually my Chinese name written in a Hanko; at least my best attempt at it c:
Thank you very much, I appreciate it\~ !
It looks amazing, and apologies for misidentifying it!
OH don't worry about it; CH and JP have some shared characters so no biggie!
The machinist glam is super cute!
I, too, thought the summer sunset beach set made for a great reaper glam xD
thank you!
ChatGPT probably got extremely baseline facts wrong and produced a complete garbage backstory. You can do better yourself even WITHOUT knowing anything.
But OP was asking ChatGPT to make up fiction about a blank slate character, not write about real existing characters that have established facts.  That said, as someone who enjoys coming up with stories, I don't see the appeal of asking an AI to string words together to make a backstory unless you're running a D&D campaign and you have exactly five seconds to come up with a full backstory for the generic background NPC your players just asked about and you're panicking.
You’re probably right, and I know I could if I wanted to. I just thought it was really cool that it’s gotten to a point where it can write lengthy backstories based on a few small inputs :)
They asked it to come up with a blank slate character in an existing world. I can tell you right now, it knows absolute dipshit nothing about said world.  And yeah, I don't see the appeal or the point. It produced something worthless and wrong; the OP could've produced a backstory that's just as wrong, but at least they KNOW they don't know anything.
I feel like its just a slightly smarter randomizer (like those story prompt things). It can write something random and coherent, but you've got to put the actual work in to make it, well, work.
Ai is advancing so fast these past few years, I wonder if it’ll make artists/writers obsolete when it comes to companies hiring creatives in the next 50 years. Just like how so many other jobs are being/already have been automated
How can backstory for a world that the OP themself hasn't fleshed out be wrong?     Do you even hear yourself?
My friend, machine learning is not going to replace anyone's job any time soon. It has no understanding or comprehension of any of its (unethically sourced) training material. Its errors are countless and you'd need crew on hand just to untangle the web it creates, which is far more work than just having people do the work to begin with. Companies will leap on the bandwagon that it's "intelligence," but it's just more sophisticated auto complete. Don't shamelessly buy techbro marketing, they're great at lying.
Because the world HAS been fleshed out, by people outside of that context.  Final Fantasy XIV is a game that exists, you might've heard of it. It has a world that's reasonably fleshed out, it has a story people mostly like. And ChatGPT doesn't know anything about any of that, because ChatGPT doesn't know anything.
Yikes, are there really RP groups pointing out flaws in backstories like that? That sounds horrid.  Sounds like a great use of AI to me, especially with guided input to correct errors like OP mentioned. Sometimes some brainstorming from outside your head can give some good ideas. Happy it worked out and you got a product you enjoyed OP!
The OP doesn't know what the story is either, so they can't exactly correct many of its inevitable mistakes.  I didn't say anything about RP groups, but as someone who runs an RP venue and contributes a lot in open RP, it's very useful to make sure people know what the basic facts of the game we're all playing are. If someone comes in saying that Bahamut caused the End of Days because a stupid robot told them that, there's no bridging differences there; one of the people in this room is just flat-out wrong. The step there is to correct them, not to say 'both sides are right even if one of them is speaking complete and total nonsense'.
They have been revealing locations ever since 3.0. Hiding the map keeps some mystery and allows them more freedom to write future content.  Don't expect 7.0 to just reveal it all.
Garlemald, Dalmasca and Radz are all visable on the world map. Bozja isn't, probably because they've never mentioned its precise location but we can assume it's somewhere in the uncovered section of Othard, under the burn.  The only part of Ilsabard we've been to properly is the area around Garlemald. The rest is a mystery.  A new version of the map is made for every expansion. They're constantly updating it to reflect the new areas and redoing it with each expansion.
I just wish it was HD, or at least we could enable it being HD on pc, like why is it so low res?
Aldenard could use a little more of a touch-up for detail though, especially when you compare it to Norvrandt, it starts to really look low-res and lacking.
There's zero reason to keep places we've visited hidden. Tell me where Dalmasca or Bozja is at on the map?
Bozja is actually north/west of Dalmasca
Same, if they are upgrading the character textures in 7.0 they really oughta upgrade our map so it's not PS3 era.
Southeast of Doma. That one's not even hard, we've SEEN that one.
We havent visted like 80% of whats under there lol.
Ah, you're talking about what you've seen in cutscenes.
It's also on the big map in the Baldesion Annex.
Literally who gives a shit, it's not your main map.  If they can put it there then they can add it to our map.
Stop being so aggressive. Clearly they give a shit.  Regardless, yeah they can add it to on that. And they will, when they're ready.
It's not my fault that you're lazy about finding information.
Typical FFXIV players disregarding obvious issues that should've been handled already. The map sucks and hasn't looked good for quite some time, as I already indicated the Stormblood map sucks.
The only reason it seems like people are disregarding you is because you're acting like a petulant piss baby, rather than trying to have an actual conversation. It's hard to make someone care about something you care about if all you do is lash out.  Chill out. Step away. Have a breather. Drink a beer. Smoke a joint. Whatever you need to do to relax, then come back and try to have a constructive conversation.
Yes men are the saddest fans you can have, who turn a blind eye to a map system that's been fucked up for a while and provide zero constructive feedback but to turn and look the other way. If it's been messed up since Stormblood there's no reason to expect better with 7.0.
I feel more immaculate to see there are people playing this
Wait but bro in the North Seat tanked it and is *still* in second place.
you murdered them!
For those wondering, getting thirteen orphans in mahjong is very difficult, and pretty much guarantees first place.
I don't know what you did, but I see big number gain, make my brain go "ook ook" excitedly.  So a hearty "ook ook" to you for the big number! 🦍
You crazy bastard you did it!!! One day i’ll get my thirteen orphans too… one day…
SO FUCKING SATISFYING
There are a bunch who do and not just for challenge log bc mgp
I saw someone asking a few days ago for the EU Mahjong discord because they literally only started playing 14 to take advantage of the free Mahjong system  So this doesn't surprise me in the slightest tbh
I think he wound up being third but yeah it was a great steal
After he slayed others indeed
I was literally shaking, didn’t even have the option to draw at first bc double 1a what a win tho
Ty big number is win
Not quite
No proof of DoL/DoH, not done yet  Also, BLU can be done solo or in PF, so "No friends" isnt an excuse ;)
Until you realize BLU is getting a level bump soon.
Awesome lol congratulations!
In order to level blu I need friends (ultimate)
Almost, back at it my friend
It's true BLU from here on!
That blue mage not looking done.
I was quite sad when I had nothing else to level. I'd buy a reverse booster, smack a job down to 1 for that sweet dopamine hit the lvl up sound gives. I almost feel cheated some jobs started so high lvl. XD
>Also, BLU can be done solo \[...\]  BLU is the best excuse to get to leveling that chocobo yet.   I never touched it before BLU. By now it's Rank 9 and halfway to ten. By the time I get BLU to 70, it's probably almost capped.
Can confirm, got BLU up to lv 60 and most of the spells while I was on the free trial. I had to farm levels alone :D
How so? I've done it twice solo and through pf
One of the queue activities I like is daily hunt marks. They give xp for the hunt and you get the bonus kill xp because they're normal world monsters.  Also, make an old relic weapon and do a FATE farm step. No bonus XP for BLU but you clear the FATEs super fast with monster skill hax and the relic grind is longer than the leveling grind.  Lastly, BLU discord. That + ordinary PF interest means you can fill a spell learning party in like 5 minutes.
Not quite, 20 is the cap so still a fair way to go yet.
Wait til 6.45  Level BLU to 80  Then farm bicolor gemstones off of FATEs in ShB zones with your Chocobro.
Just memeing as it’s faster to level up blu when you have friends killing mobs for you. Any tips for leveling from 50 to 70?
Ram's voice -> ultravibration  Gather a ton of mobs around your level or a few below, freeze and kill them, queue into a duty unsynced and leave immediately to reset cooldowns, repeat.  https://giant.gfycat.com/CleverDapperCanadagoose.mp4
best with friends: start of Kholusia since those mobs are 70.
If you are on a crystal server I’ll help you level 50-70!
You tag creeps on the beach in Kholusia and get help from some random in Limsa (Can't be in party). That's how I did it at least. A single shout should do the trick.
Learn "Choco Meteor" (Red Chocobos in Dravania Forelands), and take on the world with your Chocobo buddy. Staying in zones, areas just a few levels above you will work well.   Or  Put up a Party Finder and ask someone to Power Level you in Kholusia, bring your chocobo buddy cause exp is also insane for them too.
This is how I've done it. Offer the trade, you level me I level you.  It's absurdly fast in kholusia
What Data Center are you in? Best to add it in your post so that people from the same DC can help you. If you're in Elemental, i can help you out.
You can try to ask in a city like limsa.  Also the novice network won't always be full, you can get an invite later.
I'm in Aether, but thanks for offering
Any luck finding someone?
I actually tried soloing him with my blue mage and got it. I completely forgot about my blue mage before posting this lol
Wow this is super cool! probably one of my fav gpose works I've seen
Thank you! I was playing around with a new photo booth in our studio and realized it would work really nicely for a Black Lotus session. =)
Log in, think "What do I want to do today?" and if you like the answer you give yourself then go do that. Don't look at the long-term, just play day-by-day.   I've played for nearly ten years and I've been burnt out a couple of times when I had lists of things I needed to do on a daily/weekly basis. I now have a thing where I log in at least once a week (every Sunday) to do a small list of weekly things and then I see if there's something else I want to do. Two weeks ago I did my usual Sunday login, and for some completely unknown reason the idea of doing the new crafting relics called my name and I ended up playing for hours each day for the next few days until those were completed.   Try to enjoy being sidetracked - it means something in the game has grabbed you and you're having fun!
It's only you who knows what you'd want to get out of the game. I mainly enjoy leveling jobs, make a relic or two, gear one job up, then that's it. Once I don't enjoy it anymore, I go for a break. Then come back again once I miss the game.  There's a lot of things to do, so to avoid getting sidetracked, I just focus on one area before moving on to the next.
So essentially you got severe burnout, took a break, came back, and are enjoying the game but overwhelming yourself with choices?  Outside of ignoring msq, how do you get “sidetracked”? The game isn’t a race, even including msq, just play and do what you want.  Don’t do nothing because you can do anything, just have fun and do what sounds fun that session, imo at least.
Oh it's very easy to get sidetracked even when focused on MSQ. Many times I've gone off the beaten path, completely forgetting that I was doing something else, only to realize several hours later that I remembered what I was originally doing. I do eventually go back to my original plan, but I have often wondered if the NPCs ever fell asleep waiting on me to show up.
I’m trying to say that you can’t get sidetracked if you just play for fun and enjoy yourself really. Unless you for some reason have some super strict timeline for goals then why not just enjoy the journey? You won’t get anything for finishing msq in a certain time, getting 100 totems from an EX before the mount is purchase-able, getting a crafting job to max level(except maybe some easy gil during expansions).   Mostly just trying to say getting sidetracked is not a bad thing if you do some stuff you’ve enjoyed, is probably a better way to word it. I find that stuff fun and don’t have any strict goals or timelines, so it’s not a problem to get sidetracked that would ever cause any concern or trepidation.
What did you buy? Was it account wide? If not and to didnt choose a character at check out.. it may have gone to a random one.  Time.. can take minutes to a day or two pending on traffic.  But usualy within the hours
Ty!! It was a mount so it’s account wide and I only have one char
Ahh. Mounts usually take the most time. Especially account wide ones. But if you ever make another character youI get it instantly at least lol.
Mounts can take up to 24 hours to arrive so give it some time.
The funny thing is if you're a Roegadyn, there's one extra sentence they added.  "Just *look* at your sculpted body!"
Based loporrit wanting to be a roegadyn.
Like training Amelia into a General in FE: Sacred Stones.
I shall follow Liftingway's exploits with great interest.
So *that's* how you get the [Viangaa](https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/blog/000694.html)!
Lol I play Roebro and wasn't sure it was specific to your WoL race. I am honored these dumb rabbits aspire to my dumb character's example.
My FemRoe has freaking bazongas to match
r/angryupvotes
To be fair, he is a pretty big fan.
"But have you meet their cousin Dantell?"
omg skara finally started playing and of course he picks a lala
damn danyell
Seems to run in the family. Just ask his sister, Danielle.
When you are both a Culinary and a Nymian Scholar.
This is just Salad Fingers.
One does not simply pick up a pair of tongs without clacking them at least once
What about a Tonberry holding a tuning fork? Toneberry
Grabby boi!
"pfft, what, you'll stab me with those tongs-AUGHHH!!?? THIS HURTS TO A SHOCKING EXTENT"
THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER!
*cries in CUL tonberry knife from 2019*
I like Rusty Sprinkler
Rusty spooooon
This is the truth of our world.
Hmmmmm....more ideas, I will credit you if I get the chance to doodle it :D
XD
THE SASH RINGING!
Normally I'd ask what parts made you cry, but with shadowbringers I think we can all guess
You're not fully done yet, there's patches to do still ;)
It took me just 2 weeks....
Huh following this post because I have a 1660 ti that’s just like this.
The 1660 super is rated at 125 watts.  It's not harming anything and is likely just an oddity in software.  Not all games behave the same.  It's not really a concern when you aren't having issues.
You should consider sending a report of this to the official forums.
I mean honestly it doesn't make a difference what your levels are since most group activities like dungeons or FATES will sync your levels anyway. Now if you're all trying to do the MSQ at the same time then I guess I get it. Unfortunately there's not a whole lot of options if you're waiting to progress in the MSQ. Leveling another job or crafter/gatherer job is probably the only other thing worthwhile doing.
[Palace of the Dead](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Palace_of_the_Dead) and [Ocean fishing](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Ocean_Fishing) are unlockable at that level. For [Sightseeing log](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/A_Sight_to_Behold) you need 1 more quest.   edit: PotD gives you exp, but you could use alt jobs there.
Could do side quests for more lore/world building.  At level 20, there aren't all that many options, but leveling alt jobs and professions would be the best thing probably. If you intend to stick with the game for a while, you will do those anyway. At the very least, I would suggest getting alt jobs to 16 so they can be eligible for leveling roulette. MSQ will give you plenty of exp to level your mains, so its not a bad idea to do the daily leveling roulette on alt jobs.
I'd suggest leveling other jobs/professions. The stories (to varying degrees) help fill out the world.
Level all your other classes. Don’t want to spoil anything but when you get to Endwalker. Doing all jobs or at least dabbling in them makes the cutscenes in Endwalker that much better.
Work on crafters and gatherers. Lots of exp and seals to get from the GC turn ins too. If you’re into collecting glams, minions, mounts, they can be pretty pricy on the marketboard, but having levelled crafters/gatherers will help bring in some nice Gil!
at msq level 20 there's not a lot, but at 50 you'd be able to do various 2.0 end game content like hard mode primals, hard mode dungeons (which are entirely different layouts/bosses/stories)  that said at 20 you could be doing grand company progression, which will send you to some optional dungeons.  check this page on the wiki for side stuff to do at any level. https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Content_Unlock
~~Blue mage.~~  ~~Congrats you are now busy for the next week~~  Oh nevermind
Ocean Fishing.
Crafting and making a crap ton of money.  If that's boring to you, level an alt in secret and progress at your own pace.
PvP unlocks at level 30 and gives tons of cosmetic rewards. Although it also gives XP so you might want to do it on an alt job.
Palace of the Dead, while it does give exp (so you can just use a different job), is something you can do that is actually an achievement to complete.   There are also achievements for just gathering a certain number of materials using the gathering jobs that you could work on grinding out, if you just want something to do as a grind.  I’m not sure how many cards you have access to at only level 20 of the MSQ, but you can start collecting triple triad cards. There’s even a tournament going right now (every two weeks) that you can enter and play vs. NPCs (or real people, but they’re going to have way better cards than what you have access to) to get a chance to get the rare tournament cards — which can just be a never ending grind since it’s almost all up to chance. (Wyra “Greenhands” Lyehga is the ‘easy’ NPC for the tournaments, by the way).
World quests if you like lore and stories. They do give xp, but not by huge amounts since they're not for leveling up really, just extra flavor.  You can make some nice gil by gathering crafting mats. Some fish used for leve quests and gc turn-ins can sell for a lot.
There's also your hunting log.  There are separate entries for each class/ Grand company, so you can get out and see the world some while hunting monsters, for a good lil bit of company seals and coin that will help you ranking up in the company.
Chocobo racing is fun! Try to breed the perfect racing chocobo and get the chocobo trainer title. It takes several hundred races to get there but it’s a fast way to accumulate MGP.
They’re 35, but @ MSQ 20. Not that that changes much. Does pvp open up around there?
Also you get more different gameplay & animations + get to know how all 3 roles (DPS, Tank, Healer) work so you can be more flexible in raid rosters one day.
Blue mage is locked behind level 50 and the MSQ, so...
Doesn’t become available until completion of 2.0.
I know they are lv35, but in this game. when it comes to unlocking content, your level doesn't really matter. Most everything is gated by MSQ.  I don't think there is any PVP at that level, but I am not sure. I don't dabble in PvP at all.
PVP unlocks at 30.
PVP content unlocks at level 30.
Since they're well under 60 I assume they're on the free trial. PvP is not enabled on the free trial, so that's a no-no too.
Yup, and she doesn't even have to try. Then again, you kinda have to be a badass if you are leading a nation of probably former pirates.
Admiral Waifu
You could be twice her size and still feel that way.
I never understood the whole "Step on me, mommy" thing until I ran a character through Limsa for the first time. And I play Elezen, so she's not even that much taller than me.  Fortunately the VA change sorted me out again.
Imagine being a Lalafell and just barely coming up to her knee...
strong, tall merlwyb
Merlwyb’s ARR VA was soo much better, she really sounded like she’d lead a coastal city of former pirates. I was disappointed when I heard her HW VA.
Yeah. Most of the other ones I was okay with, but the first time I heard Merlwyb talk in HW I was like ,"Why would you do this, Yoshi P?".
In the infinite multiverse, this is possible. There is also a chance that the places are switched, where Alphi is a genocidal maniac and Zenos is the good boy defector of Garlemald.
Heh... theres part of quite a few players that were hoping he'd end up being the Frieza of the Scions.
Imagine if the Endsinger killed the Warrior of Light in the final fight, and the Warrior of Light entrusted the protection of the realm to Zenos, as 'the only one who can'.  So Zenos decides 'no', and spends the rest of his *life* trying to *track down* and *recover* the Warrior of Light's new reincarnation.  He joins the Scions and specifically turns them into an organisation looking to bring the Warrior of Light back.  The first step;  The Aetherial Sea.  That's a fanfic I'd read tbh.
My friend almost stopped playing because of Zenos. Not because of his character or story, but because of forced losses while fighting him.  Then Ranjit came and I almost lost him again lol.
Fully voiced MMO protagonist Zenos Yae Galvus. Some sort of Scion Captain Shepard. Has various romance options, a renegade and paragon gameplay option.  In the final fight fights a notorious Yes-Man that says their power is derived from Hydaelyn herself. Has also absorbed the powers of several eikons. Only a blast from a prototype warmachina can weaken them enough so Zenos can best them.  In the award winning expansion Hellbent, they either side with the dragons to raze racist Ishgard, or with Ishgard to slay the vile dragons. Shiva is shot on sight.
Tataru in shambles over how much it costs to feed and clothe the big fucker.
I think it’s sort of interesting how much of a disconnect there is from how fans view Zenos and how the characters view Zenos.  Like, myself and so many other people experienced that disappointment at the end of the MSQ where there’s no “HELL YEAH BROTHER LETS DO THIS” option. But you have to remember that like, dude stole your body and almost killed your friends in your stolen body, and that’s just *recently*.
I think it would've been funnier if it said "crystal braves"
“In another life, I would have really liked just killing primal and ascians with you”
Oh my God, Are you saying there's a Zenos in another parallel world who isn't just apparently pure bratty thirst for the WOL?  Or in this world is the WOL the Thirsty one?
Zenos has more edgy boy teamwork issues than Estinien.
That's an AU id read
Somewhere, the WOL is sitting in the ruins of Garlemald, staring at the crown of His Radiance with total boredom on his face and trying to decide what he’s going to do next?  Why he destroyed the Empire and butchered the Legions? They ruined one of his favorite vineyards.
I know it's a meme, but I wouldn't mind if that's what you want to believe. I imagine it being a different world for each player/their WoL, so we all can have whatever head canon we like.
What do you mean another reality? This is just a leaked 7.0. screenshot.
We have a name for this other reality.  "Hell."
God I wish
I miss him :(. It was nice to have that rival pushing me to greater and greater heights.
I will always be salty that we didn't save him so he could join us. He was a friend and my WoL's love interest. I would have traded all the scions for him.
... and so I stopped playing the game. ;)
I was always hoping someone would breakin and massacre the scions a second time.
In a world where reincarnation is proven, I hope we find a young Zenos reincarnation on another shard who becomes a scion.
>Alphi is a genocidal maniac  He could have just gone "The Crystal Braves need to purge those who do not align themselves with our cause, starting with the city states and the city states go to Garlemald for help. Honestly still a good MMO setup.
The way things have gone, I wouldn't be too surprised if Alphi one day snaps.
"Oh my god, you could grind meat on that tenacity stat-BWAGH!"
Do you mean Vegeta? Or did Freiza get some sort of redemption arc? It’s been a hot minute since I watched Dragonball
Step 2: "Annoy my great-grandpa so much he returns from the dead to help us"
I can kinda see that.     Grieving Scions at the Rising Stones  Zenos comes in, puts his feet up and starts ordering everyone around.  Maybe "Rhalgar's Reaches" someone to prove he's not playing. "Submit to my goal or perish."  Very uncomfortable scions have to explain to the EA that they kinda need to go hunt in the astral sea or Zenos will throw a murderous tantrum.  It'd fall into the same trap most Zenos fanwriting has where it's almost impossible to write him without making him incredibly OOC.     But it's a helluva setup yeah.
isn't this literally just the plot for shb since that's exactly what happened and graha did exactly as you just described.
Zenos did the forced loss better, I feel.  The first time you face him you are just plain outmatched, but you "win" the fight by getting to the point where he blasts you.  The second time... well, his health bar goes down a bit and his big burst move doesn't instantly drop you. I forget if he bails on that fight.  And then the third time it's a 4v1 followed by an 8v1 but you win.  The fourth time it's Zelidibus and it's a "you win but your biggest fan from another world calls you" and somehow you wake up in ishgard  Then they try the same trick but worse with RJ and it doesn't feel as good, though I did legitimately fuck up against ranjit once against him in the final showdown and lose for real.
I always felt like the Ran’jit fight was tonally very different from the Zenos fight.  Zenos totally stomps us, and spares us on a whim.  Ran’jit starts something he can’t actually finish. He gets one good hit in and acts like he’s won. But when we do get the rematch we put him down pretty hard.
Oof Ranjit. Hope they were okay when they got to use Best Dad against him
The forced losses definitely were not fun. My warrior wasn't even being hurt by his attacks as I'm bringing him down. The fact Zenos can use aether made sense as to why he was durable. That and his "fake" copy of our power.
I mean, "That, I can't deny." is *pretty* close. It's the nicest dialogue option you can give him in the game. Acceptance and maybe a hint of respect, his reaction makes it worth it too. Anything more positive would undermine the rest of his influence on the plot I feel, as you mentioned.
Ffxiv is just a horror game at this point
Meanwhile, I hated the fact he showed up and wished it was Midgardsormr or someone.  Anyone but /Zenos/.  If not for the Endsinger fight, that came close to ruining the expac.  I loathe him so much.
You misunderstand, this Zenos was just so thirsty he changed teams to be with the WoL.
I mean, Zenos is explicitly confirmed to be actually, properly dead.  He burned through his whole soul. The Echo (or the stolen Resonance) cannot resurrect a soul that *doesn't exist* anymore.  More importantly, 6.1 spoilers, >!Zero was sent back to the Void. She had been summoned by Zenos to be his Avatar. This occurs instantly, it's one of the stinger cutscenes for 6.0. What's the one way to send a summoned soul back to where it belongs, guaranteed, no strings attached? *Kill the  summoner.*!<  He's dead. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Genuine question: What reason would he have for doing that?  He does not see any other beings as having any worth at all, except in how they can commit violence. He believes the world is an endless mire of tedium and triviality, and would gladly destroy it completely just to get one really good fight. He explicitly says "this merciless, meaningless world of ours." He finds the motivations of others inexplicable, but not in an exciting mysterious way, just a dull exercise in pointless complexity without value.  What could possibly motivate him to care about things he has explicitly, and repeatedly, said he couldn't possibly care less about?
You gave him all he ever wanted in life
Maybe in his next incarnation.
Same.
Alternate ending to 2.x where Alphinaud was aware of and fully behind the assassination plot.
Alphi becomes Arthas; "This city must be purged"
Little Lord Alphinaud the Bloody will see his vision of a Grand Company of Hydaelyn... at any cost
I think he deserves a good snap. Boy has so much trauma he's keeping down.
I wouldn't call it "Redemption arc" but yea kinda.  In the whole Tournament of Power Arc that happened Frieza was Earth's 10th fighter for lack of better options to fit it. He agreed on the condition they'd gather up the DragonBalls and resurrect him if they won.  Upon winning the Z fighters keep their side of the bargain and Frieza kinda is around being Frieza while occasionally getting a glare from Vegeta and Goku to behave while seeing how far he can push buttons and *occasionally* helps out when either the mood strikes him or he's strong armed to... while at the same time being Frieza the entire time.   But yea. Vegeta also qualifies for the reference as well.
Emet Selch and Hythlodaeus could reincarnate alongside Azem to act as shepherds/guardians  Because Emet controls the Lifestream.
personally I think neither were done well.  6.3 spoils >!the recent forced loss with Zero however is how you do it correctly.  You're forced to lose because the mechanic was impossible in your current situation (multiple soak markers while being solo) rather than just getting "ENOUGH!"ed!<
>Zenos did the forced loss better, I feel.  I agree. Remember, during the events of Stormblood, you have zero knowledge of Zenos and his fighting capabilities, so basically you are going blind on an enemy unknown. However, after gaining allies from two city-states, and strategically took down two of his powerful lackeys (Fordola and Yotsuyu), it is now fair game and forcing him to use Shinryu's power.
Ran'jit would have so much better if he died at Dadbowl. As much as I hated him, killing him had no impact for me because after all the fakeouts, I didn't realize until later that he was actually dead.
Whereas I was exactly the opposite.  Zenos fight 1: At no point was I actually ever threatened or even particularly challenged, *until* Zenos pulled out his perma-stun attack and thus, obviously, I lost immediately after he used it.  Zenos fight 2: At no point was I ever actually threatened or even particularly challenged, *until* Zenos pulled out his perma-stun attack and thus, obviously, I lost immediately after he used it.  Zenos fight 3: He never uses his perma-stun attack, so we win. He seems to have forgotten it, in fact, as he never uses it again.  "Zenos" fight 4: Actually a *little* challenging, but not too difficult overall. We are *accidentally* perma-stunned by our mysterious caller, and thus lose.  In each and every case where Zenos (or "Zenos") beats us, it's because something permanently incapacitates us. Zenos only uses this attack (which is *not* the same as Concentrativity) in the first two fights with him, and then never again. It makes *blatantly* obvious the hand of the author: we're going to force you to fight him, BUUUUUT you aren't allowed to win, so....we'll just....not *let* you win...but force you to accept the consequences *as if* you had lost on your own merits. Because *plot reasons.*  It's incredibly forced. People just excuse it in Zenos' case because he's attractive and they see him as a Vegeta figure, while Ran'jit is old and wrinkly and doesn't have any Vegeta vibes. (Even though Zenos is no more like Vegeta than Ran'jit is.)
Ran'jit felt pretty bad because he followed right after Zenos. In my opinion he compared really rather unfavourably, but even if he hadn't, he still suffered from just being the same thing again.
Oh, I was referring to the previous option. The “I won’t save you” and “I don’t want your help”.
I mean.....that Seems like a  decent chance with some historical precedent considering End walkers.
Where was it stated that he burned through his soul? He died, but it was never stated anywhere that he literally burned his soul away
So if you burn through your whole soul you no longer exist in this world????
Except all other lore says he should be alive, he has forced revive thanks to he Resonant since he didn't seem happy to be alive again post SB, he basically has Ascian powers & we didn't kill him via Auracite & left him in a place controlled by powerful emotion.  This probably main complaint Zenos by all established lore should still be alive somewhere.
Because this time I’ve got him a reward chart and for every 10 gold stars earned I kick him in the nads.
I can fix him
We all have our "hate the world" phases, maybe he just needed something in his life to give it real meaning. Maybe it was me. Maybe after our epic showdown he could have seen how great things could be together, we could constantly push one another as we adventured.  I can fix him.
>what could possibly motivate him to care about things he has explicitly, and repeatedly, said he couldn't possibly care less about?  "Hey, cooperate and we can duel again."  I think he's way too unpredictable to be left to his own devices, but he's a weapon with a singular motivation. Dangle that carrot and he could cover for the WoL in a pinch. The trick would be keeping him on a short leash or getting him to grow, somehow. The Vegeta to the WoL Goku. The only reason it wouldn't work is we'd still be dealing with the untrained dog 6 expansions from now before it even begins paying off and that's just not going to fly in an MMO.
"You're right sister, these people _don't_ deserve our help. That Grandfather could ever love them beggars belief. Let's right that wrong, shall we?"
I'd say the WoL has a lot more trauma. OG ones definitely do.
Thing is, Alphinaud is the sort who snaps by breaking down into tears and just becoming horribly depressed as we saw at the end of the bloody banquet and in other spots where sorry becomes too much to bear. The WoL, as the DRK job quest shows is the one who gets meaner and more bitter the more the trauma piles on.
I think it was a stupid thing. Recruiting a volatile villain who murdered innocent and destroyed planets is like playing a mystery box with a box full of mousetraps. That or it's just Goku's stupidity.  On other choices, would Cell have been a better candidate. He only killed and absorbed a whole town of people, and he attempted to destroy Earth, so would he have been a better choice?  Plus I will never forgive Toei for doing Tienshinhan dirty. He would have been an interesting candidate.
frieza was still not to be trusted though even in the tournament of power.
Interesting. Thanks for the synopsis!
He doesn't control the lifestream, no one controls the lifestream. (Except for maybe the elementals? But I dunno about that.)
Narratively, Zenos was done better. Ranjit was just super strong for literally no reason.
Both are done well seriosuly his attacks did 90%+ of our HP pool if he did a single auto after contra the WoL would be dead in both encounters he could've killed the WoL if he did'nt want a fight.   &#x200B;  Hell in encounter one if he wasn't all about a glorious battle he could've crushed the resistance & us at Rhalgers & conquered the Realm.  You barely even get him down 4% before he wins & that's when he's toying with us as we get see him somewhat more serious in encounter two.  &#x200B;  Always wild to me players think they could win that either of first two encounters we got mad protag plot armor in those two fights.
Would have been better yes. He could have died there having a heartfelt one to one about minfilia with thancred in his last moments. Time to better explore his trauma and motivations over being the firsts greatest champion watching his adopted daughter suffer and die over and over after he kept raising and training them. Each one similar but jsut distinct enough to think of both as one and seperate, increasing the pain of loss.  This was a dude from the Firsts version of doma who saw it evaporated by the flood of light. Last of his nation, his people, his culture, his martial arts school. He probably put a lot of hope that his and his peoples and martial art legacy would be continued through his pseudo daughter but she died too, only for that hope to come back when she returned,a hope which would turn to horror as it started to keep happening again and again. What was that one definition of madness again?  That stuff deserved to be explored but given how packed shb is i dont think they had space.   Tho... an npc notes they never did find his body.
>Zenos fight 3: He never uses his perma-stun attack, so we win. He seems to have forgotten it, in fact, as he never uses it again.  It's his main AOE attack that he uses constantly. The idea is that you have gotten strong enough that you can withstand it now.
Wow you almost had your landing gear out when you hit the runway there. C+
look everyone, this person's taking the exact attack names as having ludonarrative importance instead of suspending disbelief to take in the general circumstances of the fight
I'm of an extremely different opinion because I hated Zenos in Stormblood, and none of his wins felt earned. Ranjit didn't bother me because every time we "lost," we achieved our objective and taking him out wasn't the priority.  Ranjit felt like them fixing how badly they'd implemented Zenos.
I wont save you is pretty friendly too, its definitely a playful jab rather than anything serious.
It was never stated, which is why /u/ezekielraiden still hasn't responded despite having comments from only minutes ago. It's headcanon nonsense.
Correct. >!That's what happened to Hydaelyn. They explicitly said Venat cannot reincarnate now, because she consumed literally *everything* she had to give. There was nothing left of her soul to return to the Lifestream. She is gone forever.!<
No. None of that is true, they're just stating their headcanon as if it's fact.
Your confidence is most impressive.
I'm reading this in his voice and I'm blaming you that I feel bad.
We’ve always got Fray to help us relieve that trauma, usually by violently redirecting it at villains who deserve a good thrashing.
Actually did a level 80 quest that starts in the Footfalls where an NPC recognizes you as the Warrior of Light from Carteneau, confirming even if you started in 2.0, you're WoL would still have dealt with that shit. My headcanon for why we're not trying to get credit is because, well... honestly the 1.0 WoL did jackshit to actually save Eorzea, it was Louisoix who ultimately saved the day, it's like how most of 2.0 you're less the hero and more just a sword other people wield because the WoL honestly had zero initiative and agency.
Tien was part of the Universe 7 team.   The two who weren't were Buu for OP reasons and Yamcha... for obvious reasons.
Frieza had already recently returned and displayed a powerful new form that was on par with Super Saiyan God right after he acquired it. Universe 7 was ranked second weakest, they putting morality of their teammates ahead of their fighting prowess wasn't something they could afford.
It's Goku's fetish to keep fighting strong enemies so he let's that assclown come back to life to rampage through the galaxy.
Keep in mind it was Beerus that ordered him to do it. Even tho he did enjoy doing it
Frieza does try to betray them several times for his own benefit in the tournament, but none of the other teams are interested in bringing in someone so obviously untrustworthy.  The culmination of the tournament is basically when Frieza finally decides to trust Goku and the others. And whatever you say about Super, that was an awesome scene.
Emet and the elementals don't control the Lifestream, they're just good at navigating it
Zenos has no reason to be that strong either
Ranjit could have been done well. Just give him one or two new or rarely used mechanics, and sped up a bit to make sure it's impossible to dodge correctly. Then he's only hard because he's from another world and knows tricks we don't, and can eventually be overcome.
Concentrativity isn't the attack that perma-stuns. He uses that attack multiple times in both previous fights. It's his only room-wide AoE, IIRC.
[removed]
Glamour had no ludonarrative importance.  ...right up until we used it to rout Castrum Velodyna.  Our kojin blessing had no real ludonarrative value (simply being an excuse to let us swim indefinitely.)  ...right up until the point where it saved us from being drowned by water-fae who wouldn't take no for an answer.  FFXIV makes a sincere effort to provide gameplay and story integration. It certainly isn't perfect. But it is a consistent effort, one that pays dividends.
They did fill entirely different purposes. Ran'jit, beyond his subplot with Thancred and Ryne, really just served as a timer on the heroes. The sin eaters were a problem but fairly passive on their own, in a short term sense, so without him there would be no sense of urgency.  Zenos in contrast being essentially the main problem himself. Losing to him was a direct setback, rather than him being someone we simply had to stall.  I have warmed up a bit to Ran'jit over time and I acknowledge his role is necessary, but I still find him less entertaining, and that his placement in the greater story is unfortunate, as after overcoming Zenos I did not feel as convinced by Ran'jit's presentation.
Feel opposite Ranjit story/gameplay wise is terrible We never really lose to Ranjit though you're forced to run by game/scions every encounter unlike Zenos who actually beats us down then leaves.  Hell encounter 1 v 1 Ranjit is sub 60% hp when you leave verses Zenos who only drops about 4% hp in first encounter, Ranjit also uses the entire Raid kit of Alte Roite whilst Zenos walks slowly occasionally using an attack or two.  Encounter two we ditch him to the bunnies to go do the objective Ranjit is never a threat to us he was always Thancreds enemy but they kept throwing him at us we clearly outclassed him from encounter one but they had use him as an excuse to push the player from zone to zone in a rushing manor.
It's part of the literal fight text, and more importantly, his preceding discussion with us. Before the battle, he explicitly mentions that the WoL doesn't choose to "burn the candle of your life" except for reasons we deem worthy, and during the fight itself, he says, "Hold nothing back! Push yourself to your limit, and me to mine!"  When you fully deplete his HP the first time, he says, "Ah! My soul, how it burns!" He then stuns you and one-hit drops you to 0, and after you're down says, "Do not tell me your life's fire is already spent..." You then stand up and do a yell-to-the-heavens motion as gold energy surrounds you, with screen text that says, "The flame of your life is spent, and yet you find the strength to stand." From that point forward, *both* Zenos AND the WoL are burning through their soul energy--we knocked him down, he suited up with his Avatar and knocked *us* down, beginning the final phase. He even uses an attack in the second phase called "Candlewick."  I'm not sure how much more explicit the scene could be. Both Zenos and the WoL are burning up soul energy. Zenos doesn't have as much to burn as the WoL does, and thus dies.  Also, I couldn't reply to /u/maniachi. I have no idea why. It just says there's an error ("Something is broken, please try again later.") every time I try. The above is what I intended to say to them.  Edit: Oh, and then when you take him down the second time, he *explicitly says,* "No, not yet! Not until the last of me is spent!"
He just responded to another comment of mine, but not to this one haha
😞 I had always hoped she was wrong about that. She was my favorite.
His 2.x voice or 3.x++ voice?  His 2.x voice is easier to villify.
I guess. Fray wasn't there when dalamud dropped on us though so he wouldn't understand.
Which is why Goku is one of my least favorite protagonists
Also remember it was Fucking Stupid Goku who somewhat gave the idea of a multiversal tournament that would jeopardise multiple universes
Why not? Gaius, Hydrus etc already showed off plenty of superhuman abilities and incredible fighting prowess, and they were still below Zenos in the pecking order. At the time we had performed great feats, but we had still only acted in a relatively small part of the world; it wasn't particularly hard to believe that there were yet others in the greater world that were beyond us.  I had absolutely zero issues at the time with him beating us. My thoughts immediately leapt to 'what's this guy's secret?', to a desire to find out more, not to 'this shouldn't be happening'. I guess if it hadn't been immediately following the positive experience that was Heavensward I might have been more sceptic, but I absolutely wasn't taken out of the moment or anything. In fact it drew me in even more, it was a really bold decision to have the player lose and really get it rubbed in like that (as opposed to other, equally ignominious but more quickly brushed over defeats like with Igeyorhm in the Sea of Clouds).
I mean, he basically devoted his entire life to nothing but fighting and getting stronger at it.   At the end of the day, anyone could have become the warrior of light. Besides the blessing, we are just a strong person.    IDK. I did stormblood when it came out, probably over all would be my fave expansion if they expanded the Ala Mhigo section.   It felt relatively reasonable with Zenos just being this insane combat master that rivaled us. Especially when there was other folks in lore that could do similar things to us as well.
Well, it was stated he was a combat prodigy from his youth, he also has >!the artificial Echo and probably other enhancements,!< and not sure if this counts for something but >!has Solus'/Emet-Selch blood running in him, y'know, the unsundered dude with unlimited aether power.!<
They're both just strong, no reason needed. RJ is just bad cause he's a retread of that.
I'm sure people will bring up the short story, but it doesn't help solve this problem either. It just kicks the can further down the road--*young teen* Zenos was already a super-athlete, a mega-genius who ran circles around literally *every tutor he ever worked with,* and able to survive stupidly dangerous risks with zero negative side effects without any explanation how or why and without leaving a single trace that anyone else could detect. Just because he's Zenos.
It is though. Look at his bar when he casts it.
Mind the unmarked spoilers beyond the scope of the initial discussion and maybe you'll get informative replies. I'm gonna be too busy playing through 6.1 and 6.2 and 6.3 on the free login campaign to answer.
Yeah, but the get-out-of-jail-free card in all of this is that the fight took place in a space composed entirely of dynamis. You keep getting back up because of willpower and emotions and so on. You survive and get back home because emotions dictate reality in that plane you find yourselves on. The gatherer tribe quests point out that despite being memory shades, because Ultima Thule is composed almost entirely of dynamis these echoes of millennia dead civilisations are able to create completely new life.  If they wanted Zenos back, it would be easy to not only do it, but to explain it in a way that makes perfect sense within the established rules.  I don't think they *will*, but part of me kind of wants to see it at this point just for the sheer volume of rage that would explode out of the fandom. That and I started to get quite fond of the nutcase by the end.
Oh, completely agreed. I was very sad to hear them confirm it in one of the post-EW PLLs.
Spoilers for the DRK questline:  >!Isn't the whole point of Fray that he's the manefestation of the WoL's inner darkness given form by the DRK job stone? Surely he would be aware of the trauma from Dalamud falling for any WoLs that survived that since he's quite literally a part of them.!<
True, I would rather have Vegeta be the "hero" or Gohan or someone else.
Goku being a morally compromised fuckwit makes him relatively unique among shonen protags.
The Abridged version really leans into just how *ridiculously* stupid he is, and it's beautiful.
the universes were already planned to be destroyed, the tournament gave them a chance at survival.
The thing that got me wasn't the question of why he could beat us, but why we could beat him at the end. I thought after the insane highs of dunking on Thordan, Stormblood was going to explore how we work through problems that aren't solved by just throwing the WoL at them, and the brilliant solution people come up with to take down Zenos despite the powerups he gains during the story (that works, for some reason) is just... throw the WoL at them. Like what, did people in the story just know we'd gotten enough exp to hit level 70 or something? I get the concept of growth, but I'm not getting how the WoL who is already killing gods just runs around with lizzers for a bit and becomes an order of magnitude stronger.
tbh my issue was never him beating us, just the manner in which he does it (I was mostly countering the claim that ranjit was worse narratively.  I think realistically they have an equal claim to power considering the WoL isn't special in a meaningful way.).  The end of the single-player-trial is just an arena wide AoE that instantly downs you.  It probably would have had the same effect on me had I not avoided and made jokes out of every single one of his other mechanics in the trial.    If his swords that you're required to kill to make a safespot one shot you and also mathematically had too much hp for even the best dps to kill in time that'd have been enough for me.
To be fair, he doesn't acquired the AE until near the end of Stormblood, IIRC.
Ranjit is more subtle.  Think about it, almost everyone on the First is young, because the First is an absolute hellscape where nobody lives long enough to become old.  And then we have this random guy come along during a blatant military strike who seems to be older than anyone else around (barring the Viis, and even then he's probably older than a bunch of them) by quite a large margin.  That alone should set off alarm bells and red flags, as the player remembers a relevant saying:  "Beware of an old man in a profession where men usually die young."  I will agree that the implementation of that is arguably not as well done as Zenos, but I feel Ranjit was massively underrated as the opponent in a forced loss battle.
More like, because he is related to >!Emet-Selch/Solus.!<
So why does it stop perma-stunning then? It's not like it hits less hard. It hits *harder!*  Like I said, he uses that attack *multiple times* before you get perma-stunned. Why does it take 20 hits the first time, 20 hits the second time, and then *never happens again ever?*
...*what* unmarked spoilers? I legitimately don't have any idea what you're referring to. I've even spoiled *less* by not specifying who "Zenos" is until after you did. I didn't say anything at all about what happens in 6.3, other than an unwinnable fight. What are you talking about?
PLL?
Yes
The more you know.....
Yeah, they are the little Zenos inside the WoL that we keep suppressed with a lot of willpower, empathy, fistbumps, and head nods.  The WoL is one bad upbringing away from testing everyone's  reflexes.
I preferred Ranjit to Zenos, for similar reasons to you.  Plus Ranjit had some sort of weird dragon thing boosting him on top of being a badass old man.  Zenos just came across as cliche 'riiiiiival so he has to push you' bullshit.
Why is that in any way relevant? I don't understand.  >!It's not like having an Ascian-puppeted body as your biological parent *affects* anything. The Solus body is just a Garlean that happens to look like Emet-Selch did before the Sundering. Solus had two sons, and the elder died incredibly young almost immediately after fathering Varis--if being related to an Ascian made that much of a difference, why wasn't Lucius hardier? Which brings up a second question, why was Varis not even more special than Zenos, being more closely related to Solus? And it's not like Solus was a prime specimen--he was relatively ordinary for a Garlean, other than living beyond 80.!<
Because we've grown stronger, literally, by MSQ level standards.
>Like I said, he uses that attack multiple times before you get perma-stunned. Why does it take 20 hits the first time, 20 hits the second time, and then never happens again ever?  He hits you with it multiple times and he knocks you back each time. It's only after he gets bored of you after you take about 10% of his health down that he hits you a final time and the fight ends.  Then his katana breaks and he leaves.
Public Live Letter, aka "Letter from the Producer Live." The things Yoshi-P hosts every now and then.
>!They confirmed in an interview that Zenos had the Amarot dreams due to being Emet’s descendant and that it had skipped a few gens. There was also the story about Lucius being massive physically whilst Emet’s puppet and his wife were regular sized. So the Galvus line does have Emet genes rather than just the puppet body genes and they seem to have presented the strongest in Zenos. We can’t really apply real world biology when it’s a world with magic and possession.!<
[removed]
"Curse you, Yoshi-P!!"
But if that's the case, the "explanation" is meaningless. It tells us nothing. If the conclusion is, "well, it's because it's fantasy, so our science doesn't apply," then they needed to explain the rules for how this could happen--or else it's literally exactly the same as waving your hands and saying "a wizard did it."
That is not even the tip of the iceberg. Pay attention to the quest names when doing FATEs, side quests, and the MSQ. If you think it's a reference to something, there's a 98% chance that it is.
It's a GOT reference https://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Come-into-my-castle
Nah, OP thinks it's lewd. Somehow.
Anything and everything can be misconstrued as being lewd.
There are plenty of those as well, but I agree that is not one of them.
I would pay all the money for this in the mogstation.
omg love to see my two hobbies collide like this! Awesome art OP!
There are tears in my eyes because I know I can never wear this. My heart is despairing because this is not in my life.
I do hope we get a great serpant (praise be) themed hatching tide eventually
omg i need this as a real dress! fellow lolita here, well kinda havent worn it in forever but wish i could every day!
Aw, fun! Great art!!
same!! >w<
thank you!!!
screee dresss (none left)
yessss!! we need more screeeeeeeee
me also haven't worn it in forever so I draw my wol in it xDDD
thank you!!
did you do five _different_ command missions?
OP, I did mine just last week. Although it’s a level 50 mission, for some reason I found it in the middle tab (below level 40 missions). Just make sure you meet all 3 stats to pass it.
I got stuck there once too, for me it had turned out, I was in the wrong tab of the mission selections. Didn't notice the squares on top of the list lets you select another type of missions.    it should show up in the routine mission tab (the orange button) iirc.    I don't know about the quest tho other than that it maybe shows up after you completed the flagged mission?    Anyway, hope it'll work out for you!
Unless I am badly misremembering something, I think you need to have completed 10 different Command Missions.
How high are your squad's levels?  Higher level missions won't appear if they're not high enough level.
Yeah I just want to ask the same thing, they need to be unique
Correct. 5 different command missions. Brayflox, Vault, Stone Vigil, Halatali, Pharos, are ones that I have completed with the green checkmark next to them. I forgot to include "unique" in the OP, which I just fixed
Wait, the bottommost mission I see on that list is "Allied Maneuvers"  Is it possible that I need to go through the missions in order to see it pop up? I don't have any lvl 40 missions
I've checked each tab prior to making the post. I've even watched a video of someone showing how to go about becoming a Captain of your chosen GC, and their sergeant had a quest marker above their head, and the mission was there. The bottommost mission I see is "Allied Maneuvers"
It's ten for the emotes and they can be the same. 5 different missions or the special missions and I never had that not appear. Probably another pre-requisite not met.
All 8 are lvl 60
You will need to, ya.
Aha! I knew I was misremembering! Maybe the missing prerequisite is the Rank 3 Hunting Log? I'm assuming that since the OP is a Storm First Lieutenant, he met the requirements for that rank.
The rank 3 Hunting Log is not required. The previous rank and level 50 would however be required afair.
* I was doing an alliance raid as a healer. * I died. * The whole raid died. * Before my co-healer died, they ressed me. * I accepted it. * The boss respawned on top of me and I died again.
Once while doin a Expert roulette things were going well. Large pulls, good dps good heals got to and killed the first boss with no issue.   Then at the very next pack the tank pulls a single. I sat there for a sec wondering why the warrior suddenly slowed down and then it dawned on me.   I was the tank and promptly pulled the rest up to the gate. I explained it and we all had a good laugh.
Ate an AOE in one of the Nier raids, and instead of waiting for the raise as usual, clicked "Return" because I thought I'd be able to get back into the fight and I'd save the healers raising me for the 30th time; only remembered while I was running back to the arena that "teleport into area" only happens when you're trying to access it for the first time. Felt very, very stupid and useless watching the rest of the fight from the outside.
I tend to accept prompts that pop up without paying attention to them, like ready checks and things like that. So I’ll be having a conversation with my friend and he’ll teleport to the Gold Saucer or someplace while I’m zoned out and I’ll accept his teleport offer without thinking.  Then five minutes after I land at the Aetheryte I’ll finally stop and wonder “wait, how did I just get to the Gold Saucer?” We call them my “fugue state teleports.”
I'm a newish healer playing WHM. Queue into brand new dungeon. Tank starts pulling just so many packs. I'm running a long, hitting aero, trying to figure out when they're gonna stop so I can spam holy.   Finally stops. I get in one holy and realize tank's health is dropping a lot. No worries. Throw on Regen. Start hitting cure 2. Somehow they're getting hit so much that it's still just dropping. Finally hit benefic. Somehow the health is still low.   Tank dies. In the like 2 seconds before we wipe, I realize that I was never actually targeting the tank. Somehow just forgot I had to do that. Was healing myself the whole time.
I started as Paladin and spun around the boss for an embarrassing amount of time before reading not to do it on Reddit.
Was doing some random 60 roulette as a whm and pretty much forgot how to heal entirely, wiped on the first w2w, tank asked if I wanted smaller pulls, replied along the lines of nah my just brain melted there.
I was level 78 on MNK when Beast Chakras "clicked" in my brain. 18 levels I ignored that side of MNK and only did my combos without ever using the Perfect Balance/Beast Chakra finishers.   It literally went from my most disliked DPS to second favorite one just under NIN. :')
Throughout 7 years, many  I was doing callouts in sophia ex and told people where to go, but at the time I had started getting tired bc current content, hours of prog, etc, and I in my infinite wisdom had a moment where I stuck around where I was and promptly got yeeted off the platform  I was doing my sch zeta while progging o11s. I forgot I had my atma equipped. We went at least 3 wipes in before I noticed something was off with my heals and lo, I had forgotten to swap to a weapon with actual stats
I've made myself mad twice this month by thoughtlessly turning in Wondrous Tails on a level 90 toon.  Twice.
i fell asleep in during a neir raid....
My biggest absent-minded moments happen when I'm healing and forget I'm healer, especially if I'm SCH in some low level ARR dungeon. Many tanks have died due to my spacing out.
Literally any board you can fall off of - yeet
Any wall boss, notably P8S phase 2 during natural alignment my mind will just wander off if wipes keep hitting, and as a melee dps ill flex when I'm not meant to simply because my eyes just glaze over and the last four pulls I've been switching sides.  Usually wake back up after I murder the team once and I'm fine after but seems to happen during every boss without a positional requirement and wipes be wiping.
P1 TEA absent minded, numbed
First time into e12n and proceeded to no thoughts-head empty and used displacement instead of engagement in the opener and yeeted myself off the platform.  To this day I don't have displacement on my RDM bars.
Biggest one for me was doing a roulette with two friends, and we end up in Sastasha. I'm a DRK and it's my first time tanking, I had played other jobs to cap, but I never really tanked. However, because I'm used to healing and I understood the concept of tank cooldowns well enough, I figured doing big pulls would be fine.  There was a problem though. I forgot I was only with two friends, and neither of them were the healer. Cue me leaving this poor lalafell sprout, fresh to the game, their first dungeon ever, in the dust as I run off to grab everything, only to die because they have no idea what's happening. I made it clear that it wasn't their fault, but I'm sure that was a very interesting first dungeon experience for them.
Just recently ran off the Bismark platform before the chains dragged him in. Fuck my life.
Played WHM in Shisui with a friend. Final w2w pull and the DRK starts taking damage and I just try to heal them as usual. Their health doesn't go up. "Huh weird." Their HP is rapidly dropping into the "oh shit" zones and I start panic unloading all the heals - Tetra, Lilies, Bene, hell even Cure 2. Nothing works and the tank dies and the adds unleash their fury on the poor dps while I quickly get them up, wondering why none of my heals worked.  Then it hit me right after.  I was targetting myself.   Apologized profusely to the DRK while my friend was laughing their ass off in VC. They didn't reply but I got two comms when it was over lmao
I have moments like this, however my worst habit is literally falling asleep for a few moments whilst playing. The amount of times I've run in before everyone and pulled the boss as healer or dps because I'm sat there asleep.
Felt bored and decided to help some group clear P7S. I’ve cleared P7S many, many times so I’m more than confident.   For those who haven’t done P7S, there’s a mechanic where the party gets knocked back, and then a stack marker explodes on the healers, so you want two parties of 4 people each to get knocked back to different corners, SE and SW.  I kept going to the SW party and everyone in SE would die. I just assume people who aren’t me are screwing up because I’ve cleared this fight like 10 times — and done this mechanic correctly like 50 times…  That poor group suffered like, 4 wipes before I realized what I was doing. And I was supposed to be the helper…
When I'm spaced out, I accidentally open the duty finder menu and leave. It's totally not on purpose, but sometimes, especially when I died, my brain goes afk and I click on random things.  I wouldn't worry about those kind of mistakes. Sometimes you just do "interesting" stuff, and it's fine.
I was too lazy to think once and was about to buy the metallic dye from mogstation because I forgot it could be bought in-game. Thank god my friend had stopped me
Forgotten my job stone twice and only twice. I have zero recollection how I was without them, but oh god they were some real one fear moments. Once as GLD--with team consent, went "Fuck it we ball" and ran with it. Once as ARC--ON BAELSAR'S WALL. The shame hit me so hot, I apologized and insta-bailed.  Also once my partner, relatively new to panda, recalled the floor hole mechanic--got excited when they saw things begins to shift, and immediately threw themselves in before it sealed and died.
I got KO in a boss room as the tank and mindlessly hit return before the healer rezzed me…We wiped in that fight because of lacking our meat shield.
I turned on auto run in labyrinth of the ancients, and tabbed out for a second. Tabbed back in just in time to run into the atomos boss before like 3/4 of the people could catch up and royally fucked over the entire raid. That one ached.
Was adjusting something on my HUD and somehow managed to click “Reset to default”, “Yes” on the are you sure pop up, and then “Save” before realizing what the fuck I just did.  Was absolutely livid for the next hour plus that I had to spend rebuilding my HUD from scratch.
Run into the traps and become a frog in POTD. Works like a charm every time, and I was the only one becoming a frog for the whole duration of the POTD session.
RDM main, first time fighting Suzaku. I was being so careful about the hole in the middle that I displaced myself right off the outside edge.
Mount farmed for hours without asking anyone to be my dance partner.  Hours.
I fully forgot about which components were for the HW relics, and cleared them all from inventory. 1000’s of tomes poof. Lol
Thought the Tank was bad.   I was not standing anywhere near the enemy mobs.  &#x200B;  Well... I was casting Holy.  Yeah.
Oh I totally have hit Return more than once by accident...while a rez was there to accept lol. I'd say maybe every six months or so I just nervous fumble click it. Oh well
That’s a wow thing yeah?
I did this as a SCH on Shisui of Violet Tides last night. Forgot to Excog the tank and then cast Lustrate on myself instead when trying to heal them.  We wiped. Did it again, and I got better.
One of my FC mates forgot that he had his Gae Bolg equipped when he joined a PF progging the most recent trial.  Mr. Happy's PF for progging the ex.  Someone finally noticed well into the fight.
This was after previously being rezzed, booked into the center, misjudged and then died. The healer rightfully laughed at me.
It’s actually bad practice to do in WoW too. It’s just something people do because they like to move around and dont yet understand the harm in doing it. It’s just as bad/annoying in WoW as it is in FF
Having played WoW 15+ years... it is definitely not a WoW thing. It's more-so a "new to MMOs" thing.
I have no idea, never touched the stuff
Sounds like that wasn't the case here, but yeah on wow there aren't possible and by spinning the boys you can delay autos by the sounds of it
Haha I totally feel the panicked self-heal :’)
The bottom right one is obviously [Masayoshi Soken](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masayoshi_Soken)
Bottom left is foxclon I'm pretty sure.  (Toshio M.)
Cool thanks! 😎
Man, that's Dave from Accounts Payable.
Be funny if hr signed one of the books and didn't tell anyone
This is so fun! Thanks for making this!
Me getting everything wrong because I don't remember HW locations very well: "Such destination! This was not the right location"
Been waiting for this! Thank you so much!
Borderline unplayable on mobile (android), when swiping to move the image in any direction, upon letting go of the screen the image will bounce back in the opposite direction. Have to veeeeeerrryy sloooowly move my finger and even then it sometimes still jumps.   Hope you can look into that because this seems super fun!
shows I play this game too much when I can get 495+ consistently.  some spots were really tricky and I really liked that, I'm having a lot of fun with this, doing a good job!
Azys La is almost unfair as to which map the place is in.  I did poorly in the ARR one, but as a good HW fan, this one has been a breeze.  Nice job! Can't wait for the next ones.
[Nailed it.](https://puu.sh/JDNRE/2199551db3.png)  Glad to see this works on Edge now. Can't wait to see more.
Oh I am going to waste so much time in class with this
this is amazing, even works like a charm on mobile, thanks a lot for doing this!!!
Will we ever be able to play against friends/other people? Loving it so far great job!
Question, if I may!  Are these all based on "normal"/sunny weather? Are you not paying attention to weather?  Will you do all locations with all weather types for a slightly harder mode? :eyes:
Woo, Heavensward!  I got a 495 on my first try. I know too much about this game.
Thank you!
Yeah I'm planning on changing the results comments, I'm not fond of it right now
Also on Android; I did not have these problems. Just an fyi.
Me and my friend both played it on Android without issues as well.
The big issue with Steam Deck controls is the location of the D-Pad. I've heard people with suggestions to remap those buttons to the L4/5 R4/5 buttons on the back, but I've never tried that personally.  If you are doing content that doesn't require you to move with the analog and use the D-Pad at the same time, the system is pretty nice though.
Since I got into ff14 last November, I've clocked 980hrs purely on the deck. The game's controller support is superb. Just watch [this controller guide](https://youtu.be/vOFHeZxJOgo) to setup your control scheme and you are good to good. Rest you can pick up as you play.
Unless you really, really want to use mods, just downloading the Steam edition will probably be the quickest, easiest setup on the Steam Deck.   I just wanted to get in and say this before the symphony of "Never Steam Edition" starts -- my anecdotal evidence from a few people I know was it was much simpler.
So would it be fair to say regular questing and jobs are more suited for the deck(casual play). But for end game content like raids and etc. I would be better off on PC? If so that works as I can just do reg questing and farming on the deck and for the raids and etc. I can use the time when I am on my PC at home! Sounds like really though its pretty good on the deck and mostly just messing with binds until comfortable. Which is what I was hoping for!
I've had luck remapping the dpad to the right touchpad. Still not as good as the 360 controller, but still pretty good.
Yeah if someone has never played before and doesn't have an existing account and wants to play it a lot on the deck I'd agree, go for the steam version. Honestly I wish I could have both the steam and nonsteam versions linked (I have both versions for ESO for example, as long as you start with a non-steam version you can link a steam version to your account and log into either client. Steam just autologs you in which is the reason I got it lol But I don't believe steam ff14 auto logs you in so less incentive there)  If you're already comfortable installing non-steam games in general on the deck(just did it for ff14 last week actually), its pretty easy, but more can go wrong and you'd have to feel comfortable installing non-steam games (either via lutris which can use either the 3rd party launcher or the native installer, you get a choice for both) or even just installing via steam add non-steam app and pointing it at the ff14 installer). And I know a lot of people don't want to do it that way or don't play non-steam games on their deck.
Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the Steam edition? I've only ever used that version and didn't know there was issues with it. I use mods through Dalamud and have never had a problem on PC. Or is that specifically advice for steam deck users?
honestly 90% of it is setting up cross hotbar in a way that you like. just like console.   I personally wouldn't want to do endgame raiding on controller, but people do it just fine on playstation.  personally I have double cross hot bar and L2+r2 r2+L2 enabled. then i always display double cross on screen, and have my longer CD's on it so I can see them, I also enabled the setting that makes it so once you select something from double cross it switches back to whatever trigger you're holding.   so for example I doubletap R2 and hold (which brings up hotbar 3), hit hallowed ground and it puts me back on just "holding R2" (which is hotbar 1.)
I recently saw someone who plays FFXIV exclusively on steam deck clear an ultimate, so clearing high end content is most definitely doable. It's probably more up to personal comfort and remapping things to what works for you. I know of a couple others who play on the deck without problem as well.
I have played very little of this game but other MMOs extensively. From wht I have read it is a huge majority saying to not use the steam version but ill decide that when I get there! I have no worries/issues using sideload apps or etc. I used to do a lot of console modding/VR sideloading, so most likely will go that route! But also im not far enough into it to see a need for mods, but is it similar to WoW mods youre talking about(timers and etc.)? Thanks guys for all the info! Excited to get the deck tomorrow and check it out.
Nothings wrong with it. I use it. It works great. What didn't work great was trying to install it as a Non-Steam game lol.   But yeah, my advice is just referring to playing on Steam Deck.
Mods are bit complicated in this game, as they are officially not supported. They can't see you using them unless you talk about it, so don't talk about it. (basically using the 3rd party launcher  you can load plugins for various things such as chat bubbles)  In most cases its better not to use the steam version as that locks you into steam, you cannot have the windows version and the steam version on the same account.  Otherwise its the same exact game.  On the Deck, I used discover to install the XIVlauncher (the 3rd party launcher), then created a shortcut to steam with it via add non-steam game(then renamed it and used the decky plugins to choose art).   You can make no changes and install the game via that launcher, or tweak it to point to, say, your SDcard.(You'd have to use flatseal to allow permissions for the launcher to see the card though). Do not set custom compatibility, XIVlauncher through discover is linux based and handles that.  On steam, I believeyou'd just download from the store and go, hence it is much simpler for people not as comfortable messing around with desktop mode. The game runs great with controller support, either the built in deck or using another controller via bluetooth. It's designed for controllers as well as M&K.  But otherwise they're the exact same game once you're logged in, except xivlauncher lets you install plugins once you're in the game.  However, if you already have it, the method depends on which version you got. IF you're on the free windows trial, you can buy the steam edition just fine, or the windows edition. If you're on the steam trial, you have to buy the steam edition.  Once you've input a code, you're locked into that system. (you can, however, have windws+PS5 or steam+ps5, just not steam+windows)
Unfortunately, this is on you for not paying attention to your emails/announcements. This isn't some big secret that demolision was only disabled temporarily. You signed up to being a part of this system when you purchased a house. As such, there's nothing to be done.  I'm sorry you lost your house, but there's nothing we can do
"This thing happened when I wasn't playing"  "Yeah that's how the game goes"  "You all suck! Why aren't you all just giving me sympathy?? "
Don’t they send email notifs when you’re coming up on demo?
It's clearly stated how all of this works.  You were notified. Multiple times.  You're not going to get sympathy for something that is your fault.
I haven't even ever had a realistic chance for a house. So why having empathy for someone that is "lowered" to my level of a filthy appartment owner in the Lily Hills?  Be prepared for small rooms, limited plumbing and being the only one cleaning the Chocobo stable despite 6 other rentors park theirs in it.... MUAHAHAHAHA.  (That's why I also spend time at Miounne's - free breakfast and housekeeping)
Today is Friday and there's a rant thread on the main page pinned.   Folks might have sympathy, but at the end of the day it's how the system works and they notified as they were suppose to. It's not on the game at that point. We see a lot of vents and anger, some justified and some not, so you're not likely to get a ton of commiseration.
>I thought demolition was disabled  That is the thing. When you care so much about something, you shouldn't just \*think\* but rather \*know\*, by informing yourself how to be extra sure that something you care about isn't at risk.
Housing demolition was turned back on in January. It's on you to keep track of that.
At least it was just a small, and most of your items can be crafted again. If you do buy another house later, make sure you stay on top of demolition news and check your emails.   You need to enter your house at least  once within 45 days to keep your house. If you don't play or can't play that often, then an apartment would indeed be best.
They send you like 2-3 warning emails, and they flat out tell you you have to enter the estate atleast once a month to reset the timer. This is 100% on you. If it wasn't for this system half the houses on servers would be from players who haven't logged in for months I bet
It’s unfortunate, but the reality is…this is the housing system. SE has made it clear that auto demo is back on and of what happens to your home and stuff if you don’t visit or collect in time. They even sent you an email that it was happening. I’m sorry you were going through a tumultuous time, but you can’t really blame the game for how you feel about losing your house.
Housing demolition isn't anything new, its 45 days from the last time you enter your estate.     This is known.
You are coming off like an entitled brat.
>I swear you people aren't even human.  rofl
There's (usually) only so many housing plots.  That's why demo was introduced in the first place.  Suspended demo during natural disasters and the like is just a mercy to those already going through the shpit.  Sorry you lost your stuff, but my guess is you wouldn't have missed it 30 days ago.
There is a lot going on in this thread  I was under the impression that Demos were only halted around the start of Endwalker when they introduced the lottery system (And it was bugged to hell and back), and then resumed in January 2023. If you stopped playing more than 1 month before that, or if you didn't come back within a month of 6.3 release, then you would have lost your house to the auto-demo system. You might think it unfair to you, and to be honest I feel you on thinking the housing system in this game is botched, but the auto-demo system is there to prevent a player from buying a house, then quitting the game for an extended period of time (Or never coming back) and taking up a neighborhood slot that is, essentially, going entirely unused. It opens up slots for active players to get houses as opposed to someone who isn't playing the game, for any reason, like you.   It sucks, but that is, and always has been how the housing system works in this game. There isn't any sense really in being so angry at people for pointing out how it works. The housing system sucks, yeah. I personally would prefer something akin to Everquest 2's housing system, but we have what we have here. Regardless of the reasons, it is on you for not being able to log in.  But in the end, its video game real estate. Why care so much about it?
- The game told you how shit works when buying your plot of land  - you got notified more than once in your email about your house getting demolished if you don't enter in it   Yeah, it's totally your fault.
The demolition system exists for a reason and you are not special. It's unfortunate for you but that's how it is and that's the rule. This should be a hard lesson learned for you. If you are disappointed about this, just stop playing.
There was a temporary halt in Feb on the auto housing demolition process, but sure that was due to an earthquake and the timer resumed a few days later.
The player base in general are hostile to home owners and will never be sympathetic to anybody who complains about losing their house.  Imagine someone who loses every single lottery round after round after round.  They are prob too pissed off to be sympathetic.  I honestly feel bad for you OP.  I don't think you deserve people being nasty to you OP but I think the housing demolition system is fair.  You get an email warning and you have the in game timer that you can check.  45 days to log in once and reset is fair, in my opinion.
This sub hates anyone that complains and anyone that has a house so you are out of luck.   In all seriousness, yeah it sucks, but if you are not playing the game they can't really you communicate you in-game about the house demolition right?
Housing demolition is a solution put upon the player in response to a problem SE created. Turning some casual subscriptions into a captive audience.  Is it the current state of things? Sure. It also sucks and should have never been a thing. Fuck housing.  Edit: to the downvoters, I got a house on Sarg lav beds ward 23 about to go up for demo this week. Done paying for it. Go pick it up~
I just don't understand how people can actually defend having to micromanage external communications for a simple game house.  This is the first online game I've ever had to deal with something like this.
Thanks for proving my point genius.
I had to go back and look for it.  There was apparently an email in february, but it got lost in the sea of all my other mail since I've had the same email account ever since gmail was a thing.
Obviously not clear enough.  I wasn't expecting to lose my house when I was still paying a subscription.
I actually did this on my last server.  I always had a couple brooms in my inventory for this reason.
This is why I stopped using reddit.  You people have absolutely zero empathy.
I'll just stick with my apartment.  Investing my time and resources into getting a house just gives me one more thing to worry about which I really don't need.
If you are still paying a subscription it shouldn't matter.
>but you can’t really blame the game for how you feel about losing your house  Like hell I can't.
I didn't know the details surrounding demolition until today.  Last time I read about it was months ago when it was still disabled.
Then learn to read.
That line sent me. Comedy gold.   I get being frustrated with people not sympathizing you, it sucks, but calling them non-human when they express coldness/apathy rather than cruelty is just funny. I could get if people were insulting OP, but they're not- they're just saying "sucks to suck."
I couldn't log in.  Why is demolition even a thing on servers that are virtually empty?
The halt was for EU and is demolition is still halted there. It has been on in all other data centers since January.
I was paying a subscription for most of that period, and my server is still almost entirely empty.  &#x200B;  >The player base in general are hostile to home owners  This is directly on Yoshi.  I get that people around here worship the guy, but his insistence on not having any sort of instanced housing besides the apartments just fosters resentment.
This is true, but I was paying a sub almost the entire period and the server is practically empty.  Obviously I'm in the minority here but I feel like both of those things should nix demolition.
It's ridiculous how people around here react to anyone who doesn't praise everything squeenix does.
"Micromanage external communication" 🙄 ... Are you serious? Just check your email, they have no other way to communicate with you outside of the game.
Oh, don't get me wrong, the system is definitely flawed. I'm not saying it's great. However, it clearly outlines how it works when you purchase a plot. I would know, I just purchased one not too long ago. It's not some big secret. That's all I'm saying.
Was anything preventing you from entering your house once a month?  Cause if you can do that there is nothing to micromanage
At least he is not angry
That sucks. I get a couple hundred emails a day on average but I do a lot of filtering and inbox rules. Started doing it after I missed a couple important emails a number of years back.
 >it got lost in the sea of all my other mail   Create folders and rules. Simple
Not clear enough for you, perhaps.   There comes a cost/benefit analysis limit to foolproofing something when there will *always* be a better fool.
this isn't about empathy.
They should have sent you an email, if not several emails, warning you about the impending demolition, along with steps to take to reset the timer.
You clearly had a vision of the replies you wanted and didn’t get them. I feel sympathy for what happened to you but you should absolutely not get upset at people who say anything other than specifically what you want and then accuse them of not having empathy. That’s extremely entitled
Honestly this is the way.  A few years ago my wife lost her ingame house. Life got in the way and we weren’t paying total attention. We were still subbed but she mistakenly thought that by paying and just entering the yard it would be ok.  It totally crushed our urge to play at the time. Later I got another house but it really doesn’t feel good to have something taken away (especially when you’re paying them).  Regardless of where the blame ultimately lies, it sucks my dude.
Honestly, I think you should try to move on from this. Being mad about losing a fake house that you didn’t pay any more for compared to someone who also pays a sub isn’t doing you any favours. There are so many available plots in Marilith too that you have a much much much higher chance of winning a home. Yeah I know you’re turned off from having a house now, but damn, you could totally get another one but choose to stay mad.
Lmao. The irony of someone who couldn't be arsed to read their own email telling *me* to learn to read.   You made a mistake, and now you're reaping the consequences. You need to learn from that instead of throwing a fit all over this subreddit. I don't know if you're turning your embarrassment into aggressiveness, or you're just entitled, but either way, it's neither rational nor pleasant. Turn off the computer, chill out, and chalk it up to life.
You got me.
Can confirm. I couldn't see any emails and I checked for announcements about it being re-enabled. It hasn't.
Yeah I agree, I have a small reminder to go inside my house every week just in case I have to unsub or something so I know in advance exactly when I'll have to pay my digital rent
They also do tell you in game under timers I think.
I shouldn't have to be constantly checking my email to see if squeenix sent me something when I already couldn't log into the game.  You shouldn't get demo'd if you are still paying a subscription.
I guess I should have payed more attention.  I never would have bought the house if I had known this is what it would be like.
Not being able to play at all, yes.  I hadn't been able to log in for a while, even though I was still paying a sub.  I didn't know you needed to actually enter the house.
I spent a whole day last month applying rules to emails that are coming in, deleted thousands of junk email etc. A real clean up and mass organising. It is such a game changer and much easier to keep on top of.
A couple hundred emails a day?!  Start unsubscribing from junk man....
I have like 30-40 filters for various things, I just never got around to making one for squeenix stuff.
Then you obviously don't have any.
I get so many emails I would have likely never seen it without making a special filter just for squeenix.
I was upset, and made a post about it.  I wasn't "expecting" anything, least of all getting dogpiled.
The irony of this comment
At least someone gets it.  I was also still subbed up until about a week ago.  It's seriously asinine that you can be paying a subscription and still lose your house.
Except I spent all of my gil on that house and it will be months before I could even afford another one.  I couldn't even get my gil back.
That's great if you can log into the game.
Emails are supposed to notify you of something... If an email doesn't get your attention it's an issue with how you use email.
It is not constant . They only send an email when its important .it is purely on you for not taking care of it
Why couldn't you log in?
“Constantly”? They give you your first notice 15 days out. That’s more than a little bit of head’s up.
ah, thats unfortunate, sorry to hear it then
Yeah, I recommend it to everyone. It’s life changing.
I do! A lot of it is newsletters and other stuff that I have a workflow for reading later, picking out articles and stuff.   You should see my work inbox though. Sometimes I get 10,000 emails a day. :)
certainly not for someone who was warned and knew how the system worked.  Edit: i guess i'm the "you people"
I feel for you for losing your house, but Square can't organize your email for you. It's disheartening for sure, and I can empathize as someone else who's been through the wringer these past few years, but at the end of the day, they *did* notify you, and they also gave a rundown on how it works when you win a house. Housing on a lot of other NA worlds is bad enough that demo times are kind of necessary, but it also makes sense the new server wouldn't be excluded from the rest of NA being taken off the demo exception list despite the housing rush not being as tight, since they're trying to increase the number of active players on those worlds.
Paying a subscription doesn't mean you're using the house. Housing is unfortunately a limited resource so demolition is dependent on if you're actually using the house.
I've always been fairly outspoken on the specific issue with housing. SE has plenty of things to praise them for, and plenty of things to be critical about. This just happens to be the latter for me.      The idea that they can take your money and then still tell you when you need to log in, all because they've normalized the idea that instead of fixing their system its punishable on the player side is troubling to me. This isn't some daily reward you miss out on, some positive reinforcement hook. This is them actively removing your stuff, and frankly if I want that experience I'll play more Destiny 2.  I don't know if I'm less forgiving but maybe I'm willing to concede something when it comes to not having an active subscription for a very long time?! That time limit still needs to be much further out than it is. I still don't agree with it, but if it moved the needle on the issue at all I might take it.      I WANT to say housing isn't worth it, but I also want everyone to be able to have their own if they choose to. I WANT se to actually fix their scalability and not kick that can down the road endlessly. I suspect it's far too late for that though.
Level some crafters and gatherers if you haven't yet. Farm Eureka and Bozja a bit for some rarer drops. New patch is dropping soon so markets will be hot. You can make 3 or 4 million gil in a very short time.
You get a lot of Gil by doing daily roulettes. Need and greed on EVERYTHING and turn it in for GC seals to buy stuff that can be sold on the marketboard. I’ve had a lot of luck with Materiel Container 3.0s and have received a lot of minions to be sold for decent amounts of Gil.   I’m not sure what the marketboard is like in Marilith, but there’s a lot of profit to be made for crafted items below level 80. If you’re levelling crafters and are already crafting the items to turn-in, make a spare one to sell because there’s bound to be someone who doesn’t want to make the item themselves. Playing the marketboard can be overwhelming or tedious, but if you can determine what will reliably sell, taking into account how much time you need to put in to gather and craft, you can make quite a bit for low effort.   Your retainers can also bring you back some really rare stuff too, so make sure you’re sending them out on quick explorations every hour. If you’re doing your GC turn ins for gear and crafted/gathered items, you’ll have plenty of Ventures to keep on sending them.  Hope this helps!
You're the one complaining about getting messages out of game.
I just won't ever buy a house in this game again.
Irl stuff.
10k emails a day for work sounds like a major problem lmao.
I envy you. Everytime I try, I end up forgetting my folders exist and with a million things pinned. I get a ton of automatic reports too and they just chill.
This is the only online game in existence to function like this.  Had I known this is what would happen I would have never bought the house in the first place.
Reading is hard apparently.
I shouldn't be contingent on email notification to begin with.  I was still paying a subscription for most of that timeframe.  Requiring you to actually enter the house even when you are already paying them is stupid.
A limited resourced on a server that's still almost entirely empty.
Gathering I have, crafting is still a ways out unfortunately.  I have one crafter in the 80's, 5 in the 40's, and the other two in between somewhere.
I do as many of the roulettes as I can, it's a chunk of how I got the gil for the house initially.  I've been using the dungeon loot to somewhat passively level desynth so when I decide to get more serious about it, it won't take as long.  Retainers I haven't really touched in terms of having them actually do things.  I've been using them for storage and for putting stuff on the market.  I appreciate you taking the time to try and help :)
...
Yeah, sounds like it. This game doesn't make special rules for special situations. Everyone is subject to the same rules, and in this case it means you enter the house every 45 days, with a courtesy email reminder when that's almost up, or you lose it. A player on Gilgamesh and a player on Halicarnassus have to follow the same rules.
Good. Houses should only be for people who actually understand the housing system lol
It’s pretty horrendous! I spent like 5 hours a few months back setting up fairly meticulous rules but it doesn’t change the actual email volume.   Most of its just noise too. Super frustrating lol.
The whole point of requiring entry into the house is to incentivize people to actively use the thing they're depriving other people of. The housing system is obviously very flawed, but this particular incident is still entirely on you. I'm not sure what else to say.
Because it doesn't matter if you're paying or even if you're actively playing the game. It's about if you're actually using the house.
[removed]
That is mostly why I have separate email address for my ffxiv . So no other email come it apart from ffxiv ones
and you're an entitled whiner hiding on an alt account  go cry somewhere else instead of harassing people
Says the one doing the harassing.  This is my only account.
You can get guaranteed platinum card packs from the every-other-week tournaments, depending on your score. I generally get 3 a week.  Yes, it sucks trying to get the FF Protagonist cards, but you'll get them eventually. Maybe. ...right?  (Stupid Firion card...)
Still missing the Tidus card for ages now... A nice bonus would be if they put a tournament *every week* instead of one every two. That way we may at last get double the chances to get the packs.
You can definitely get Top 3 without win trading. I've managed to do it a handful of times.  I'm currently in a never ending cycle of trying to get the Tidus card (Which is the last Tournament card I need). I just fucking hate Rowena's Cup because I always feel like I get screwed.
I thought it's always been that way? You need every card including the EX/Dissidia ones for the patch it releases, outside of the card mount.     I could be wrong though.     Either way, I feel you. I just need Cecil and I'm free...
I just want the Cecil card so I can play stupid decks and not care about my score…  I wanna stun people with my triple Y’shtola deck.  Instead, in the past 3 tournaments, I think I’ve gotten a Tidus, a Lightning, and *two* Firions.
I feel your pain, been failing to get Lightning for actual literal years by now. My penance for getting the other rares within a reasonable time frame. By now it's almost obscene how many times I've gotten those and they don't even have the good taste to be worth heaps of mgp as a consolation prize.
Eventually! Eventually...  &#x200B;  the triple triad grind is all a ruse to make people pay more for subs so they can make it to the bi-weekly tournaments, I'm on to them now
We’d also avoid missing the ones we get because we get the weeks confused
I've been trying in tournaments constantly, and nobody's ever there no matter how long I wait, and when I check the results at the end of the week, I'm suddenly pushed off the results by like twenty people with perfect 20 wins and 2,416 points, huuuuuuh??? 💀  Godsspeed, may your next platinum packs be generous...
I will admit I'm a bit late on the triple triad collector grind, but either way... Oogh. Oooooooogh.  Best of luck. Just one more pack, surely, surely...
The whole game is a ruse to get people paying for their subs ha, its kinda the point 😂    i just did the fortnightly tournaments and got 2-3 platinum packs each time playing purely against the npcs each time. Luckily it only took me a few months to get all the ex cards, but i wouldnt worry about it too much and just take it as it comes. Ex cards can be a longterm goal as nothing really needs them, at worst you’ll be a patch behind getting the achievements and thats really it.
I guess it largely depends on your sever. On Aether I can largely get matches so long as it's not late at night or early morning. Obviously Tuesdays, Wednesdays and weekends tend to have larger pools of people.  Win trading is extremely tedious as there are systems that try to prevent that.
Ooh I love this, she did great! Cool style!
Cool art! Though I absolutely support that hedgehog is the best minion! We need more arts with hedgehog minion in the name of hedgehog God! Ahem, sorry...
I love the hedgehog, its a new Dark Knight aspect :D
Mmm, I don't know, I kind of like not knowing what's going next
A more helpful QoL change would be an "Interrupt Cutscenes" option in the skip cutscenes menu.
I'd prefer to have a way of abandoning cutscenes instead...
I can think of more qol changes that Id like to see before this
QoL change I'd like to see: The blue quest icon for unlocking Savage, Extreme, Coils of Bahamut, all have their blue color changed to purple to indicate "High-End Duty." Because I can't stress to people enough to not do "All blue quests."
Bro they all have cutscenes
I'd like a way to not play the quest start/end music on accepting or finishing a quest. sometimes you get in the mood and its spoiled by that stupid jingle, same with joining and leaving fates while flying on  your mount vibing to the music. is a real drag in the final zone of EW... :(
FYI:  Generally when you're accepting the quest, if there's a picture above the quest text,  there's a CS involved.
This would be nice. Sometimes I find myself in queue as a DPS doing MSQ quests, and a cutscene ensues. In the middle of said cutscene, duty pops and I can’t confirm because “I’m busy” or something along those lines.    It’s weird, some cutscenes I can confirm the duty pop and some I can’t. So I’m not sure what differentiates then lol but yes this would be nice.
I guess for me, if I have limited time left before I have to stop playing and do something, it would be nice to know if there is a one minute cutscene or a series of cutscenes taking 10-15 minutes.  There are times when I can't really sit through a long one, but I don't want to just bypass it because I want to see the story when I have time.
no thanks
Hold on, there are interactions in FFXIV that don't result in a cut scene?
I'd rather get a sense of how LONG they are once the warning comes rather than just "a series of cutscenes, make sure you have time" cause sometimes it's like five minutes and other times it's a whole feature film and while there are times when I do expect a loooooong series, other times I've been quite surprised at just how much they were going to provide.
I don't want to sound rude but this almost sounds like a bit - MSQ pacing already telegraphs cutscenes incredibly well, and anything that's long enough to warrant an explicit heads up has one already. There's also so many that an indicator like this would be functionally useless. I'd rather them work on *actual* problems with the cutscene system, like the inability to leave them without skipping if something does come up somehow.
No  I want CT raids moved to something other than alliance raid roulette.
“Many of us” i.e. “me and my one friend myself and my other friend I”
If there’s a picture when you accept a quest that means there’s a cutscene during the quest, but I could see someone not realizing or just clicking wildly through
If we’re on the subject of QOL , I wish there was a buyback option, sometimes my smooth brain doesn’t read or misclicks and I end up buying something I don’t need with my tomes. Would be nice if they implemented a temporary buyback feature like in WoW.   Where after a certain time you can’t get ur refund. Unless I’m unaware of such a feature, than yes that please.
Nah absolutely not
Count me out. It's nice to get a little unexpected cutscene, and the game already has a text popup to warn you on longer ones.
Yea please I would love this
I think a better indicator would be for specifically *voiced* cutscenes. Almost all MSQ and side-quest steps involve at least *one* cutscene, so this would not be particularly useful in most contexts. However, if quest markers (especially quest progress markers) included a "this has voice" indicator...THAT could be useful. Because voiced cutscenes tend to be more in-depth and benefit from paying careful attention. Unvoiced stuff is often still important, but since it's only reading it's easier to digest things as you go.
Best QoL change would be talking to NPCs while mounted.
All I want is for the game to switch me to the class and gear I had when I queued for a duty automatically and allow me to join it.  I've lost so many duties because I figured I could quickly switch to a higher class to continue the MSQ and got stuck in a cutscene when the pop up comes up and I can't change back.
I'm really surprised that so many people are against this idea. SE could make it optional in the settings if they really wanted to.  There are a lot of cutscenes that are relatively short but more than 1-2 minutes that don't get the long cutscene warning. Not sure why people are bringing this up as a point against this QoL.
idk I dont wanna get spoiled that a cutscene is happening, as most of the time I would say ''oh so something big is coming up'' and it can affect the impact of whatever plot twist comes next imo
But why?
The ones that annoy me are the ones that have a solo duty as part of the sequence. You have to drop group before you start the cut scene or cancel and restart them. Either a market indicating that the quest will start a solo duty, or an option to drop group and start the duty would be very helpful.
Would LOVE this. I enjoy the cutscenes. I don’t enjoy when it’s late and I should log off and I’m in the middle of nowhere and I click a thing that warns me to abandon all hope ye who click, and to set aside 45 extra minutes.
Are these "many of us" in the room with us right now?
Who the hell queues for roulettes when doing MSQ anyway?
Ima be real with you chief. If you want this icon so you can skip cutscenes. Play a different game.
This was a quick and dirty mock-up of what it might look like, not great I know. I will submit a suggestion over in the Official Forums for the idea. Sometimes it's just nice being prepared for a lengthy cutscene and this might help with some frustrations we get.  Edit: I'm not a new player, I have been playing for 10 years. This isn't about missing a queue.
You literally get the warning when you get a lengthy cutscene  &#x200B;  Short ones dont need a warning, why? they are a minute tops
All msq quests has cut scenes
You get a warning for long cutscenes
This is completely useless, what does the tiny bit of information that it's a cutscene do?
Not needed. The quests warn you when you click them. This looks awful
Wait, who asked?
I don’t like it :\
I would like the option to skip cutscenes automatically.
Doesn't matter when you skip all the cutscences *sunglasses*
Wish they would just lock the door like when the fight starts except it opens when they're done.
On the flip side, I think certain generic icons could have more unique variations, like Chocobo porters' marker having a Chocobo head at the top.
So... all of them?
Or indication if you are going between locations
I rolled credits and went through the king cut scene at the end of ARR with a dumbass mask on AFTER using that bottle of fantasia and paying for a new outfit from mog station. Yeah I’m a. Dumbass
And if the cutscene is longer than 20 minutes, they add an icon of Gaius's head xd
the ones that matter.. well they all matter but the LONG ones do have this
No thanks
Cutscene related QoL feature that I want to see:  1. **Ability to start over or abandon current cutscene without completing the quest**. So many times I wanted to see the responses/dialogues from other NPCs but instead I accidentally clicked on the quest npc and lost my chance to read what others had to say. 2. **Settings for: Auto-advance voiced cutscenes only and click to advance for non voice-acted.** So many times I've stared at the NPCs face waiting for the next line thinking "wow thats a long dramatic pause", only to realize that its waiting for me to click. On the flipside, as a slow reader I've missed a lot of reading dialogues forgetting that auto-advance was on (yes I know I can read the dialogues from chat log).
Not really a QOL change but as I’ve been getting into gatherer and crafters, letting them have a toggle sprint as opposed to a cooldown like in pvp would be great given how many nodes are just close enough that mounting isn’t worth it.
They all technically are a cutscene anyway so I don't see the point, and ones that take super long they already warn you about.
I swear my fiancé was just making a comment this morning about this concept. I’m on fence because immersion breaking a bit but at same time it’d be nice if it was an option you could turn on
I'd like an option to just turn every single quest off on the map.
As a rule of thumb, if an MSQ has an image on the quest taking window, it includes cutscenes.
And can there also be icons to indicate how long they are? Like under 2 minutes, 3-5, 5-10, 10+? I just want to know what I’m committing to.
I'd like a "this quest has x minutes/hours of cutscenes" lol.
Sooooo all of them?
Would rather prefer of there were different icons for the many variety of blue quests that right now are used for everything from local leve quest unlocks to major raid unlocks. The alliances and trials in this game being called "optional side content" is a huge misnomer that many players and streamers don't initially get due to the mmo culture shock.   They miss out in doing it in sequence and regret it later when ffxiv's story draws them in, and they start to "get it". Creating a distinction helps eleviate that initial misunderstanding and give them a sense of importance.
no because its a minor spoiler
Hmm… I dunno about this guys. While it’s good to know in advance, i still have some reservations.
Hard pass. Knowing something is coming would ruin it
CHAT. BUBBLE.
Its MSQ, always expect a cutscene bro
What would really be helpful is if we could have an option to exit cutscene without having the game think we already watched it. There are so many times a roulette pops when Im on a different job and in a cutscene.   Of course there's the unending journey, but it breaks immersion if I have to go to visit the inn before progressing onto the next step in a quest.
Ya. We get so many cutscenes, too, it would kinda become visual noise.
kind of like the idea of chat bubbles if it is opt in then it wouldnt be a bad feature for those who want it
That's easy, make it a toggle.
This. The above icon is too immersion breaking, but the ability to reset any cutscene back to the beginning again at any whim would be incredibly welcome. You can already do this with most cuscenes through the DF window pops up simply by clicking accept - why can't we do it without? Just put a third option on the skip cutscene dialogue box. It would make things so much easier when you're not on the same job that you queued as.
This. A way to cancel cutscenes without ending(edit: skipping) them would solve this issue better.
Not the cleanest solution but if you get a duty pop or something you can just skip the cutscene and delete and restart that specific quest. Or if it gives you a quest completion screen at the end of the cutscene you can just deny it, which restarts that step of the quest and let's you view the cutscene again
If you leave a cut scene due to a duty then it doesn't register that you've watched a cut scene (even if it's a number back to back) and you can start it again afterwards
Also, the beast tribe unlocks! It took me awhile to figure out that a series of blue quests isn't going to lead to another aether current.
Unlocking savage and extremes after 3.0 is just a matter of unlocking the duty, you don't keep a quest to do them
to me they already look purple. If my friends wouldn't have pointed it out to me, I'd still think they're purple lol
What do you mean? I wouldn't dare start another MSQ quest until all quests, blue or gold, were gone from my map lul.  When I started playing during the WoW exodus, I didn't start the next post ARR patch MSQ until I beat the EX trial of the previous patch via duty finder.  "Oh I finally met *spoiler* in Elpis? Sorry fam, I have to finish the 10 side quests that popped up before we talk".
Stormblood's quest accept music has the same melody as a section of "The world revolving" from deltarune and I can never stop thinking about it every time it appears.
Well fuck me TIL. Thanks!
> duty pops and I can’t confirm because “I’m busy” or something along those lines.   The only reason you couldn't confirm is you're on a different job or it's one of the rare cutscene moments that is unskippable but you are warned before hand that a cutscene is unskippable.
Quests with longer cutscenes generally will have an image when you accept them
This is my time to shine! I recorded the cutscene lengths for all the MSQ quests through 6.2:  [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOCCBDGa5UPz1EJkD83V0VcGQtBM5ysRZF8wvOw5jAw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOCCBDGa5UPz1EJkD83V0VcGQtBM5ysRZF8wvOw5jAw/edit?usp=sharing)
This. Five minutes? That's not too bad, generally anything I might need to do can be pushed back to account for that. Fifteen minutes? That's becoming a problem, and something I'd really like to know about ahead of time.
Plenty of things outside of msq have cutscenes though.
There are those yea, but many quests don't include those images and still have cutscenes.
Pattern recognition is hard though.
The closest thing is retainers let you buy back stuff you sold to vendor until you close the menu. It would be nice if shops would do something similar ya
This is my time to shine! I recorded the cutscene lengths for all the MSQ quests through 6.2:  [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOCCBDGa5UPz1EJkD83V0VcGQtBM5ysRZF8wvOw5jAw/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOCCBDGa5UPz1EJkD83V0VcGQtBM5ysRZF8wvOw5jAw/edit?usp=sharing)  Voiced cutscenes are bolded and underlined
It would be more effective to include a "Cancel Cutscene" option. Having a CS icon isn't bad but I would consider it clutter if they implemented both, so I would rather they just do the former. On a less frequent note, it's rather fun running into seemingly random cutscenes in the wild for sidequests (before you realize there are 'sidequest chains').
Because this sub is a cult that thinks the game is perfect
The solo duty have the glowing curtain around the start NPC/object, plus a pop up saying that a solo duty will happen.
This is my time to shine! I recorded the cutscene lengths for all the MSQ quests through 6.2:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YOCCBDGa5UPz1EJkD83V0VcGQtBM5ysRZF8wvOw5jAw/edit?usp=sharing
A lot of people. In my case, it's usually because I'm trying to level my other classes, and some parts of the MSQ are a bit... draggy.
If the queue is long why wouldn't you?
Every DPS main, for starters...
The game tells us about lengthy cutscenes already before they happen, warns us to set aside sufficient time, and gives us the choice to progress later if we can't make the time for cutscenes right now.  Still, why not? Don't think we really need it, but if it helps some people, I guess they could add it.
Not always. If there's more than one cutscene you get a warning. But if it's a single cutscene that runs for, say, five to ten minutes, you usually don't.
Duty pop-up is 45 seconds, which many MANY cutscenes are much longer than.
I did. Though a better option suggested here is to cancel the cutscene without having to skip it.
And any significantly long cutscene already has the "pee break" warning, as my friends call it.
Nevermind that, it already looks unappealing here (no offense to OP)
I think Endwalker was unique too because it was the narrative end of an arc since 1.0. I can't see that being the norm going forward.
>It's easy make it a toggle  These words lead to the UIception that is the runescape submenus.
That's immersion breaking but the giant MSQ icon isn't? Come on dude.
oddly enough SWTOR does this, simple escape cancels out the cutscene.  Seeing that there are choices that affect light-side or dark-side choices, it is very nice to do if you accidentally make a DS choice on like a LS Jedi.  ...or you could put the indicator on in the options.  Anyways, regardless, SWTOR does this and I've used it many times.
Disconnecting is the answer. I learned that watching >!Asahi die!< twice after trying to beat the server maintenance timer
Could you please elaborate? My brain is currently doing the math meme trying to differentiate between canceling and ending lol 😭😂
I've had to do this a couple of times, I just force the game closed via task manager and when I come back later I can restart the cutscene.
You cannot abandon MSQ :(   And some quests are quite long...
> Not the cleanest solution but if you get a duty pop or something you can just skip the cutscene and delete and restart that specific quest.   If you get a duty pop you can just accept it and it'll spit you out at the start of the cutscene, no need to skip it
Lol you said "duty pop".
The problem is that you cannot accept duty if you have another job selected - and you cannot switch job inside cutscenes.
Besides at the release of Heavensward where indeed, aether currents were obtained at the end of the quest series, now they all are rewards from the first quest in the series. So if you hunt currents, let all the blue quests without currents be, you are sure you will not miss anything.
That is good to know! I've been avoiding taking all the later unlock quests because I don't like having stuff I can't beat yet clogging up my quest list
I did the same thing. My friend kept telling me to wait until I unlock flying instead of doing them all immediately. And I just said nope and kept doing it.  It legitimately takes like 2-3 hours to finish all the sidequests that pop up when you go to a new place if you're hoofing it. But worth it imo. There's a lot of sidequests that deal with aftermath of major events that just would feel wrong to go back and do like 6 months later lol.
I know it's off topic but you reminded me about how distracting it is to me that the Rhalgr's Reach music is just the new year's eve song Auld Lang Syne
there are a number of 'normal' cutscenes (without a warning beforehand) that you can't accept a queue out of. typically ones where the at the end of the cutscene the screen fades to black and the quest completion / reward choice dialogue pops up before you can resume gameplay, will also prevent you from taking a queue during the cutscene leading up to that with a message like 'unable to complete action while occupied'.
That’s definite not it. Can tell you that for sure because the error message doesn’t say “unskippable scene”, and I never do my MSQ quests with a different job from the one I’m queuing with. Defeats the purpose of accepting a queue mid-cutscene
If you're referring to the "Several cutscenes will play in sequence" message, that's about length, not skippability. If you're referring to something else, I have no clue what it is, but I have never seen an unskippable cutscene warning.
Oh, wow, that's amazing! Love the color coding to quickly see which are the longest ones.
Nice!
This, please.
You don't see that when it happens in the middle of a series of cut scenes.
Brruuuuuhh! This is *amazing*! You are my kind of type A MMOer!
I was more referring to the shorter cutscenes, not the ones that give warnings.
I am grateful for the option to cancel and redo cutscenes in SWTOR because it took me a while to realize that the third dialogue option often is the "going nuclear" choice regardless of how innocent the prompt may sound.
I kinda almost miss this game sometimes. It wasn't as good as ffxiv but it's wild how good some aspects of that game were, even if as a whole it wasn't good enough for me to stick with.
> I learned that watching >!Asahi die twice!<  Sounds like you had a good time, to me.
One of the main reasons people want to do so is if a Duty pops while they're in a cutscene and this wouldn't allow them to do so
Cancel vs skip. Cancel puts you at the beginning and skip puts you at the end.
Ending = skipping. You have to rewatch in an inn and the quest progresses.  Canceling = backing out. You would return to where you were before you started the cutscene, and it would play again when you kicked off the objective again.
It doesn't work if the reason you want to cancel the cutscene is for a Duty and you changed jobs
You can't accept it if you're in a different class/job that you queued.  If you queued as WHM doing a CRP job quest, for instance, you have to skip it to change to WHM in order to accept the duty pop.
You can with some outside influence. <Wink wink>
People who say to delay doing sidequests don't really care about experiencing it in story order as much. Personally if I wait then I never want to do them because then the interest is lost, and it's fun to hold interest, so I do them when I see them spawn.
Maybe it is the quest completion ones (the green ones), not sure, I don’t really keep track of it lol    But for sure, I know about not being able to accept while the “quest completion reward” box is up. But at the point, you’re not in mid-cutscene anymore. So there isn’t a need to be afraid of not being able to accept the queue.
The warning is there a recent one that comes to mind is in Endwalker >!Waiting outside Tataru's shop and talking to NPCs walking up to you!< Most of those style of cutscenes are unskippable and you are warned before that it's unskippable and must be played out.
There is only a handful of these and most are in endwalker, on purpose. There will be people who dislike the inconvenience and have to log out and log back in to restart it on a different job but I think there are far more others who enjoyed the narrative experience of getting surprised by it, especially because it's endwalker (so after setting expectations and being the finale expansion). They do hit you with the "long cutscene put aside ample time" warning at least.
Thank you!! I'm glad that you like it!
Maybe just… don’t do quests that *could* lead into cutscenes while queue for a duty? I’ve never understood why folks don’t find something else to do that won’t get them “stuck” after the first time they experienced such a thing. FATEs, basic crafting, gathering, chatting with other players, etc.   Questing (especially MSQ’ing) and queuing for a duty at the same time is baffling to me. At least, it’s never been something I’ve considered in my 600 days of playtime in the 6 years since I started playing. Maybe I’m the odd one out, idk.
typical wording for bioware dialogue choices amirite
As long as it pops *during* the cutscene and you don't accidentally click "wait" you can jump in and it will cancel the cutscene so you can watch it again. The real trouble is when it pops just before the cutscene starts or if you click "wait".
AH YES thank you that would actually be really nice lol. Sometimes I just Do Not Have Time™️ but can't go back and see it so rip I guess lol
The only way to cancel cutscenes currently is a Duty Finder pop or closing the game entirely if I'm not mistaken.
Thank you! That would be really nice actually :')
Yeah, that's true.
Could you elaborate?
Ah gotcha (now that you mention it, I remember that the Doman enclave unlock quest had a similar style thing). There are definitely a lot of unskippable cutscenes that do not warn of that, though.
I never said I was queueing for anything during these quests. In fact, I always quest while not in queue.
You can't Commence if you changed jobs, though
You can rewatch cutscenes in the inn rooms with the unending journey book. In gridania it’s at the window  EDIT tales>journey
It's not a perfect solution, but if you force close the game mid-cutscene then it cancels and puts you back at the start
And the unskippable cutscenes can't be stopped to take a duty finder pop-up.
Plugins, one changes the "Commence" button on the duty popup to say "Change job" if you arent the right job for the duty  Switches back to "Commence" once you're the right job
I do agree with you there that they are inconsistent with letting us know when something is unskippable. Just having that be consistent across the whole game would probably help with some headaches.
Yeah, sadly not every single cutscene is saved though... mostly like...the main ones I guess? But it doesn't tell you which ones you can rewatch later or not :( (though I get it would be a LOT to save all the ones from like all the side quests and stuff too)
But you have to finish the quest first. If there's out of cutscene dialogue between the cutscene and the quest finish (quite common, since many cutscenes play at the beginning/midway through a quest) you're left either skipping that, hoping you don't log out and get rid of the chat log, or having to read it all without the proper context.
For me at least, the issue arises when I’m queuing for a dungeon and trying to sneak in a couple quests while I wait. Of course I get the long ass cutscenes right as a duty pops.
They used to, but most of my cutscenes have no window pop up now, which kinda sucks. I don't mind starting over the cutscene, but if I have a feeling the cutscene will last more than 30 seconds, I have to either speed read or skip the cutscene altogether ☹
To be fair, they do warn you beforehand.
[WeskAlber is my go to](https://m.youtube.com/@WeskAlber) for learning jobs. The videos are long but very helpful and really helped me get my footing.
You’re usually better off learning to heal actual players over NPCs, Scholar is not my forte unfortunately so tips for that I wouldn’t be of much help. Biggest thing though is let your party know you are still learning or level/learn with friends
For general guides on what all your abilities do and how they interact with each other, Wesk Alber's YouTube guides are a good resource. https://www.youtube.com/@WeskAlber/  And while it's tongue in cheek about it, JoCat's "Crap guide to Healers" video is also great. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osvUOqeDwD0
Once you have leveled up a bit, check out FFXIV Momo's scholar and sage dungeon guides on YouTube. They will walk you through general gameplay.
This will be nice to read. I'm also new player and I actually started to play with intetion to be Scholar, because I just love the job. Many people will give you better and advanced advices, but what are elementar things what I learned.  1. Healer in FFXIV is not supposed to be just heal-bot. When you can, you should also do some damage. My experience is that it's pretty amazing with Scholar, because our fairy is continously healing. 2. Scholar is considered more like "barrier healer" than "direct healer". It can be confusing on lower levels, because he can do direct healing, but it's part of his spells. I'm still early bird, but look at "Adloquium" or "Succor". Both nullifying damage. That also mean that Scholar (and in honor to the game, it's part of his lore) has to think ahead and make strategy how to use its powers. I suppose it will be more important on higher levels. 3. You have to choose your favorite fairy, that's the rule! /s 4. Remember that Sage will using also another strategies like healer. I would like to help there, but it'll be a long time before I try it :)  However, I'm looking to forward that some people point out what I wrote wrong.
Tip for keeping up with tanks-  You'll have tanks that sprint as soon as you can move, you'll have tanks that sprint just before pulling (which is the best case), you'll have tanks that don't sprint at all, you'll have tanks that sprint mid pull, etc. During pulls, keep an eye on that tank's health and buffs/debuffs (which healers should be doing a lot anyways), sprint AS SOON as you see the sprint icon come up on the tank, that way you keep moving with them at the same speed, and also it means the next time they sprint, you'll both have it off cooldown at the same time. This is more important for SCH than for SGE, since SGE has a gap closer. As SGE what I like to do is hit sprint when they sprint, AOE the mobs with dyskrasia while running, and then if I start falling behind I Icarus the tank. Taking "racing lines" during pulls also helps keep up with the tank as much as possible.   Damage is important, you should be trying to deal as much as possible, BUT if someone IS getting dangerously low and you think they NEED healing immediately, jump in place to cancel your cast to either cast the heal, or to use lustrate or excogitation or whatever it is you need to use.  For sch, mana can get rough sometimes if the party is eating shit and you need to GCD heal or raise. Aetherflow gives a flat 2,000 mana every minute, use that on cooldown. if you have unspent aetherflow stacks before it comes off cooldown, use them on literally anything, energy drain (optimal for damage), lustrates if someone is hurt, soils if there's a lot of raidwides, anything that gets used is better than leaving them unspent. I like to then use lucid dreaming about 30s after using aetherflow, that way you get a slow influx of mana every 30s. I personally also keep ethers on me but that's not necessary (can really help stabilize your mana if you die and aetherflow/lucid dreaming are on cooldown though)  Keeping gear up to date is also really important for healers. Get your level 50 tomestone gear as soon as you can after hitting 50. You'll notice a huge difference in how easy it is to keep tanks up after you get the left side of your gear to ilvl130. Weapon, body, and legs I think are the most important, then gloves hats boots, and then accessories.
Scholar is my main healer, here is what you need to know.  First off, do not pay much attention to the classification of shield healer. Scholar gets three shields total and only one is ogcd. You use adlo and succor only if you have absolutely nothing left, or there is nothing to attack.   Second, learn what an ogcd is. It's any of your spells that happen instantly and usually consume a resource or have a cool down associated with it. Whispering dawn for example.  Third, let your fairy do some work. People do not need to be at 100% at all times. Keep people above 50% and you're good.   So here's how you play. Dungeon start, summon fairy. Remember to say hi in chat. Tank starts running ahead, use sprint to keep up with them. Use your dot on each enemy while moving. Once you are 45 remember to use aertherflow. Once tank has stopped moving you start casting ruin or art of war when you get it. Use whispering dawn early since it's a Regen. If tank gets below 50% use lustrate when you get it, for now adloqueum. If your mana gets below 7000 use lucid dreaming. If aetherflow is available to cast again and you still have a few left, use energy drain.   The rest of the dungeon will continue like this. Just keep in mind to use ogcd heals FIRST then you use adloquem or succor when you have none left. Primarily you want to be casting ruin (or art of war if there is 2 or more enemies) as much as possible. Trails will be similar but the tank won't take nearly as much damage so you can be more aggressive with energy drain.
I’ve been listening to his ABC for healer video. I’ll take a deeper dive into his channel once this one is done. Thank you.
Yeah. I’m on PS5 and don’t have a keyboard so chatting is kind of a pain. But I will do that. I only thought about NPCs so I could get more confident before going with actual people. Haha.
Thank you. I’m currently listening to Wesk Alber’s video on ABC of healing. So I’ll take a deeper dive into his channel. I also saw JoCat as recommended in my search so I’ll watch that one as well thank you.
Yeah. From the video I have seen. It’s throw DPS down. So I’ll work on that.   I chose to go the Scholar route because I heard Sage is also a barrier healer so I wanted practice.   I was confused on the fairy bit. Are they essentially the same, just different skins? Or do they actually do different things? The tool tip seems to suggest they do the same thing.   I’m slowly making my way to 70. So I have some time before I can get to Sage. In all honesty I want to get passed the first MSQ. Haha. I bought the game when it first came out on PS3 I think. So it’s been off and on for me. But I’m determined to get to 79 so I can have my fin funnels. Haha.
I just wanted to second this, his videos are absolutely great for newer players.   My husband has been getting into XIV but we decided we didn't want me to just act as his encyclopedia for things as that could wind up tedious for us both. WeskAlber has been able to explain more than the basics but without bogging him down in minute optimization things like you'll often see in other guides.   I haven't watched his healer content but I'd imagine he would do a fantastic job of striking the balance between, "it is your job to do damage," and, "you used a GCD heal, kys," which is important when it comes to giving new healers the confidence to try to let people get low HP for their own dps but not like... trolling levels of lack of healing.
Buy a cheap keyboard, wired or wireless. No excuse not too.
Long time before us, the fairies had different powers, but right now they both just heal :) So just skins actually. However, good luck! I'm looking forward to try Astrologian.
Had some people ask if it would be colored and then here it is! Hope you guys enjoy Nidhogg in all his purple'ish glory :\]
Seeing Nidhogg like this makes the whole >!”dragons are aliens from Dragonstar”!< subplot from EW actually more terrifying. This is beautiful and so creepy!
easily one of the best images of Niddy I've ever seen
any chances of a higher resolution img? im IN LOVE with this art and wish i could use as my phone bg, but it always end with low quality when i set it
Nidhogg would be a great name for a metal band.
"Nidhogg Butt (colored)" ?
Oh man this came out amazing!!
Amazing!
YO 😲 this is incredible art, well done!
Dayum
Nidhogg III: Eternal Collection
Holy shit
NIDHOOOOOOOOGG!! He's a big, angry wyrm!
Oh, look, a new phone background. Badass.
thats amazing！
And~ my phone has a new wallpaper.
Oh damn... That would look great as a poster
That is gorgeous can I use him as my boss in my dnd game
You've done the most dangerous offspring of Midgarsormr a great service.
Isn't the eye way too big ?
Getting big Diablo vibes (in a good way).
Well, it looks pretty amazing. The color palette adds so much to bring it to life. He’s terrifying.
Oh havent played EW yet but sounds interesting :ooo
I'm glad to hear it! I've always been a fan of Nihogg and his design.
Unfortunately not right now, I do want to make prints of it in the future so I'm currently being careful with it. Sorry about it being lower resolution.
It really is, a great name in general. I might name one of my pets after nidhogg haha
LMAO gave me a good laugh :D
Thank you!! :)
Thanks!!!
Haha thank you! I appreciate it :)
Yeh :)
Haha it does remind me of Diablo now that you say that
Only the holiest
My favorite angry gecko :3
>look, a new phone backgro  It is a good one and thanks!
Thank you! :D
Keep him safe
Yeah I plan on doing prints and hes gonna be my big banner for my booths in the future!
>ss in my dnd gam  As long as its only for personal use sure! Will it be a ffxiv based dnd game?
Glad to hear it >:)
Artistic liberties :D
I love Diablo so im glad to hear it! Excited to see how D4 turns out :)
Thank you for the kind words! I wanted to do a darker piece so I'm glad it shows! \^\^
It's mentioned in HW too with Middy being an ET.
Hey, no problem at all! Just keep the awesome work Godspeed
Personal use for sure 0/  Yeah! Will be a while before they get to him but this art is perfect for a vision of their enemy to come.
Was that mentioned in HW? It could have been, but I only remember that first coming up in the Omega raids in SB.
https://youtu.be/ZEUHp1hW-dc  It was in this scene where Tiamat tells us the dragons came to our star vs. being native.
He mentions in passing how he settled on the star with 7 eggs a bit after we first meet iirc.
Nice, forgot about the Tiamat conversation.
Uh..Mio?
Ooh nice I love the style and vibe of this piece! Great pose and love the colorful background, it’s really striking.
Ooh this is really unique. I like it
Cool.  Any specific reason those two colors were chosen?
I’m starting to hate being on the free trial
Very cool. I like the subtle pink and blue highlights on her belt and frisbees (i don't play dancer and I forgot what the real name for dancer weapons is)
Beautiful.
Same thought, had to double check what subreddit this was. Everywhere I go I see her, which is a good thing
Only one way to find out. Offer her some water
Thank you. I used a pose reference I found online, as I'm not that good with anatomy so don't take full credits for this
To make flyover state legislatures panic.
I bought the full game with all DLCs some months ago after playing the free trial for about 100 hours. It was definitely worth it
Dancers use [chakrams.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chakram?useskin=vector)
Nah, that’s how practicing art works! You did great.
guess I’ll save up then, wonder how good my relic weapon will be
Well thanks again :)
It'll look cool as glamour since many people won't have them, but that's about it beyond level 70.
Ah, I see
"TenouttaTenn! HundredouttaHundred!" -Some reviewer with a talking robot parrot
Before I even clicked on it I just said 'It's gonna be Hildibrand isn't it?'  I hate it when I'm right.
If you think it's stupid, it's probably hildibrand
Patch cycle stuff, most likely. More and more people take breaks the closer it gets to the next expansion/last patches of the current expansion, I would think, especially with Endwalker's patches.
You can just make a party finder group and write that you need help with that duty for your MSQ. Lots of people will randomly help sprouts. And you can also ask for help in the mentor chat. There are also plenty of discords to help people group up.
You just typed your answer friend. Cause you're queing as a DPS and since everyone wants to play as team red (No not just Red Mage) the line gets longer and longer.
How is this relevant?
Are you drunk or something? It literally solves OPs problem, lol.
OP was asking why the queue was longer than usual, not asking for advice on how to queue faster
OP was also not asking for you to comment on my comment, so I don’t know why you aren’t minding your own business.
Replaying ARR? Are you some kind of masochist?
The story does drag in places, but it's not that bad
Agreed. It is a lot more slow paced and boring than the other expansions. But going back through it and making connections to later expansions/noticing things you didn’t on your first playthrough keeps it interesting. Plus there is just something refreshing about going back to where it all started after knowing how it ends. ARR isn’t great, but it isn’t horrible either. I enjoyed my 2nd playthrough of ARR more than the 1st tbh.
Flying is definitely a bonus, I usually zoom through it when I did the ng+
Onsal, it's really hard to cap unless you have overwhelming strength so inbalanced team comps get punished much harder
Shatter. That map design is awful!
Secure! But isn’t Secure leaving soon? :)
Where are the Slaughter map fans at?
My preferred Frontline map? Well...  1. Crystalline conflict 2. Onsal Hakair/Seal Rock(they're about the same to me) 3. Fields of glory(shatter) 4. Puppet's Bunker 5.  Borderland Ruins(secure)   d=
I would much rather play secure than shatter
I like secure more than shatter tbh, but otherwise very accurate tier order. Honestly I don’t really understand the mechanics of shatter…
Secure followed by Shatter. Secure is an absolute borefest. It’s just a traveling mosh pit of people trying to kill each other, interrupted by objectives. And the objectives don’t really feel good to get in comparison to other maps.   Shatter’s main problem is layout. There is very little reason to go to objectives in other teams territories. Like it isn’t worth it. So points are often determined by who gets the large ices and the small ices in the middle. It’s not like Onsal or Seal Rock where you’d be rewarded for brave play.
Seize, shatter, Onsal, rolling 1s on all the weekly lockout loot, and then secure. Onsal Hakair feels  really uninteractive compared to the other two, at least for me.
The worst part, even before full FCs joined together pound down the outsider group, is it was impossible to figure out how or why one team was winning and you were losing, because everyone did exactly the same actions of grabbing the base, one extra base, and then fighting over a second base, and then running up to destroy their node.  The points awarded seemed completely random for everything.  At least now we've learned to sabotage and accept things if we didn't get paired with the winning two.
I literally only play frontlines on seal rock, working towards that coat
My least favorite is actually Shatter because after exp was added to frontlines but before the frontline roulette was added, the literal only map to pop in a human amount of time was Shatter. It sucked ass. It still sucks ass. Only days I actively refuse to queue for frontlines is Shatter days  That said Secure is a mixed bag too. Still find it better than Shatter, but I can see how people find it boring/annoying. Trying to get the Naadam mount lately I have also gotten hatred for that one as your whole alliance having at least a few non-glue sniffers is vital to getting any form of points/wins due to the first come first serve nature of the points. I guess I just dislike current pvp in general tbf—
Secure for me. it feels like all you do is back and forth between the 2 capture points near your main base
Whaaaat, I LOVE Secure and HATE Onsal. My unpopular opinion tier list is:  1. Secure 2. Shatter 3. Seize 4. Onsal
Hmmm is it? lol that would be awesome
It is going away in 6.4 for adjustments. Will return eventually but no details yet.
thats what they said about Astragalos :\^)   been gone for 4 years now, but for very good reasons
No.
Job level is a decent indicator, though not perfect because not all jobs start at level 1. Unless you sit around RPing a lot, most content gives you xp, so it's likely your highest level job.
Once you get to floor 101 and above, the drop rate for potsherds from bronze chests goes up significantly. The objective best class to do this on is WAR, because it has such a plethora of healing options you won’t need to dip into your potion stockpile as you farm those chests. Healers like WHM and SGE are also pretty good too but only if you’re super comfortable playing squishy classes, otherwise the risk isn’t worth it. Tanks have the highest margin of error for dealing with little mistakes like hitting traps and whatnot. In my opinion, WAR>DRK>GNB>PLD but it’s mostly a matter of personal taste and what you find most comfy to play.  Having said that, I don’t really recommend getting a run that far just for the sole purpose of farming potions. It’s a big time commitment for something that’s not all too important IMO, but I think I’m saying that because I’m not exactly sure what your end goal is. If your goal is to solo clear to 200, you can make do with a modest supply to start out with (like 100-200 or so, when learning its better to be liberal with the pots but you don’t need THAT much) and just make sure you turn in all your potsherds between floor sets. The only classes that really depend on sustaining pots are the melee dpsers  Regardless, to answer your question about the best way to go about farming Sustaining Potions, here’s what I’d do if that were my only concern and main reason for being there. Go in with WAR starting at floor 51, Speedrun it to floor 101, and from there on out use all my pomanders of affluence/fortune to maximize the odds of getting bronze chests, killing as much as I can along the way to maximize odds of a chest drop from a mob
Thanks! Thats helping me a lot!
Are you done with ALL of Shadowbringers or just 5.0?  This is important so we can avoid spoilers  Speaking in vague terms though, Shadowbringers was my favorite expansion, and a lot of people feel the same. It often competes with Endwalker for top spot, I personally like ShB more though
Shadowbringers broke the shackles of all the leftover plot points of Eorzea citizenry and strode into new ground by finally expanding on the Ascians which 100% made it a barn burner of an expac that ekes out a top spot over Endwalker.   I absolutely loved it to pieces.
I felt - a lot, that's what. It hit me hard my first moments on the First and *it didn't fucking stop*. I kept catching myself feeling nostalgic for the calm, no-stakes days of the Dragonsong War (which wasn't calm or no-stakes!!! but by comparison? yeah). It's an incredible story, I keep thinking about the transition from the "feels like endgame" parts of northern Kohlusia, Mt Gulg, the trial that followed - everything so uplifting, literally going up - and then you go fucking down, down, d o w n. The differences in music between Mt Gulg and the last dungeon? They're both such great tracks, and the tone is so different.  I cannot go back to the Tempest without feeling the whole awful weight of what going there the first time felt like, partly because I knew too much about where everything was leading, and it *hurt*. *so*. *much*. and then everything along that path hurt some more. Like we saved the First and the Source and all that was great! But wow, the bigger background story we learned? Pain.  Have you reread your quest journal since finishing the last quest? There's a line in there that I'm never going to forget, and I suspect you'll appreciate it, too.  Anyway, it's my favorite expansion, I loved it, I love spending time in most of the First for gathering and etc still, it just fucking broke me. :)
It's my favorite expansion. The story, the music, the characters... I was looking forward to it when I first started ARR and was not disappointed when I finally got there.     It's the one expansion that constantly kept me crying, and I love it.
ShB is by far my favorite as it stands on its own, but EW takes second.      Emet-Selch is such a well-written amazing character.  I'll never forget him. <3
ShB is my favorite expansion by a long shot. You are definitely in for a good time.
Not the entire Shadowbringers, no. I just defeated Emet Selch.
The true ending to the ShB story is yet to come, but base 5.0 is amazing in its own right.
Ok, well, I'll just say that I think the biggest moments for me actually came in the patch quests. I didn't feel quite the same connection that a lot of people did with Emet-Selch (although he was still a very fun character to interact with), but parts of the patch content hit me really hard
I mean the art is real nice but why did you break his shield? He can’t do much with a broken shield you silly goose
Ah, the good ending.
Killer art!
I'm not very far in the story, only in the middle of heavenward, but man I love listening to Haurchefant talk. Love his voice, wish his voice actor would narrate some audio books
the good ending
The man the myth the legend
alternative reality
Low key looks like Link with white hair.
It feels like DSR after you save him.    The shield still broke but instead of killing him it deflected off to the side and he's ready to keep throwing down.
This isn't accurate. He's not impaled
Awesome
Lord Horsefart looking good!
I just played this part last night, and my partner and I were SO SHOCKED 😢
\*The late Lord
More like Lord Draw-chefant.
His arm won't falter at least
hehe
>!It’s just a picture taken moments after a specific point in DST.!<
Dragonsong Reprise would beg to differ…
Too soon.
That really slayed me.  ...  I know, I'm bad.
True! Also, I would personally advise you to stay away from the comments section in FFXIV subs in order to avoid spoilers, however, if you don't care about spoilers, feel free to disregard this message.
If you know, you know.
Imagine being so strong that you block something and your solid steel shield breaks before you *even flinch*.
I didn’t think they could hurt me with the >!tempering of dragons!< but here we are and I am *hurt.*
It really pierced me right in the feels
Thanks, I'm not actively looking for spoilers, I'd rather avoid them, but it's not something I'm too worried about.
The shield broke before the arm did
Yall. Stop. 😢
From the moment I understood the weakness of my steel, it disgusted me.
This knight does not yield.
Oddly enough Zenos’s answer to Meteion got to me. He didn’t feel that his reason for living was important or that it ever needed validation from someone else. He lives because he feels like living, F you that’s why. I vibe with that so hard. Years of depressive episodes and panic attacks and getting stabbed in the back by friends have left me in a baaaad state at times. F you that’s why is the mentality that kept me moving forward with my life and pulling something positive out of the misery, sometimes for no other reason than to spite my own depression or because it seemed impossible. Doing that is how I got to a better place mentally, not having a good reason to do better and be better made more sense to me somehow. Zenos showing up in the darkest hour and yelling “WASSUP BRO WHO HAS TWO THUMBS AND TURNED INTO A DRAGON ITS ME NOW HOP ON AND LETS DUNK THIS LOSER NOW PLAY MY SONG!” hyped me up in ways I find difficult to articulate.
>!the ghosts on the stairs!< Thal’s balls I was crying so hard and I had forgotten most of the npcs but just the memories of not really love but hope hit DEEP.
I also suffer from thanatophobia, so this entire expansion has been...Really difficult. Lmao. That isn't to say I struggled to complete it, but it had an effect on me that was far different than the one ShB had.  Every single part of EW and Post-EW has kind of forced me to examine my own fears, especially when they're presented to me up front and unmitigated. The Ea and Nibirun were probably two of the hardest for me. The Ea because they'd become hyperintelligent and still lost hope due to the universe eventually reaching a "conclusion," and the Nibirun because they had achieved perfection and immortality and got bored with it.  These two things really, really messed me up in a way I cannot fully describe. Because it's ultimately what I "know" vs what I "want." I do know that the most current, reliable model for the "fate of the universe" is heat death and if all of this is doomed to be gone forever? Doesn't that make all of this sorta pointless? At the same time, I want us to become better. I want us to become perfect and possibly immortal, to be able to live in a way that allows everyone to be whatever they want to be? Which raises the question of...What's the point then? Forever is a really impossible concept and even if we get there, do I really want to watch people without my same fears go away while I just live? What happens when I'm the last thing left?  It did, however, kind of give me a comfort. I do believe in the idea of a recurrent universe? Albeit, I don't think the universe cares about good or evil. I think we are all just recycled. I think we come back, again, and again, and again. Sort of like the aetherial sea, but without the weight of old lives. Just a mechanism of the universe.   Before EW? I wanted to be cryogenically frozen (just as much of a silly idea as eternal recurrence,) but now? I've decided that when it's my time? I'm gonna have my body buried in a pod that grows a tree from it. I'm gonna give back to the planet and hope I get to come back soon and ride this crazy ride again. I can't despair about the future and I can't despair about my demise; I gotta live now and when the time comes? I'll return my body to the place that helped make this all possible.  Gonna be a fruit tree, by the way, so yall enjoy your me apples when the time comes.
When I played EW, I was having that sort of struggle without knowing it. I know now, and looking back, and replaying, it hits so hard, hurts so much, but also shows that bit of light that’s always there, even in the deepest darkness. Light the way!
Plainly, it didn’t. EW’s story, while great in its second half, did not make me cry, or reflect on my own experiences with depression, anxiety, and existential despair. This isn’t meant in a negative way at all, it’s just that by the time I had experienced EW, I had already nearly two decades’ worth of experience fighting and coping with my mental illness. While there was much about it I could appreciate, it told me nothing I didn’t already know. I bet that if I had played this when I was a teenager, back when my pain was at its absolute peak, I would have had a much more emotional reaction.
When Venat asked if my journey had been meaningful and worthwhile, I started crying because I took the question as both in game and also addressed to me personally irl. I struggle with depression and I often feel like there’s just no point to anything. But sometimes when I feel really hopeless, I remind myself that in that moment I genuinely answered “yes” to that question on both accounts, from the bottom of my heart.
My brain fixated on the dark aspects and for a while I went into a really dark place. Same with the Loporrit tribe quests. The end message really had no impact on the way the rest of the story hit me, so no happy ending I'm afraid. Now I avoid talking about the story as much as possible and turn off the sound when I redo the dungeons.
I definitely felt like I could commiserate with Meteion’s hopelessness at times, but overall the most impact EW had on me was upsetting cutscenes involving kids and babies making me cry lol.  I think that overall, I was impacted about the same as any average person. I found the message of hope in the face of overwhelming despair to be generic - not bad by any means, but it’s also not a message unique to FFXIV. It was touching and had gold-star writing but it’s not groundbreaking and didn’t delve deeply enough into the despair itself to actually tie me in.   An example of media that *has* succeeded at that is Bojack Horseman, which I’ve never finished because it was too good at reflecting depression and was affecting my mood in a really bad way. EW elicited no such thing… which is good. That’s probably too heavy for an MMO that’s meant to have wide appeal.   …… Actually, now that I think about it, Hermes *pissed me off* by mishandling his emotions so heavily that he literally doomed the universe. I can’t stand people like that character irl, who use their mood disorder as an excuse for their shitty behavior (in his case he whined about shit and never tried to fix anything or be even a little introspective). Having been that person once and since being medicated for it, I have very little tolerance for his level of selfishness. So I guess that’s the most impact EW had related to my depression - a familiarity with, and great fatigue from, Hermes-type people.  In the end, EW’s message is sweet and optimistic and looks on humanity with kindness. That’s a position I find comforting and one with which I agree wholeheartedly.
I was diagnosed with persistent depressive disorder a few years ago so the feeling of hopelessness and despair is something I've lived through. The concept of going from *everything is fine* to *nothing is fine* is something I know well.  In spite of that, I still think Hermes was a moron. He's the Chief Overseer of Elpis but his experiment with the Meteia was flawed on a fundamental level. He took no measures to account for the Meteia encountering empty or dead worlds, if their aether wasn't so thin they would also have no shown defense mechanism for hostile environments. He literally sent them door-to-door on a cosmic scale and hoped for the best.  I know that's probably part of the point, the Ancients were so near-perfect borderline-godlike that failure and support systems for depression were largely foreign concepts to them. But it's still a criticism of him. If he'd taken anyone aside to assist with the Meteia they might have seen the flaws in his logic.  Also the fact that instead of sharing everyone else's "oh no this is bad" reaction to Meteion having a meltdown, Hermes instead rapidly develops a self-destructive obsession with her report in spite of everything else going catastrophically wrong around him.  Also, I hated Moenbryda when she was introduced in the ARR patches. EW made me actually give a shit.
Let’s just say I was very glad there was a happy ending, especially for Meteion.
Kinda made it worse I guess... Whole thing and the community's discussions about it we're all about people coming together and solving those issues with others... I don't really have anyone and caused me to feel even more isolated which is a... Idk... "Trigger"?... For my depressed states... Either way didn't help. Just made me feel worse.
Endwalker is really an expansion that is addressing depression / despair and hope.  There's Hermes, whose strong emotions and love for other beings clashed with his world's ideals and his very work itself, causing him to question his purpose, and trying to find the meaning of life. Both his and all lives. He couldn't understand others, and others couldn't understand him either. But he wants to, and it ends up breaking him even more.  I too, desperately wanted to understand why I'm so different, why the state of my emotions is different from others and I'm struggling. And if there's meaning to my life, if there's meaning to life at all. If there isn't, why do I still live?  The Meteia didn't have a chance against their collective depression, what's with the hivemind and the empathy. To feel all the grief and despair of worlds and worlds, to find out that everything was not going well outside of their star and the answer to their question was consistently negative negative negative, how could it not have driven them to choose death? And as a mercy, death not just to themselves, but to all others, since they have the means after all.  How many times have I been so overwhelmed and could only see the one exit? Thank goodness I didn't choose that exit. How often did I also dream that time would stop or that the world would just end so my suffering could too?  When Final Days arrived and people turned into monsters, it was because their negative emotions went out of control. Little of their original self remains, just instincts.  How often did I become a monster because my emotions got out of control too? Too many to count. Often, I couldn't help it. I couldn't control my emotions.  And how did people not turn into monsters? By holding onto hope, by not giving in to the negative emotions, to the fear, to the despair. When you know how to hold them at bay, it's easier. If there's somebody to help you, to guide you, it's easier. When you do it together, it's easier.  Ultima Thule. Oh man, this place. Hope is not found. Hope is made. By your friends, by those who believe in you and walked with you in your journey. With hope you defeat (the bird of) depression. Even the crazy guy whose sole goal was to have the best fight of his life with you believes you have got this.  Post-Endwalker Omicron Beast Tribe spoilers: >!From the place of despair, hope gives birth to new life. It's just how you want to live your life. Even if you were (programmed/)taught to live in a certain way, it can change. You can change. We can change.!<  As you can probably tell, yeah, Endwalker really resonated deeply. I actually have already been stable for a while before Endwalker so it basically just reinforces a lot of the messages that I drilled into myself to keep me going.  Oh yea, Hermes my dude, please go for counselling. Final Days might not have happened if this dude got some good quality counselling.
It's helped me move forward and that I'm allowed to find happiness again and make new friends even if we all go our own ways eventually. Ultima Thule hit especially hard because of how many people I've lost in life and the despair I had from each loss were reflected in each section there. Hell, the song there is very similar to the last letter my best friend wrote to me before cancer took her away.   So, this whole expansion has been ... Helpful to me. I'm still depressed and have anxiety, but it's much more manageable now.
I suffer from depression but after years of therapy and being able to manage it plus having healthy coping mechanisms made me constantly yell at my screen.  "That's a warning sign, get this boy therapy!"  "Send an empath into the cold lonely void of space....this is a terrible idea.  They're all coming back with depression and nihilism."  "FFS let him listen to the damn bird he needs closure and it literally won't hurt anything except our feelings."  If anything, long term, it showed me how far I've come.  Despite the depression spirals present I felt more inclined to help them fall to depression myself.  This is a contrast to Stardew Valley when I romanced the character Shane.  I had to stop playing because his spiral was so like my own (minus booze) that it gave me flashbacks.  That was years ago.  So I think I'm on the right track.
Playing Endwalker made me realize something that I'd been struggling to grasp my entire life before playing.   I struggle with severe major depressive and ADHD, and I have most of my life. What endwalker taught me, really taught me, was that happiness isn't a goal. It's a friend. Like suffering, a companion. Happiness can visit in small bursts or in long stints. Sometimes you can go months without seeing each other, but that doesn't mean they won't visit again. Most importantly, a life goal of "being happy" doesn't make any sense because happiness can never live with you forever. It's always coming and going, all the time. You don't need to wait for an imaginary moment, a moment where you know that happiness will never leave you again because it will never come. Similarly, a visit from suffering doesn't mean that you are doing something wrong, failing at some imaginary challenge to woo happiness or banish suffering for good.  "Suffering exists, and we can not pretend otherwise. No civilization, however great, could eliminate it. If we would live, we must accept it as our constant companion." These were the words that changed things for me. I had spent so much time stressing, crying, and despairing over opportunities and missed opportunities to chase outcomes that would "lead to happiness" without realizing that that isn't how it works.  Happiness is a friend. Celebrate when it comes. Be sad when it leaves. Work always to make time for happiness, and happiness will visit as often as it can. Happiness is not waiting at the end of your journey, nor is suffering. They, both of them, are here now, and you can be certain that they will each visit again when it is their time. With that knowledge, lift your eyes to the future, knowing that both of them will walk beside you, and turn your mind and your legs toward something new.
I honestly felt attacked playing EW, and the feeling has soured more and more over time as I've thought about it. It felt like they were saying that people who struggling with depression are monsters and just become monsters no matter how hard they try. Everyone who starts falling into their despair either have to be saved from someone else or dies  The one time they had an opportunity to show that you can fight back and that there is hope within yourself was with Matsya running with the baby. Doing everything they possibly could to just KEEP fighting and then they completely ruined by having Estinein jump in and save them and only by the grace of his long neck is Matsya saved from their despair. It could have been such a special moment to show that even at your worst moments you can find the strength to fight on.
I still cannot recover from EW, that's it.
I had an existential crisis several times during the expansion but due to character limits and time constraints I'll just :'))))))))))))))  Eta: I didn't have a happy ending at the end. None of this "light the way!" Or "fight the despair!" Stuff. I was with Meteion the whole way like "yup nope that would be me" lol. If anything, it really illustrated to me how bad my depression had gotten, between Meteion and Hermes (who I VERY begrudgingly adore and fucking relate to in my soul). The cutscenes before and after the Endsinger fight absolutely *ripped me into pieces*. Sometimes I listen to the allusion to Hermes' promise to her just to cry again lol. Or remember that moment where my sweet, wonderful and kind WoL gently took Meteion's hands into his own.  Cried. Like. A fuckin. BABY.
It didn't. Turning despair into a physical being you can kill immediately eliminates any possible connection I could have ever made between the game and what I deal with in real life. Good villain for tying up loose ends and I have no problem with it as an in-universe threat but I think as a metaphor for depression Endwalker kinda fell flat on its face.
Ultimately the story is so bad and Meteion is so poorly written that I didn't care.  It's definitely not the same quality as ShB. She just comes from nowhere, does things just because, introduces a new concept from nowhere we never got a hint about, nothing about it is good. It's just checkmarking off someone's outline of "a sad story" and it didn't work.   Ultimately the most tragic part of EW is with Emet. He learns, of course too late, that everything he did was not only a lie but the complete opposite of who he wanted to be. And for that we only get...half a cutscene? Two lines?  I mean yeah...it's an overall morbid story sure. But one with no meat to it, no content. It's so far below what it could/should be to impact me any.
It didn’t really speak to me whatsoever. I didn’t like Meteion or Hermes as a villain.
It didn't really resonate with me all that much, I'll be honest.  I suppose a decade and a half of counseling has left me, well...I suppose "tired" is the right word for it...tired of retreated these themes and emotions when I've already dealt with it myself.  Nothing of it felt new or groundbreaking to me, it was all thoughts well tread, and not particularly ones I would want to dwell on again in the first place.  It really was an expansion that I was more than relieved to finish off--so much so that I admit to starting to skip cutscenes near the end (anything to do with Zenos, I don't like him) so I could finish it off sooner.  That said, there were sections I enjoyed. I felt most emotionally invested in the Garlemald section, as it made me actually feel and empathize with the suffering of a people beyond more than anything else this game has provided. Elpis was also enjoyable for the banter between lively characters, and at least the discussion of hard topics.
Endwalker didn't really hit me that hard, mostly, I think, due to the fact I more or less have my depression under control now. Honestly Shadowbringers impacted me more. Ryne's character growth during that xpac closely mirrored my own growth as a person at the time I was playing it. Even more recently when I was having a moment where I was feeling down, I happened to have rewatched the scene where she met with Minfilia and it once again helped me feel better.
Councilingway talking about no longer being needed really hit hard for me lmao
It fucking sucked. Had a falling out with people I thought were my friends, girlfriend broke up with me so Endwalker and Asphodelos are forever stained but I’m still playing this expansion trying to have fun and do savage content. I can never give a accurate answer about how Endwalker makes me feel but I recognize that and it is what is.
Struggled with manic depression from ages 10 to 21 and honestly I cant say I felt much while going through EW.  I cant really say any moment made me feel anxious either. And I still suffer from anxiety issues.   But everyone is different. If you want to experience something far more grim, disheartening and nihilistic I recommend giving the manga Berserk a shot. I've heard its actually helped others overcome or deal with their depression. But be warned it is a very sad and depressing manga.
i thought the pacing of the story wasn't the most helpful to some of the messages they were trying to say. yes, i think we needed an expansion between shb and ew.  in the aftermath of the radz at han/thavnair attacks during the final days i remember alisae saying something like, "we can't let them keep dwelling on it!!!" when these people had just seen their friends and family transformed into horrific beasts and then get killed like 20 minutes ago. it's okay and even encouraged to take time to process extreme trauma lol  i also thought what the game was saying about despair/depression in the context of blasphemies was actually really terrible. the people who were not "mentally strong enough" to fight despair were transformed into blasphemies, the punishment for which is your soul just poofing into nothing, no lifestream, no nothing. thanks ishikawa...?
I feel like it spent far too much time describing despair at length. Showing and often voicing long monologues about hopelessness, far more than was necessary to get the point across, to the point that it felt "dangerous" to have to keep hearing them. I have plenty of coping mechanisms/resolve and I know because it's FFXIV that it's going to lead to an overall uplifting ending, but in that middle space it just spent so much time wallowing in despair and not refuting it.
Tbh, I almost teared up when the anthropomorphic elephant was running away with a baby in Thavnair. I don't know why exactly this moment worked, I suppose no amount of epic words could touch me as much as a real action with (considerably) real people who were just trying to survive or protect their children. I certainly didn't feel this way at the end of the expansion in Ultima Thule. On the road to Meteion it was more like: "c'mon, cry, we want you to cry! Here, you can listen to some familiar voices and realize how grandiose your adventure was!"  Nope, didn't work, didn't care because of course they wouldn't kill the Scions. And of course we were about to defeat the boss at this point of the story. It was more impactful when we watched Garleans struggle. The whole Garlemald section was a pretty good writing, although dark and incredibly sad
I had to stop and do other things for a day before forcing myself to go on a couple times. I could tell what the story was doing, but it was still very rough.
It didn’t impact me at all. In fact I kind of was annoyed about it the entire time I was playing. I didn’t enjoy EndWalker and that’s probably because I’m too deep into depression and self hatred to care.
I played ARR-EW in the span of 5 months, and EW is my least favorite expansion. Garlemald and body swap duty was where it peaked for me.  I don't know how to explain it, but it felt really "meta" to me.  The big "everyone is here and working together" moment is for powering up a fucking spaceship.  The number of times they had Emet smile at you felt like fan service.  Hermes acting like a teenager and not an omnipotent being.  End of the world scenario truly affecting only Radz and killing off some red shirts (yes there are role quests, they all suck ass).  Lopporits were too goofy to the point of not being able to take them seriously (compared to Moogles or pixies).  No stakes finale. I was actually worried at the end of Shadowbringers, they even managed to make me worry about WoL even though I knew nothing can happen to the PC. The only thing I worried about at the end of EW is if they are going to keep Zenos.
Honestly, I'd like to think the previous expansions kinda *prepared* me well enough? I saw all this suffering in Endwalker, and then I saw the *Scions* react to that same suffering, death and despair in ways that made *me* think of how I'd react if I was actually there. I see how they remain steadfast and rationally, empathetically and yet stoically deal with the issue and think "Can't that be me? Eventually?" These people CAN exist, in some capacity, if not a greater one. I see them doing it, and think that even if I can't match them at that level, I've learned from their ordeals before.  For reference, I struggle with lack of confidence, decisiveness and tend to overthink things.  Then I see Alphinaud lose much, if not all, reason to be confident at the end of >!ARR.!<  Only for him to beautifully balance playing to his strengths and staying in his lane from >!HW/onward.!<  I see >!Lyse!< being the embodiment of determination, an earnest attitude and resilient strength(in the face of high expectations that people hold against her, in and out of game), and think "well, at least I'm not fending off an evil empire. My circumstances may have parallels, but at least I have the inspiration to overcome them without the fear of death/fighting".  (Also, yes, I like >!Lyse.!< Fite me and all that)  and that's just the Scions, you know?  I(to many people's surprise) could NOT bring myself to hate >!Hermes.!< Where many people see a bad person or a fool, I see a genuinely warm soul who made a mistake trying to do a good thing, and no one would let that go. Hell, I'm pretty sure even >!Venat!< (who I also shed many tears for) didn't hate him, and she's the one who had deal with the aftermath. I've seen that happen far too often(let's just say I have a VERY toxic family). I would have made his mistakes and felt his feelings, if our roles were reversed. I genuinely cried for him and his plight, knowing what was in store for him, knowing it would be an eternity before ever getting the answer he sought(that I would seek myself if I was also a godlike ancient being). This is to say nothing of poor >!Meteion.!< But I digress.  There was just too much inspiration to work with to let Endwalker shake me up, and if it did, it wasn't for long. On top of that, there were sobering parallels that I couldn't help but learn from and improve upon.  I hope that at least partially answers your question.
Umm... I guess I accidentally method-acted the ending of the game by staying up to finish it, from 10-ish to after midnight. As it got later and I travelled through the zone, I stopped seeing anyone else at all (I finished pre tribe #2 and well after release, so it was very low traffic). It was honestly maybe the loneliest I've ever felt in my life?  It doesn't help that I'd started the game with a once enthusiastic group who'd all lost motivation and may never get to the same point. We'd all just holidayed a few weeks prior and had a great time, but I'd been through the wringer recently and beyond Endwalker I wasn't really sure when the next thing I'd enjoy would happen. I thought about how they'd be willing me on (like, in general, but also on the climb), and it amplified the feelings I think.
it made it worse.
I didn't get really too affected by the story in that way. The whole Venat part made me wish they would at least bring some ancients back but not much beyond it. Some of the plot lines felt predictable, like at the end when they "sacrificed" themselves in Ultima Thule. I only cried at G'raha's cause he's just so sweet. I ship him so hard with my character (both miqotes). And just the fact I greatly liked and was more invested with Shadowbringers than Endwalker. The other time I cried in EW was when Urianger saw Moenbryda's parents. I was always a sucker for childhood friends/lovers, so this one was just sad. I didn't cried but I was heavily touched by Estinien stuff as well, but that might just be the fact I've personally rated the expansions Heavensward / Shadowbringers >  Endwalker / Stormblood > ARR.  Endwalker was good. It was very heavy with dread, and I definitely felt it. But I guess for myself, it was just that, dread. I've been numbed out on a lot of depressive stuff from my own experience. I can't really explain why I felt more invested with Shadowbringers than Endwalker even though they both had "end of the world" vibes as well. I can't really pin my finger on the why, but it might have been cause I was slightly disappointed. With Zodiark, they greatly built him up in Shadowbringers, but just die after a singular fight? After that, it just felt like we were too overpowered. Maybe if they chunked Zodiark more or something, maybe it'd be different. I have yet to play through post endwalker, so idk if this op ness changes.   The whole story with Meteion was kinda sad and pulled at my guilt strings given the moment they mention shes made with Dynamis. i was like, "Oh no". But idk, maybe if they gave more build up and let us sit in the final days a little more, then it would have definitely made me more depressed and invested.  Overall, with someone who's depressed and has anxiety, it didn't really affect me, Shadowbringers did that more. I bawled like a baby for that expansion like hot damn. Endwalker had the same feeling as the ending for Kingdom Hearts 3. Which, idk if that's a really weird way to explain how it felt. Maybe I'm just missing out on something. Ive heavily debated on replaying in new game plus cause my friend was extremely shocked with how numb i was towards the expansion. Hopefully, this adds some extra perspective, though.
not gonna lie, it stung a lot, though i'd like to say it helped me push forward  could certainly relate with meteion's feelings of having given up on everything after seeing how things are really going to shit everywhere, though instead of nuking everything in the universe, i just wanted to be left alone  what did help is learning that despite all the horrid stuff, there's still good things to experience in the world, so there's no reason to not keep on going  seeing meteoin going through a very similar experience did get to me, and by the end of Endwalker, i have to admit that i was crying (what didn't help that i was finishing the game at 1 am lol)  while i still do have many more problems i have to work through (trauma from severe amounts of bullying, several failures i had to deal with in crucial moments and having a generally negative opinion of myself, among other things), getting to relate with a character on at least one of my issues did hit me hard, but also helped me a decent amount  though now i have a hope that meteion ends up coming back in a future expansion even though it will probably never happen and it makes me sad :(
I always say to people who are struggling the way i was and sometimes still do with depression: "there is no easy answer, theres no magic pill to make it all better, no magic words to make it all make sense. You are the only one who can fix you."  Two things hit me really hard in endwalker, the first being venat asking if our journey was worth it. And it took a lot out of me to think about that question outside the context of the game, to ask myself if i had enjoyed my life brought in some dark thoughts i hadnt had in a while. The second was alphinaud and alsiae at the end of ultima thule, when they left me alone at the edge of the universe with parting words, "its up to you to take the next step, and the next, and all the rest after that." Goes back to what i said before about its just you in the end. You have to be the one to decide to keep walking.   Yeah there were some watery eyes in this expansion, tell you what
For me it was just loads and loads of sympathy for Metion and Hermes, I usually try not to see the similarities between media and my life (bc I would have probably collapsed under that ages ago) and see the story just for what it is.
I *completely* understood why Hermes went crazy. I didn't want to, but I did. Because, hey, if all of these creatures have to die, why do any of us deserve to live? What test have we passed?  Going on through the story *hurt.* I went back to Elpis not quite understanding what Elidibus had said. When I met Hades and Hythlodaeus, when I realized that Elpis was an entire *zone,* I started to hope. Hope is a dangerous thing for someone with depression, but I hoped.  I held out hope that I could learn what I needed to learn, be able to return home, *and* be able to create a new timeline for my enemy, my friend, Hades. I wanted to scream at him from the moment he saw me that I was from the future and I was here to help. I was *overjoyed* when I met Space Mom and she gave me my "I am totally from the future" moment. I thought, this is it. This is my chance. I can save them all from what's coming. I was *thrilled* to have this chance, to sit with my friends and tell them my truth.  I held onto that hope even after Kairos, because at least Space Mom knew. At least she could save them, from the shadows.  And when I returned from Elpis, that hope was dashed. I realized that all my efforts had changed nothing, had done nothing. I felt as though all I had done was meaningless. I was **crushed.** I slunk off to bed and curled up in a ball.  And my wife came to me, and held me, and convinced me that it was worth continuing. She convinced me not to give up on the story. She convinced me to have faith in the writers and in the story I'd been a part of for so long.  I asked her if it could really count. If I could really be the beacon of hope, the Warrior of Light, if I had to be carried to the end. Her answer was yes. That as long as I chose to believe, that it didn't matter if I needed help doing it.  I chose to have faith, and I was rewarded for that faith with the resurrection of the dead and with full and final reconciliation with my friend, only my friend, Hades. It was absolutely worth it, and I will remember that. I also got to contribute in my own way - when my wife and friends fell to Ra-la, I was the one to carry them the last sixteen percent of its health bar. An Atonement for my despair appropriate to a paladin.  So that's what I got out of it. I saw things get as dark as they could, and I came out alive because I chose to have faith. Now, perhaps this has more meaning to me than it might to others because I am currently celebrating Holy Saturday and thus faith and hope are very important parts of my life, but I hope that it has at least some meaning for you.  May you ever walk in the light.
I call it my hottest  ff14 take.  But i liked Fandaniel/hermes as a villain more than emet. Hermes was incredibly relatable to me, up until he went full overboard for kitesis.
It gave me a reason to get up in the morning for a week or two
It didn't?   That's not to say I don't feel things, but unless the game tries to make me myself involved (like a VN let's say) I am unlikely to make the connections required to get those deep cuts.    Instead I view it secondarily at best, probably more third-person. If that makes sense?
I cannot think of any piece of media that has resonated more deeply with me.  Not necessarily because I have a history of troubles here per se, but because of how incredible the journey has been in general.  If I dig deeper into my feelings though, I think it is less the specifics that affected me, and more the great, sweeping emotions and moods, the themes.   I can't say it has provided answers for me in a practical real life sense, but it's nevertheless been incredibly effective escapism.
I have persistent depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder.  Neither is something you cure or rid yourself of.  At best, you learn to live with it, to manage it.  It's your constant companion, for better or worse.  The story of the Warrior of Light and their tireless perseverance has been a beacon of inspiration to me.  This was amplified so much stronger in Endwalker, as it came down to hope versus despair.  One part stands out the most to me, and has helped me the most:  "In one fleeting moment, lives come and go. Ever moving towards the unknown. And in that fleeting moment, they cry for the answer to the question: why, given life, are they meant to suffer, to die? As fragmented, imperfect beings, yours is a never-ending quest. A quest to find your purpose, knowing your end is assured. To find the strength to continue, when all strength has left you. To find joy, even as darkness descends. And amidst deepest despair, light everlasting."  We human beings are fragmented and imperfect.  We're obsessed with finding our purpose.  And yet, we have such a short amount of time in which to do this.  So many of us go mad trying to.  Some are so terrified of this quest that they cling to anyone or anything that will give them a confident-sounding answer.  Their strength gives out.  Their joy exhausts.  The darkness threatens to close in on them.  There is no singular purpose to life.  No grand, overarching reason that applies to everyone.  It's our never-ending quest to find that purpose for ourselves.  To decide it for ourselves.  To select it or make it.  That's the point of life.  To live.  To figure out what it means for each of us.  It's a difficult thing to accept that the answers require hard work, and they aren't even guaranteed to us.  I'm living in a world where people have publicly called for my extermination.  That's not hyperbole.  Everyone's so angry right now, and sometimes it seems just living is an act of defiance.  So I defy.  I find my purpose, day by day, even in the darkness.  And I remember another part of Endwalker, too:  "Know this my children. There is more ugliness than beauty in this world.  To live is to suffer. To drink of calamity and drown in anguish. To toil and be tested, always and ever.  'Tis a perilous path you walk. Death lurks in the dark, and is the sole promise that awaits at journey's end.  You will tremble with terror. You will weep tears of anger and despair  ...but do not avert your eyes. See your life for what it is.  Then you will see how the hardships make you strong. Every doubt reforged as scales for your armor. Every agony to temper your blade."  For those we have lost.  For those we can yet save.  Including myself.
TW: Mention of Suicide     For roughly the year up to the release of Endwalker, I had been planning to die.   My depression had been the worst it's ever been in my life.    I knew, intellectually, that it hadn't always been as bad as it was, but I could no longer remember what it felt like to want to live.   One of roughly two threads I was clinging to to stay alive was that I wanted to see the end of the story that had meant so much to me over the years.   I felt like I owed it to the characters to see it through to the end before leaving.     And then it came out, and I played through a story about hope in the face of hopelessness.   I played a story about there not being one single reason that gives meaning to life, but that meaning is found in small pleasures, kindnesses shared, connections made.   About facing the truth that death is inevitable, and still looking forward to tomorrow. To a new sunrise. To the things that bring you joy, even if they're small and simple.     I won't say that it Cured Me. It didn't.   But I'm still here now, when I didn't think that I would be. When I didn't think I'd \*want\* to be.   I'm making an effort to keep in regular contact with friends, and I have a new job that gets me out of the house when I'd been a shut-in for years before.     Obviously everybody engages with fiction in their own way and through the lens of their own life, it's going to hit differently for different people, but I don' t think I'm exaggerating much if at all when I say this story might be the reason I'm still alive.
I had just experienced a deep betrayal right before release. The love of my life had been cheating at work and left me for the person when I found out. I wanted to die.   I started to believe that life is just suffering. It sent me deeper into my depression. Issues with self blame, trust, and fear became forefront and it wasn’t unlike the people turning in Endwalker.   Endwalker became a fight for hope for me. I needed to see it through. People across the world were suffering in this story. And then comes Hermes and his existential question—and the balance of life itself depending on the answer. I was hooked.   In comes Ultimate Thule. Messages and answers to the great question from all sorts of worlds. Each answer not quite the one—until Graha. God damn that Christian Rock song. I cried like a BITCH. All that grief hit me at once. But well beyond that it was the GRATITUDE. I had friends in game (our story party) and in real life supporting me and keeping me going forward.   The themes of sacrifice, love, and ADVENTURE became my answer as to why I continue. That even with suffering that I’m ALIVE and I have a STORY to see through to whatever end.   I became renewed. I called all my friends balling my eyes out and thanking them for still loving me. Today still working on myself and my grief even years after. I’m in therapy and working to fix only what I can control—myself. More importantly, I found that when you’re within gratitude then there is no where else you can be. Life has suffering, but my goodness I have an adventure and connections ahead of me. I have hope.
I have struggled with mental health with more than 20 years. When playing FFXIV I cried in the end of 5.3 after beating X because it reminded of my own struggles with anger and despair. When I was finishing EW and was in the final areas I told my mother that the feeling is getting very desperate. She asked me why I play a game like that and I didn't know what to answer. The area before ending was quite hard mentally and I really hoped for answers (sic) in the end. I'm not sure was the answer what I was hoping for or maybe it was. After finishing MSQ I decided to level gathering instead of patches. I got a chance to revisit the ending of EW when our final FC member finished MSQ and it was a whole different experience. First time I was alone and second time with friends.
Heavily... I agree with hermes, but its hard to explain the reasoning.
Endwalker was.. tough. It touched on a lot of sensitive topics and dove nose first into how awful despair can feel. Quintus's suicide was extremely difficult to stomach. He felt lost, like his life had lost meaning when he learned the truth of what was around him. How can anyone watch that entire scene and so easily shrug it off? I had to take a short break after that (and I wholly believe Squenix should have provided a warning with that cutscene).  Moving forward though, the end of the story in Ultima Thule with each Scion knowingly sacrificing themselves so that you, the player, could continue was gut-wrenching. I was crying the entire final two hours, and the slow climb to face the Endcaller was difficult. The idea that people could want to give what they could to aid or protect me was foreign.  It's my favorite story by a mile because it just felt so *real*. I wish I could experience it again for the first time.
While not clinically depressed, Endwalker and Zenos definitely reinforced my "there is no ultimate goal to life, so we get to decide for ourselves what makes ours matter" beliefs   Another game that touches on the meaning of death in a very respectful, well-written, and surprisingly enlightening way is a small game called "Outer Wilds". You'd have to gauge yourself how your thanatophobia gets triggered because death is an actual mechanic in the game, but that ending is one of the most profound insights I've gotten into what death means.
I didn't care for it to be honest. I still liked the expansion, but not so much that part of it.     Would've appreciated trigger warnings for a couple of parts too.
Made me hate everyone around me who couldn't see the problems with a narrative that pushed for conformity to suffering even when you could do something to help.     If anything it made me feel worse and disgusted with the direction of the story.
Impossible. As a communist everything is depressing. It’s easier for people to believe in magic and a pillar city in the heavens (ishgard) than to believe that poverty can be ended (referring to the beggars of Ishgard).  But at least I can appreciate beauty in the art of the game and the music!  Art always cheers me up and this game helps a lot with its beautiful architecture, clothing, design, nature, etc.
Honestly, I hated nearly all of it. From taking 2 months to finish it because I had to keep taking days long breaks during every story beat making me so feel so emotional and terrible I wound up drained/sick, to being so disgusted that >!Zenos!< was the actual final battle that I couldn't skip/tell him to eat shit and die with several minutes of his stupid rambling, that the ending was ruined for me and I stopped caring/paying attention.   I know it's not what they were going for, but the whole relying on those close to you to help carry the burden bit just made my depression worse. Okay, what if you don't or *can't* have people like that? What if every day is a thousand little external messages that you don't deserve that and no one should show you an ounce of mercy? The expansion literally painted everyone who was hurting and just wasn't able to manage it on their own as a fucking weak, soulless monster that had to be put down.   And that bit where Venat asks us if it was worth it? Honestly, without even hesitating, I just said no. And I still hate her. Especially after the Mothercrystal.  I'm just going to wait until 7.0 and pay to have my alts skip it. It was that miserable and exhausting.
Haha.  Hahahaha.  HAHAHAHAHA.  (that's me breaking into laughter to keep from crying).  I guess you could say I suffer from depression/anxiety/general apathy? I've never been diagnosed so I don't want to claim those directly. Most days are a struggle.   I started playing FFXIV in 2020, September. Right after they had updated ARR.   It was still peak COVID times, so I was able to dive in headlong.   I got to Bozja, and playing in a desolate war field while being "locked" in the house during the holidays instead of being with family was rough.  When Endwalker came out, I was still reeling from that feeling, and still handling social isolation.   Multiple times, Endwalker broke me in the best ways. It helped me appreciate my close friends. It made me appreciate relationships that can grow and evolve. It made me appreciate the highs and the lows of life. It also showed me how easy it is to sink into despair, and oh buddy did I not need that mirror in my face.  I occasionally rewatch certain scenes/listen to select songs if I'm feeling exceptionally down and need some kind of pick me up.   In short: Endwalker impacted me greatly. It helped provide me with sources of hope on dark days.
Trigger Warning: miscarriage At the end of 2021 I became severely ill and was hospitalized for nearly two weeks. Turned out to be an autoimmune disease and I made it just in time before any irreversible damage happened to my own body. But I was pregnant and lost my baby at 13 weeks. Needless to say, I was in a horrible headspace. In a way, it was oddly therapeutic to play through the Endwalker story. Not everyone got a clean happy ending. But the overall message of fighting through the difficulties and still managing to find hope was definitely something I needed. I don’t enjoy watching people suffer, but it was nice to see a story where the characters struggled to see the positives in difficult times and helped me realize I was allowed to be upset by what happened and that we deserve time to grieve our circumstances. It also pushed me to rely on my friends and family (especially my husband who was very supportive but was also going through a difficult time ). I think that’s the hardest part about any mental health emergency, whether clinical or otherwise. Your mind tells you that you have to get over it, or go it alone. And that’s the most dangerous part. It was nice to see the Warrior of Light need help from their loved ones, especially because your character seems so larger than life. If even this superhero needs to rely on someone, then why can’t I? Hope that makes sense. Doing a lot better and I just recently delivered a healthy little one. But I definitely recommend anyone who has experienced a loss to have someone go through the story ahead a bit as there were some parts that I had to skip to keep from getting into a bad mindset again at the time (namely Thavnair and Ultima Thule).
I lost my mother to cancer a year before Endwalker came out. Honestly, Endwalker barely affected me at first because there was just pre devastation. It wasn't until a few months ago that I started to move past the depression and start living again. I've been having a stronger resonance with it since then, but before then, I was just dead inside.
As I was playing through, I was mired in this horrific, dark stank of a mindset. I was close to giving up. I was close to writing a letter and letting that be the last time any part of me felt something. It sounds stupid, but even though I felt this way, still  I wanted to figure out the rest of the story before I bit shit. I'd put in a significant amount of time and got a little invested, why not. What was a couple more weeks at the most?  After I defeated the Endsinger, and went through the ending with the scions calling out and then crying at my close death, I don't know - something broke in me, in a good way this time. This stupid game, I swear. I was RESOLUTE before I started to wrap up the story...but after that I couldn't do it. It started with Fandaniel being my favorite character, but by the end my little fella was my favorite. For making it, for pulling through, for banding with his allies and fighting against despair. I did indeed find where lied hope and happiness, and I love this dumb game so, so much.
I was suffering from a deep sense of loneliness and depressed about my direction in life and for the first time in a while; through the choking, hiccuping sobs on the way up those stairs, I started to feel hope.   The ending was incredibly beautiful and it's something I will never forget. A game has never impacted me so deeply.
As others have said the message of hope and persistence in the face of despair isn't groundbreaking. For instance, Endwalker's handling of the theme reminded me of Lord of the Rings where despair is described as something only for those who know all ends. Since no one can know all ends,  there is always reason to hope that things can be improved. Despair, which is formed of root words that literally mean "lack of hope," is therefore not justifiable.   Although the message isn't new, since depression and similar problems usually don't have a cure, it is easy for a long rough patch to leave the message forgotten, so reminders like the story of Endwalker are beneficial. In this manner, Endwalker's message isn't a cure, but it is an uplifting pat on the back to restore one's spirits during the journey. To Endwalker's credit, I find the message more believable from it because the devs could have quit after FFXIV 1.0 failed. Soken's could have quit when undergoing cancer treatment. Endwalker's message comes from people who have overcome difficulties, so it rings truer than it otherwise might.   Technically, Endwalker gives the player a "final" victory in the sense Meteion is defeated, but as the player's fight continues with every patch and expansion, thematically I think it fits better to view the fight as ongoing. Just as in the game, there will inevitably be new difficulties in life. Even if victory seems impossible, any hope of making things better depends on continuing to fight.
Weirdly the despair/etc arc didn’t really affect me, sure I cried a lot because there were so many moving parts of the story (Eoreza rallying behind the effort to get parts for the teeny tiny toy boat had be crying massively (and a recent replay too), but more in the overwhelming joy.  The part of the story that did affect me negatively and has lead me to fear replays/etc is the suicide. That was not nice to come across the first time I played, no warnings or anything, could maybe guess it was likely to happen just before it did, but that first play through I was suffering quite badly IRL (PTSD and a whole heap of other horrible stuff happening) so yeah…. Last play through I did I kinda paused for a day or two to gear myself up and basically skipped all cutscenes around that segment. It’s the only part of the game that has affected me in this way.
It depressed me (as someone with depression and anxiety), insomuch as I knew the whole way through I wouldn’t have made it to the end. If -I- was the WoL, I know I would have succumbed to the bad juju dynamis, so I had to play through it almost as a “what if”.  That said, the end got to me good, and did improve my spirits somewhat permanently, so that’s what made me love the ending so much about the power of hope and trying your best in the face of hopelessness.  I haven’t had a game make me feel that since Nier: Automata, and that’s my favorite series of all time. So it was good. It was sad. It was hard. But it was good.
Honestly I took it lightly with a 'you go girl, you tell em' and 'right idea, wrong approach'
Need a spoiler alert on this
It didn’t. Story was good though.
It made me accept my mortality and live in the moment, because I'll grow old sooner than finish the MSQ and get to Endwalker
To be honest, it didn't hit me that hard compared to Heavensward and Shadowbringers.
Like any other expansion.  It is a game, not the real life. There is no big birb singing us into despair.  The game that really affected me was Xenoblade Chronicles 3, its theme of immortality and mortality are pretty interesting
Only one response to this. If you want a game that tackles mortality with a different approach, try Transistor. Or if you have the time, FFXIV Crisis Core, one of the best games to make it to the PSP.
I felt insulted. I feel like Hermes and Meteion made a literal joke out of what I have been feeling and struggling with for some years now.   Meteion felt like a literal 13 year old's misapprehension of nihilism, the kind of characteristic misreading from people who claim to understand nihilistic concepts by skimming the concepts and forming their own incomplete and faulty conclusions. Her writing is the embodiment of the first pubescent existential crisis that many of us have but often quickly get over, the kind that's brought on by affective outside circumstances and not a symptom of the genuine, dysfunctional, anhedonic type of depression that I and many others with. She's the picture of a teenager's first despair, and I'm not a teenager. The game wins no points for reducing me to a whining child.  Hermes was supposed to be the character that related with me. He was supposed to be the character whose struggles resonated with my own, who felt his own efforts were coming to nothing and no one shared or even cared about his values. Okay. There is a lot of difference between the sort of depression where you feel like a mindless husk dragging yourself out of bed and trying to force yourself to function, and the kind of depression that makes you put on your supervillain mask, ask grandiose but bullshit questions like a spy movie villain, play god, and doom the universe in the space of like 3 hours.   I don't even want to continue that line of thought. His character is so unfathomably insufferable. It insults me that this was considered a relatable character, and it insults me even more that the writer thought we'd like him? *What?* This brand of utter tone-deafness is why I left Endwalker with an extremely bitter taste in my mouth as soon as the credits began.
Zenos's answer to the meaning of life is 'I don't care, I just live and I'm about to make that everyone's problem.'
I had assumed you would be above something so banal as despair. Am I mistaken?
People can hate Zenos all they want, but him showing up at the end and saying about the big bad threatening to end all life in the universe, "Is this your prey? Why does it still live?" is the most badass thing anybody has ever said about our character.
I really didn't like Zenos before EW but they used him so well in EW as a juxtaposition to so many characters in the last story arc who were all "why even try to exist, it's pointless, give in," etc. Zenos had a clear purpose, fight his best pal to the death. That we don't yet have a minion for him makes me hope he survived the ending, but in a way where he can't fight good no more and has to find some new reason for existing. Would be the coolest custom deliveries NPC, lol. But I'd be less happy if he came back for a prominent part in 7.0+ MSQ story.
I think this is the biggest part that got me in endwalker. That walk had me real crying.
Okay but what about a nectarine tree-- /j  Seriously though, a good read. Thank you for sharing:')
"Mmmm! Nothing like Available\_Promise445 apple pie!"  Joking aside, that was a wonderful account. Thank you.
Just wanted to say that I relate to so much of this, and that this was such a beautiful writeup. Thank you for sharing and for your vulnerability, and your strength and courage too.
Nothing says lovin' like "please eat my offspring!"  ;)
I caught COVID back in December of 2022 and developed thanatophobia because I thought/felt like I was going to die.  I literally had to quit playing through EW because during the final days part when people were being corrupted into perma-death it straight up made me freak out about the concept of such a death. To not only get killed but to never return to the lifestream itself? That was fucked up.   But playing through the rest of EW and doing the Omicron beast tribe quests has helped me out actually. I still fear death and get uncomfortable at talking about it, but it's nice to know that even those doomed civilizations were given a better ending, and like some other comments have said the whole cycle of rebirth thing is a comfort at least.
Cold Death of the universe actually. We're expanding, not contracting, there's just about no way at all for a Heat Death.  Check out Quantum Immortality Theory also, it'll help you feel better.
My problem with how stories depict mental illness is that nobody is ever *just mentally ill*. There's always a fixable external reason for it. Always a demon you can kill, or some event in the past that you just have to come to terms with and then you're fine.  That's not how it works in real life and it instantly cheapens the metaphor.
Same, honestly. There were definitely some parts that I really enjoyed, but I didn't really get all that emotional over anything to do with >!Meteion. It doesn't help that the game didn't even really try to pretend like it was going to kill everyone, the first thing Urianger says after Thancred sacrifices himself is that "Oh I'm sure we'll find a way to bring him back" and then Y'shtola says "Oh you can just summon us with your button thing, but don't." Like, I wasn't under any illusions any scions would die (None have since Papalymo. Barely any good guys die.), but it would have been nice to pretend.!<  What made me a little emotional is >!When everyone we've ever helped comes pouring in and helps us finish the Ragnarok. I teared up a little there. It had a tangible connection to my actual experience in the gameplay, rather than emotional baggage and shit I figured out years ago.!<
Pretty much word for word, this. I enjoyed it a lot, there's a lot of good cutscenes, quotes, and music. But it didn't resonate for me in a way a lot of others in the thread felt.
Same. Pre pandemic years have been bad, I lost several family members. Each time the pain got manageable another tragedy happened and 2020 was the year I wanted to work towards moving forward more only for lockdowns and isolation with plans put on hold for years.  However playing EW and especially in addition to venats question when urianger meets moenbrydas parents got me. I could relate to his journey through grief. EW overall reiterated that I need to remind myself more that there is always hope and room to grow and to find happiness. Probably  because I forged a friendship in game over the course EW that means a lot to me and that I am sure has impacted both our lives for the better.
As a new parent, the baby scene really broke me. My then-infant was actually in my arms when I first watched the scene from my partner's playthrough and it messed me up even more.
Relatable. I had friends literally get mad at me and cold shoulder me over not liking Endwalker.
I didn't hate it as much as you did, but pretty much everything to do with Meteion or the Scions "sacrificing" themselves just felt really melodramatic and I had a hard time caring. I liked a lot of the other shit, The Dragons, The Ea, The Omicrons, but those two specific things really didn't land for me.
Why would you come in here if the title says we're gonna talk about Endwalker and you haven't gotten there yet?
Honestly to OP that just that whole endwalker Zenos Trip helped me. I know someone way worse then me and honestly she hurt me pretty deeply during endwalker, got me way worse in many ways. But Zenos bitch i am a dragon made me remember who i was and that it is only my own prinzipells which will make me whole again . I know i'm misinterpreting the Charakter by a lot, but just remembering some scenes with him inspires me to strugle more just so i will one Day die with a smile
I really appreciate all of the positive comments here, it was, honestly, unexpected. And I cried a little seeing them lmao.  And I actually talked to my wife about what kind of tree and they informed me that fruit trees are not as long-lasting, so it's gonna have to be a nut tree of some sort. Which is fine to me. Producing something of value from my remaining energy is all I'm really concerned with.  Nectarines are boss tho.
Hey, I get it. I really do.  I lost my grandmother and stepfather in the same weekend due to COVID and even though both had issues prior that likely contributed? It was still really difficult knowing that these people were here and lucid one second? And just...Gone the next.  I don't think it's the end though. I think the core of the universe is love. As smooshy and as stupid as that sounds, I don't think we ever go to a bad place...And I don't think we cease. I'm also convinced that we are here for a reason, even if it's a small, seemingly insignificant one? Like, maybe we're only here to make one other person happy. Or maybe we are here to brighten the days of strangers. Or maybe we are here to post pseudo-woo comments on Reddit in the hope it might help someone to face trauma or fear.  I've dealt with Thanatophobia since I was...About 13? And I used to keep it locked up. Avoid it. Since I've been more open and talked about it? Since I've been more willing to accept a sort of...Spiritualism or vague system of belief that appeals to me? It's helped a lot. I'd been convinced that the best course was to avoid the topic, but talking it out has done more good than repression ever has.
The expansion of the universe *is* what leads to heat death – not a "hot death" but the "death of heat".   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heat_death_of_the_universe
I've looked into that!  One of the things I actually found most helpful is the research done into NDEs and past-life recall? There's been some really fascinating studies. And by past-life recall, I don't mean a bunch of goofballs claiming to be famous. Moreso, studies where children recalled intimate details of past lives that were largely mundane and inconsequential, but verifiable.  It's also actually been kind of comforting to look further into the idea of the cyclic universe; where even when heat death or the Big Chill occurs? There's still a possibility that the universe has another Big Bang due to the universe achieving a state of equilibrium similar to pre-Big Bang conditions.
Try the Storm light trilogy.  They're good at mental illness being irrational and just a thing
For the former, I never took the game as throwing that as the case, to me it was always showing that each trusted you and felt safe making those choices because of that.
That's a death by expansion and would cause a cooling not a heating. I think you're saying a double negative in effect.  Big Rip is death by cooling - there'd be no viable motion at all, so yes 'death of heat' but callign it 'heat death' isn't correct, because there IS another concept for the death of the universe that uses 'heat death' colloquially to describe it.  That would be done by the inverse, if the universe contracted to another 'singularity' like what was effectively at The Big Bang, the remaining particles would be packed so tightly that they'd be doing nothing BUT movement causing a superfluidic plasma as the entirety of what's left of reality.
You can always be comforted in a multiverse if nothing else. And in said multiverse there's always 'a you' that is existing/alive.   And in said multiverse a single universe is akin to a single penny to a bajillionaire.  Also there's a theory about membrane universes. And if two touch even if briefly they could start a Big Bang making another distinct universe....or universal membrane.   But yes, I'm with you re: reincarnation stories and NDEs. I've done research into all that myself. Got a good bit of thanatosophobia as well, but after researching them and several other things, including quantum physics, multiverse, etc etc etc, I fought that by thinking.  I made a religion of my own. my own philosophy. It's helped quite a lot. Once I solidified how I saw reality and how I think things probably are (the things we can't scientifically explain atm), things got better for me.  I suggest you do it yourself!
That's pretty much what I've done. It's basically eternal recurrence, but without the whole...We only live one way for all time. No nebulous end goal, no real point to it. Just infinity experiencing infinity, one day at a time.
Jesse, you're playing a video game.
I’m not against putting new gameplay mechanics 200 hours into your game, but at the very least add some audio cues or an easy mode for accessibility
No, they don’t need to be fired. You need to go touch grass though.
The mission even lampshades the annoyance when he runs away from you (again) and gets jumped. Something like "As much as he needs to learn the hard way that you can't walk around unarmed in a ruined city overrun by monsters, it wouldn't be heroic to let him get torn apart." If the quest wasn't tied to an Aether current, I'd have dropped it immediately.   I wouldn't go so far as wish for someone to get fired over it, though.
Yikes lol.  Is this satire? Please say yes.
Firing might be a bit overboard, but I do also hate this addition. That and the "stealth" sections during EW MSQ.
I didn't find them negative at all.
They went a bit overboard on them, I’d agree.
Sounds like a skill issue.
Only after they fire the guy who insists on putting those “x is now accompanying you” quests in, those were torture at EW release.  It least they enabled mounts and aetherytes for them now.  But yeah follow missions kinda suck, especially the one you’re talking about.
Would you rather: no more follower missions, or no more QTEs?
I don't understand why escort/follow quests even exist anymore in games. I'm sure there are people who don't mind them but most people I've discussed it with loathe such quests and I've never seen anyone go "Huzzah, finally an escort/stalking quest, I've been waiting for so looong!".
The shitposts giveth and the shitposts taketh.
walking around with the scions is great, I wish we could optionally do it more often ambiently. idk.
QTEs are fine as long as they kill only the people who fail instead of wiping the whole party because of one person failing. Follow missions are always a pain in the ass, only made bearable by the fact you usually only have to do them once ever.
No offense to those two you linked but they’re pretty generic. Your picture won’t look exactly like either of them though because a lot of people do some editing or good gposing and sometimes even mods. It’s also dependent on lighting and composition. The same characters in different screenshots might look a bit different.   Why bother trying to get it down to the exact same detail, down to jaw shape or mouth shape? Just do what you like in character creation.  I see a lot of people on this sub trying to do this and I genuinely don’t understand the appeal of attempting to copy another character exactly. Some of the details are so minute that literally no one will ever notice them.  Edit: for a while there were dozens of posts about one particular streamer’s character and I just don’t get it.
I mean, what you have is probably already close? Those characters in the pics are doing expressions, you're never gonna match their exact "vibes" unless you're doing the same expressions and their characters probably have the same "blank cat boy stare" when they're not gposing.
I understand what you're saying and I get that they're pretty generic, no worries!  Personally, I just like how they look and I don't plan to copy it down to the last detail, but just to get some of the features right. I'm pretty big on gposing and glamour when it comes to this game, and I want my character to look attractive!
You're most definitely right, the blank cat boy stare was just bothering me even though I know I can't get around it. After some more time spent in the character customization screen, I've decided to just roll with what I got. Thank you!
What I think r/Baithin said just above, and as for my opinion as well, is that you should create at best your own character with what your heart tells you to choose in all that customization choices. I'd personally feel both touched that you like my character, for example, and yet, weird to see a duplicate of myself running around, if you see what I mean.     All characters are unique and attractive in their own ways. Personally for me, that mancat isn't into my kind of "attractiveness". (still cute though!)   Those miqo's have pretty glams, if I must say.      All in all, if you are content with what you made, you should go with that. Because in the end, it's your character and your story! :D
Yeah, you're definitely right! Thank you for your words, I really appreciate it! :')
Try deleting the folder /home/deck/.xlcore/wineprefix, this is typically the first step I recommend on the launcher's support Discord someone else linked.
The XIVLauncher discord has a linux & steam deck help channel, have you tried asking there?  Link to discord: https://discord.gg/holdshift
Have you tried it with the official launcher?  There might be an issue caused with the mods so you might want to try and rule that out first.
This seems to have fixed it. Deleted wineprefix and also the FFXIV.cfg file and now everything seems to be working now.   Thank you!
It's not normal but it also doesn't matter. Any action you do in this situation is just further wasting your time.  Leave? Locked out of roulette.  Try to help them get better? They ignore you or this sparks an argument which annoys everyone, wasting time.  Try to kick them? Gata wait 5 minutes first. Ok five minutes have passed but now we're waiting on loot, no one is rolling. Next boss dies before previous loot can roll. If by some miracle you do kick them now you're waiting for an extra player. When they finally catch up you're on the way to the last boss and now they'll help you kill the boss 30 seconds faster.
Running into casual players in casual content isn't worth raising my blood pressure. Trying to change/improve those players is, sadly, a fool's errand.
Your completely right. There’s nothing wrong with expecting DPS players to put in the modicum of effort it would take to out DPS a tank/healer.  The sad reality though is many players fall short of this consistently, so it is ‘normal’. With the TOS’s stance against talking about player performance, and the FFXIV communities super pro-casual and anti-putting-in-effort mindset there’s not going to be any changes or improvements in this area.   I’ve just learned to not take it seriously and try to get a laugh out of it when the top 10 DPS output players in an alliance raid includes two healers and a tank. I don’t like the state of things, but we can’t change it, and getting upset by it would just raise my stress for no reason.
Am a casual gamer. Can't speak for others, but i always try my best to be a great team player. I'm sure I'm not the perfect player but I appreciate when others give me tips on dungeons and I use them. My biggest issue as a noob is the jargon people use in the game. Many times I don't understand what they're talking about. For instance, I didn't understand what "tank stance" meant and they kept yelling it at me for a few dungeons when I was practicing Dark Knight. I thought I was doing the thing but then I told them idk what that means and they explained it to me. Mann I wish I knew that 2 weeks ago! What happened was I kept toggling it off and on bc I didn't realize it just stays until you turn it off. Goofy me but hey, I learned and I do well now!  I just suggest for some noobs, using plain language if they don't seem to be receptive. Buut if they're unappreciative and don't care, the boot! :)
It's not normal, but the majority of the time it's not worth getting upset or starting an argument about
Last I heard... healing does generate a decent amount of aggro. That's why the Tank needs to keep doing their job, so the enemies don't get distracted and take out your Healer.  So if all you're doing is looking at the threat meters, and you see yourself pulling ahead of the DPS, that's probably why.
In the FFXIV community finder, discords, pfinder, etc, I would look for an FC/linkshell/static that is full of players who do both serious content and also daily roulettes. This way you won't run into this problem as much, and you get shorter queue times so it's a double-win.
This is why I run things with my FC. No stress ...DPS dps
Sometimes it's just hard to tell what exactly they are doing wrong and if I don't have constructive advice to give, I'm just not going to bother. And unless it is going abysmally slow, I probably wouldn't notice if 1 person is doing subpar damage unless I just happen to notice them doing something weird. It's generally just easier to notice when a tank or healer screws up.
Yeah if I see this I usually just leave the instance.  It's not worth getting frustrated or arguing with random people.  Just go about your own business and enjoy your game.
If you are in the World Cup and you play poorly, the consequence is that your team may lose the most prestigious and widely viewed sporting event in the world.  If you are in a playoff match on a professional soccer team and you play poorly, the consequence is that your contract may not be renewed or you might earn significantly less.  If you are on a high school soccer tournament match and you play poorly, the consequence is that you might not secure a sports scholarship.  If you are playing a casual game of soccer with friends and you play poorly, the consequence is that you might get teased for how bad you are (if you have shitty friends).  If you are playing soccer in gym class and you play poorly, the consequence is that your gym teacher might make a comment to you at the end of class about putting in more effort.  If you are a literal six-year-old child running around a park kicking an underinflated Fisher-Price beach ball, and you do it poorly, there is no consequence for that.  We, as MMO players, are below that six-year-old. We're playing a video game for fun. One can (with enough delusion) argue that because time to play is limited, making something in the game take longer harms the other people because their real actual time is being wasted, but you know damn well that when the dungeon takes 19 minutes, you aren't upset because that's 5 fewer minutes that you would have been able to spend working on your Nobel Prize. You would've spent that time standing in Limsa, updating your retainers, memeing to your FC and swiveling your camera to look up a femroe's skirt.  The reason it upsets you isn't because your time is valuable, it's because your effort is valuable. You put at least some effort into doing well, and if people don't acknowledge that that's *the right way to play*—if they don't demonstrate through their own play that they also share that value—then it de-legitimatizes the effort that you made. You need a community that agrees that people ought to play the way that you're playing in order to bolster how proud you are of yourself, like a speedrunner who needs a public leaderboard to reinforce how good it is to beat a game as fast as possible. It is for this sentiment that the phase "touch grass" was coined. It is not actually important to play a video game well, other than the contentment that *you* get from *you* doing well. Any perceived importance beyond that, especially if it's to the point where you're saying "it's a real issue" and "it honestly makes me upset", is evidence that maybe you could benefit from recalibrating your priorities.
If the people you're talking about won't bother to read their skills what makes you think they'll do tutorials? This is not the devs fault.
Hmn, I can only speak from my point of view, I usually do dps, console player, been playing since ARR, I try to learn my rotation and do what I can to put down the enemies as fast as I can, but as long as no one is dying, and mechanics are being done, I dont see a reason to just make yourself angry looking at everyone's performance or lack thereof.  My laid back attitude may also come from playing WoW first, the addons, the dps meter, the constant competing with other people to be the best, I just don't care anymore? I just want to relax on my couch and do some roulettes after work
As so many of the comments here demonstrate, toxic *positivity* is very much a thing in FFXIV. "If their play style is to be dead weight and demand that the rest of the group carry them through the content that's their right! Offering any suggestions or criticisms makes *you* the bad person!".  Usually accompanied by the classic "You don't pay their sub!", though strangely this logic never gets applied in reverse, that the "My RP is to only use auto attack!" player isn't paying the subs of the 3 to 23 other players whose time they are wasting.
This is the *exact* reason why damage meters are against ToS. People bitching about meaningless stuff and how they think other people ought to play the game.  Some players are bad. Some players are disabled. Some simply don’t care. If you don’t want to play with them, just use Party Finder.
If the thing dies , who cares.  If you wipe repeatedly just eat the deserter debuff, complete fail groups are exceedingly rare and I play on Crystal that has a rep for casuals who don’t know how to raid.
Shitters gonna shit.  It is what it is.
>	I’m fully prepared to be downvoted into the abyss  wasn’t going to  definitely am now, thx for the suggestion ☺️
The aggro/emnity list is often a tougher enemy.  I don't have any DPS meter (my cousin had one for a test and it was only partially working so we both ditched them) so I got used to try to read the emnity list for performances in trials. Just yesterday I had Innocence or whatever the trial is called and I started with Fleche and all that and had a headstart, but after that I routinely went to 5. That is where I am in a tough competition and everyone does their job in an 8-man. Suddenly I fell to 6 and occasionally 7. I was baffled because I was over-equipped (580) for that Shadowbringer duty.   It must have looked like I am slacking. But I didn't. It was a flawless run. But then, I also took care of adds while other focussed on the main boss and so I was stuck at 7.
You're right on every single point and i 100% agree with you. **However** FFXIV is full of disinterested casual players and if you dare critiquing people you risk having a talk with GMs... This ends-up normalizing playing bad because "it's just casual content".
dont want casuals in your casual que, que with a group.     That or suck it up
I hear you, I was a healer and 3rd on aggro on the barb trial. Plot twist: the only true newbie who apologized at the beginning was a BLM and was 4th. Respect.
I guess I've been lucky, only encountered such specimen a couple of times myself.  I'm not counting the NIN who DoTon the bosses though.  But the amount of melee dps who don't seem to bother with positions is a bit insane. Either that or True North doesn't show in the buff list because I NEVER see it.
I personally don’t really mind honestly, compared to a bad tank or a healer which can cause wipes, a bad dps will usually just make a dungeon or something take a few minutes longer. Of course, it’d be great if people could play their job well and do their rotation correctly, but it’s rarely worth the effort of telling them to learn their job when they probably won’t listen anyway
as someone with all jobs 90, who still does my roulettes very often- i can safely say… i dont know what the hell yall talking about 😂  idk what game youre playing, but i hardly ever find myself in the company of all these countless trash players people come to reddit to complain about. maybe my queues are just lucky
Have you ever just considered not being an asshole?  Just speaking as a healer who has often dealt with DPS that don't seem to do their job, but I try to make sure they get through it anyway.  Just accept the reality that people in FFXIV are less likely to be as *gamer* as you are. It's a game built for many different types. And if your first assumption is that everyone else is conspiring to just not try at the game, have you ever considered that you're just a tryhard? If I wanted to play with a competitive nature, I'd go play like Siege or something.  That said, I did experience healing an entire alliance raid with myself and another healer cause every other healer left because they didn't like the raid we got (world of darkness) so it's not like i'm incapable of being a good healer saying this. I just feel like it's a disgusting mentality to have.  "Oh wow these people aren't good at the game they aren't trying hard enough" is the "people are lazy and don't wanna work anymore" of the FFXIV community. You sound like an idiot saying it.  And I really don't care about being downvoted about this. I really think the lot of y'all are the worst level of toxic in this community. Not to say it's all sunshine and rainbows but god damn y'all can't let anyone just enjoy themselves.
Because the anti DPS meter stance they've taken make it very difficult to actually mention it in game. And the kind of shit tier players you see not bothering to press their buttons to begin with are the same people who will report you out of spite. In order to get a kick through you'd have to make an argument to support it without mentioning how you know it's their damage that sucks and not the other DPS's. The will take more effort then just soloing the dungeon without them does.  OP is right though for example I did the new dungeon a few days ago both DPS were 630 and for every boss it looked like this  RPR - 10K    GNB - 7K   SAM - 4.5K  WHM - 4.5K  That SAM by all rights should be kicked if it were a Tank or Healer doing that little they would have been I often do dungeons with a friend and we usually Tank+Heal it and it is not at all uncommon to see one or both of us ahead of both DPS for the entire run.  It's a problem at all tiers of content too you will see these deadweight people trying to get carried in EX, Savage and even Ultimate in PF. It has always been a problem and because of SE's stupid stance on a damage meter you cannot really do anything about it either.
you might enjoy WoW a bit more than FFXIV, you should check it out
You’re not wrong. But by the time you notice they’re sandbagging, people finally roll for loot, and the 5 min requirement to kick is done, you’re likely almost done with the dungeon. And even if you manage to convince another person to kick the dps (enablers am I right?) You’re now down a player which is of course a dps loss, regardless of how bad they played, until another person fills in. Dungeons simply don’t last long enough to warrant this option most of the time.   You would be kicking people out of principle instead of wanting the dungeon to go faster. Most people want to get in an out of the dungeon in the quickest way possible, and sadly, suffering with a mouthbreather dps in most circumstances is the better route.
I like to feel that I almost agree with you. I fall into the category where I'm not the best player in a dungeon or raid but I 'm not the worst and I can hold my own but I do make mistakes that said my wife....ugh!      I got my wife into this game about 6 months ago now as she is a huge anime fan, way more than I am.  Anyhow, I've tried teaching her about rotations and openers by giving her guides. I bought her a 12-Button MMO mouse to help her with keybinds and I've instructed her to get used to using A&D or Q&E to strafe during combat and to always be pushing something, ABC (Always be Casting).       She's now level 90 I've taken it upon myself to get her the full Rinascita gear and she even got the Manderville weapon for herself, the only catch is.....She's bad and it shows. When we do content together I'm a Sage healer and she mains a Reaper so I'm constantly having to pick her up off the floor and watching as her DPS as terribly below everyone in the party.     Example of things she does:   1) Only uses the mouse to move   2) Clicks all of her abilities   3) Because of the 2 above she has to stop moving to use any of her abilities  4) Does not understand how to weave so she will just click all of her ABILITIES in a row like : True North, Feint, Second Wind,  and Bloodbath     That about sums it up and that explains it and no matter how many times I try to get her to change - she won't. I've even blatantly told her "There's no reason at this part of the game you should be doing 3k dps and even me as the healer is doing 10k."      That said she enjoys the game and loves the story. I'm happy her and I can talk about a game's story together and it's the first MMO I've really got her hooked on.  Also, I wouldn't be against it if someone kicked her from the group or said something to her as just like you would a Tank or healer they need to pull their weight.
I've thought about this, is it just because most dps arn't going crazy with aoe damage? Like, dps i think mostly have aoe combos but they arn't completely blowing out a supports aoe potency right? Like, SGE for instance has a ton of aoe potency when compared to dps classes right? So a SGE doing as much if not more damage than a healer during a 90 dungeon isn't actually that crazy?
If you're still clearing the content, why does it matter? Sure, it may be slower sometimes but it's really not a big deal. If underperformance is causing wipes, then of course it makes sense to do something about it but if it's just making your dungeon run a couple minutes longer what's the point?   I think assuming that most people are lazy or just don't care is unfair, as there's plenty of people who are new to mmos, new to the job theyre playing, or just don't pick up things as quickly as others. Not to mention just people being tired or just playing to relax. These people are human too and you have no idea whats going on with them. If you give advice and they ignore it or give you attitude then you have a right to be annoyed but I can't imagine the vast majority of players are like that.  I also feel like it'd create an uncomfortable and unwelcoming environment for newer players if people constantly called others out. I recently started leveling some DPS I haven't touched in like a year and even with looking up rotations and trying to educate myself there were still things I didn't quite get and I probably wasn't doing great dps my first few dungeons. I would be absolutely mortified if someone called me out on it, even nicely. If that happened back when I was a sprout, that might have turned me off from the game entirely.  Like, I get it. I use the dps overlay and chuckle a little when I out dps someone as a healer. It's never been a problem in clearing things so I don't see a point in mentioning it. I recently had an abysmal tank; scared to pull, only auto attacked, wasn't even wearing gloves. No idea if she just didn't know what to do or was just nervous but she apologized profusely. The other dps tried to give her some tips and encouragement.The dungeon took much, much longer than it should have but we cleared it so who cares? I find things like that break up the monotony of leveling dungeons, anyway. If you're looking for faster, more optimized clears then you shouldn't be using DF in the first place and certainly not mentor roulette. And if you don't have the patience for people who aren't playing great I feel like that defeats the purpose of being a mentor as well.
Only thing you can really do is to just run roulettes with your raid group. Having at least one other person to run those content with helps with the experience immensely.
You've just explained my daily thought and action process. Sad but very true.
More often than not the best decision is to just deal with it.
Yeah I guess it really is a fool's errand, but I don't think it's fair to put the blame on "casual players". I have several friends who play very casually but still do their part to learn what they can and perform their role.  EDIT: I'm really interested about why this reply specifically is receiving downvotes, I'm literally trying to shift the blame away from those who consider themselves "casual players". Do people really believe it's wrong to do that? Or is it something like I'm taking away the main excuse and those who find themselves targeted by the original post don't want to lose their metaphorical shield? This is really confusing.
Yeah you're right, there's no changing it I guess. I've definitely learned that after seeing some of the comments here. I've also learned that I'm not completely alone though which is nice even if it doesn't really mean anything.
I think this is why the icons look different now for the actions when you turn on your tanking stance. Because I used to see a lot of people have it in some sort of rotation when they were new
I appreciate the fact that you were willing to accept the fact you were doing something wrong and try and fix it. That's a lot more than most players I run into seem to be capable of, I often find myself completely ignored.
yeah this - I'll just grumble to myself and endure it for twenty minutes
But I feel like it is worth talking about though, if I didn't then I wouldn't have made this post. It's so common that it's hard to ignore and after seeing it hundreds of times it really doesn't get any better. The amount of time I've spent inside a dungeon past what I'd consider "reasonable clear time" probably amounts to days of my life at this point.
This is how I feel until maybe the group wipes 3 times say during the Gaius fight when there’s a dps check and the healer just sits there and doesn’t contribute or use the healing spells they should be using but instead cure spamming til they’re out of mp. Sometimes I don’t fault the people though as much as I may fault the games early designs that may not explain things well enough but hey, here we are. This also isn’t a common occurrence it happens maybe 1/50 duties for me so getting upset ain’t ever worth.
Damage deals a lot more aggro than healing though. SGE heals from Kardia no longer generate aggro as of 6.2. Regens (including medica 2, Physis, Whispering Dawn, Helios 2, etc.) only generate aggro on their cast, not their subsequent HoTs. Furthermore, these classes try not to GCD heal that often, because healing is quite overtuned and GCD heals are largely unnecessary.  So most of the time, you're not really pressing a lot of healing buttons, you're doing tank maintenance  while spamming Dyskrasia, or Holy, or Gravity, etc. This means most of what the aggro indicator is comparing is threat generated by damage.   It's true that Healing Job's damage on mobs can be a little higher because their one button AOE rotation has a fair amount of AOE potency in there and there's no fall off (mostly). But the aggro indicator isn't looking at damage spread across the whole mob, but damage dealt (and hate generated) to that single enemy. With that in mind it is also true that all DPS jobs should be out-damaging a SCH spamming Art of War in level 90 dungeons.   If the SAM (or indeed any DPS) is fourth in aggro behind the healer and dancer, you can safely switch Dance Partner to the healer or possibly the tank.
You don'[t need to actually heal Tanks if there using their skills correctly unless it's a DRK so his theoretical situation still works he could be just sitting there doing damage and not healing.
I understand this and I often do find myself trying to find groups I'm happier playing the game with. The problem however is right now (and what actually inspired me to make this post) I'm trying to complete the 2k mentor roulette activities for the mount. The only option for me there is to queue completely solo unfortunately.
I suppose that's completely dependent on how well you know each job. But yeah I think in general the easiest roles to identify issues on are Healers, BLM/RDM and Tanks.
That's some epic level copium right there. "No, see, being terrible at the game and refusing to put in even a minimal effort to do anything makes me more mature because I'm not wasting my time "trying" for a video game!"  The six year old kicking around the under inflated fisher price ball for fun is generally putting in more skill and effort than your average "You don't pay my sub!" Player.  Though bonus points for the whole "If you're not working on a Nobel Prize your time is worthless and I'm entitled to waste as much of it as I want.", that's a level of toxic casual I haven't actually seen before.
No. It really is because I just value my time, it's because I want to be out of that roulette in a reasonable amount of time and into another one to progress something I've set myself on a path towards because I wanted to. A lot of your comment just seems like projecting. I didn't think it would be hard to believe that I simply value my time but here I stand corrected I guess.
Tutorials don't necessarily have to be opt-in. They could be forced, as in you have to complete them in order to progress. It's not a good fix, I never claimed it was. I think as a regular player and somebody who isn't a game dev the responsibility of finding a good fix isn't mine anyway. It was simply a suggestion.
If you try to learn your rotation sometimes then it's likely you're not the target of this post, even if you do care very little and just want to relax while playing. Trying to learn your rotation is doing more than most players.
I think you're being unnecessarily aggressive just because DPS was mentioned. That is exactly what I think the issue really stems from. I understand bad players exist, I've gone over that. I also understand disabled players exist, and I have no problem with that either. Maybe I'm wrong, but the vast majority of players aren't disabled. I don't think I'm "bitching" I think I'm being relatively reasonable but it's whatever I guess? I also don't think time is meaningless, which is the main reason I wish more people would put more effort in. I've said it somewhere else in here, but some people have limited time to play and are further limited by other players ignoring what the multiplayer game they're playing throws at them. I think that can be a pretty miserable experience at times.
Yes the thing will most likely, eventually die. But some people have limited time to play daily, some can't even play at all some days. I'm fortunate enough not to be one of those people right now. But I can't imagine the frustration of having to spend extra time in every instance solely because other people won't put in the same amount of effort as you when you know you only have 2-3 hours to play. I think time itself is a pretty big deal, to me there isn't much worse than wasting somebody else's potentially limited time to enjoy themselves or further limit the progress they're able to make on something they strive towards. Obviously it's hard to call every scenario time wasting, but I don't think it's a stretch to say that somebody who ignores the gameplay in the massively multiplayer game they're willingly playing is a time waster.
Why comment something that adds nothing to the post and clearly only exists in an attempt to insult the poster? I guess this is why I tend to avoid reddit.
My issue isn't with "casual players". I don't think that's where the issue lies and I think shifting the blame to people playing casually is wrong and unfair. I have many friends who play very casually yet still try to learn new things about the job/role they're playing. I think it's just a lack of effort across many different groups of players.
You gain enormous amount of aggro from all healing and shields. Being high on the aggro list as a healer is not a sign of high dps but of over-healing 99.9%+ of the time.
That NIN is painfully common lol. And yeah idk if I'm just really unlucky or what but I've been on the mentor roulette grind and about 1.4k in I'm seeing way more than I'd like to.
Again, another unnecessarily aggressive comment while I was only trying to be reasonable. There's nothing "tryhard" about wanting and expecting people to read their new abilities as they get them, or wanting them to perform their role in a role based massively multiplayer game. This type of aggressive, name-calling backlash at what would otherwise be civil discussion is a leading factor in why this issue exists in the first place. It's fine to not agree with me, but why respond by calling me an asshole? The most common argument against DPS meters is because they will "bring toxicity", yet we house players like this who jump at other people for asking people to try and work on self improvement. It makes no sense and it's beyond hypocritical. You are by far the most toxic person here.
I think you're very brave for sharing your thoughts on damage meters here. I do agree with you. I don't think it would be the end of the world if they were allowed and I also don't think the game would become the unsalvageable toxic wasteland people seem to believe it would be if they weren't against ToS. I highly doubt they will ever be allowed though, people are just TOO against it at this point and I don't see that changing.
I've thought about it a lot, but decided against it. I've tried to look at WoW and think I might enjoy it but from the excessive add-on usage in raiding and just overall how the game looks I think FFXIV seems more fun to me personally. I also can't really just get myself to stop playing a game I've put 12k hours into and it would also mean leaving a lot of friends behind or juggling and paying for 2 MMOs at once. It's not something I want to do.
I don't agree with the dungeon almost being done most of the time when the requirements to kick a player are met, but I do think you're right about the rest. Kicking somebody is always at least a temporary DPS loss even if they're barely doing anything and there's no telling if the player replacing them will be any better.
That's... rough. I have no idea how I'd go about bringing this up to somebody that close to me, I'd worry too much about upsetting them (you know, because hearing that kind of thing from somebody close tends to hurt more and often comes off as disappointment). I'm glad you can both enjoy the game together still, and I hope she does eventually make some improvements so that everybody involved can enjoy the game more.
Eh, I guess "casual player" is on a spectrum or something. I do like your sentiment of wanting to get at least 1 person to wake up and improve. I've approached situations with that mentality, with little success though XD.
yeah it's not "casual players", just idiots who can't be bothered to do their weight.
There are dedicated subs for venting about this and it gives some catharthis, but it also risks making you jaded even faster.  Other than emotional relief, there's simply not much to be gained by discussion at this point, at least about casual content.
You're queuing for mentor roulette, the roulette that exists to match you with people new to the game, and you're getting upset that people are playing suboptimally?  Absolutely incredible.
And then it gets more complicated if you're in lower level content. Are they not using X ability, or do they just not have it at this level?   For things without cast bars, I would only probably notice not using aoe in trash and lack of raid buffs and even then, I would need to actually be paying attention.
Which part of my post led you to believe that I'm terrible at the game?
Take an honest look at your post. The crux of it is "why is this normal/allowed behavior when it should be called out?" It is the mindset that you are attacking, not the loss of efficiency that results from that mindset. People show disinterest in improving, and *that* is what confuses you. You explicitly stated this.
When job skills were locked behind job quests some people would just not get them.
I think you're fine. Their comment is an example of why I'm annoyed at SE's anti-meters/toxicity stance. Players take it too far the other way to excuse poor play. Being generically casual, unskilled, new, or whatever is one thing. I can tolerate that stuff. Hiding behind the "don't tell me how to play" excuse is a whole different beast.
Then find an FC that measures up to your demands.
you should keep avoiding it imo…
This is a "you" problem.   "these people need to be better in MY game" its not your game, its everyones game.   Don't like the way randoms play? Don't play with randoms, you don't pay their sub
Somehow I doubt that greatly. I'd post a screenshot of this group, everyone except the tanks had less hp than I. Undergearing also counts. But I'm just an internet rando, wha t do I know. I've only played MMOs for 21 years.
Funnily enough the WoW devs are trying to implement fights where the usage of add-ons won’t work for certain mechanics and would need people to actually figure it out.
Unless the dps in question is just practically afk then yea. In my opinion and experience those are severe outliers if they manage to drag on a dungeon that hard. There’s also the fact that people just don’t. fucking. roll. for. loot. So there’s also that can play into the dungeon being basically almost over once there’s an opportunity to kick.    For me most of the time if a dps is huffing paint but everyone else is doing fine, we’re finishing the second boss and are on the final w2w.
It's rough I'm not going to lie. I try to be honest with her but in a respectful way and try to find things that she could do better. She does get visibly upset at herself when she messed up but it kills me when she refuses to take the steps needed to fix said mistakes.
Correct me if I'm wrong but it does not match you with people who are "new to the game". I'm pretty sure it just throws you in anything it can find a space in, I've have very, very many where there are no sprouts in sight and multiple people have several jobs at max level. It honestly feels entirely random and the people I'm talking about are actually other mentors sometimes too. I'm also trying to exclude all content below level 50 because that's what I believe to be the learning/introductory section of the game, I'm not referring to anything prior to HW. That's probably something I should have mentioned earlier, but now you know I guess. The entire "Mentor" system is incredibly misleading, there is no requirement for mentor that makes them qualified to teach anybody anything therefore I don't think they can be expected to be teachers. I'm confident that "mentor" only exists for people who like the crown icon.
Yes. But those weren't forced either, they were (unfortunately) an optional sidequest.
I agree with you completely. Instead of the extreme that people seem to believe we would have if DPS meters were allowed, we have the opposite extreme of having people being able to excuse poor play and ignorance with no consequence. It's a much bigger thing than just being bad at the game, if it was just an issue of bad players I wouldn't have ever made this post. It's about effort, or lack thereof.
Some content can only be queued solo, Mentor Roulette for example. At the end of the day I guess we have to agree to disagree but personally I don't think it's right to say "just find people to play with then" instead of expecting people to carry their own weight in a massively multiplayer game where roles exist and multiplayer content is forced in order to progress.
I never once said "these people need to be better in MY game". The game isn't mine alone and I understand that. I want other players to also understand that and treat their party members like humans, to treat them with enough respect to at least perform the role they chose to play. I merely asked for players to put in the minimum effort that should be expected in a massively multiplayer role based game in which multiplayer content is forced in order to progress and was met with the standard troll response of "you don't pay their sub". Tragic.
If it's everyone's game, then shouldn't people aspire to a bare minimum of competence so they don't waste everyone else's time? Weird selfish take
Getting a bad group sucks, but it’s not as common as you make it sound.  I bet you also get mad if someone watches cut scenes too (though no one here would admit to that).  Not everything is about getting you your times as fast as possible.  There is a reason roulettes exist and why they have the rewards they have.
Go make friends or stay mad and make this reddits generic rant post that comes through every few hours, wonder which one you did? Tragic.
Don't like the way pugs are gonna play? Get a group     Que with pugs? You get what you get
I don't get mad at people for watching cutscenes, they're not for me but why would I be angry at somebody else for wanting to watch the story in a game they paid for? That doesn't make much sense. I will however admit that if I'm playing with somebody who is putting in barely any effort (as in overhealing constantly or not using AoE on multiple targets) and then they also decide to watch cutscenes on top of that as if the other players in the dungeon don't exist and their time doesn't matter, I will get somewhat frustrated with them for not treating other people like people. I won't say anything in the chat, but if somebody isn't putting any effort into the game then they shouldn't expect me to wait for their cutscene either. If the player is obviously trying to be useful then sure, I'll wait unless somebody pulls before me.
No, the 30 days comes from buying A Realm Reborn and applying it to your account, whether or not this is from the Starter edition OR the Complete Edition  Since you've already bought the Starter edition, then you've already redeemed your 30 days  Just buy Endwalker + a sub fee to get access to everything
You only get a 30 days sub with the initial purchase of FFXIV, sadly.
No, sub time only comes with the starter edition which you have  Buy endwalker.
Sadly, you only get the free 30 days when you made the Starter Edition purchase. Expansions do not include game time. Just buy Endwalker and an Entry-level sub. It will also get you Shadowbringers as well. Unfortunately, there was a recent sale on FFXIV and its expansions, so they are going to be regular price.  A LOT has changed since 2019. So don't be too surprised to find that your hotbars are filled with crossed out spaces.
At level 82 you arent really missing any major things from your level 90 rotation except paradox.  So single target would look like this: B3 B4 filler F3 3xF4 F1 3xF4 despair repeat with xenoglossy and thunder procs as needed for filler or movement. Use sharpcast for thunder refreshes, use all your CDs as they come up and use triple/swift for movement or dps gain whatever the situation needs. The only difference to level 90 is the missing paradox in ice phase (and the F1 just being a paradox)  AoE is already entirely complete. HiB2 Freeze 3xHiF2 2xFlare repeat. Thunder and Foul with the same roles as single target basically. If you have triple available you can skip one HiF2 for more dps.
[This is kept updated. ](https://www.thebalanceffxiv.com/jobs/casters/black-mage/leveling-guide/)
Thanks!
Yeah, take some time away from the game. Engage in some self-care and come back once you feel like you're in a better place emotionally. The game should be fun, and for you, right now, it doesn't seem to be. And that's okay. The game will be there when you're ready for it again. Your emotional needs come before some pixels.
One option would be to find friends who play the game with you. Maybe not IRL friends, but an FC or Linkshell so things don't feel quite as lonely  It might also be healthy for you to take a step back if need be until you're in a better mental space; associating the game with the breakup may just be emotionally taxing you
Sincerely: You should play a different game. You now associate FFXIV with something bad. Maybe for a short while, maybe for a long while, maybe forever, I don't know. The game will most likely still be there when you come back feeling better.
Honestly, a break from the game would be good. I stayed away after my last breakup for a few months and just recently got back to it. Maybe dip a toe in a new game and see how it feels? Sorry about your break-up. 💜
Cancel your sub. Take a bit of time to do you. Get better. When you feel the itch, come back to the game. Renew your sub and log back into your character. Immediately start looking for free companies, link shells, and other kind of community systems and start trying to make friends.  Then see how you feel after a little while of that.
Do.  Something.  Else.  If something makes you feel meh, and you don't need to do it to make money or survive, stop doing it.
Oh man, that really sucks. If you've been playing this game with some kind of significant other, playing it alone is goimg to be tough. My ex and I ised to play wow A LOT. We broke up, and now I can't go back to wow. Maybe take a break? Maybe find another game until the wound is healed?
Literally, and with the kindest intentions, come back later.
Not worth playing if you're not enjoying it. You can always come back later.
Therapy.
As someone who was in a very similar place, take some time away. Reevaluate if you think the game is fun to play, or if the person was fun to play with.   You don't have to do something that hurts you if you have control over it.
If you actively do want to keep playing, level some other class.  Especially if it's completely different from what you've been playing.  Personally, leveling healers was the most draining of all others for me.  But otherwise while you're still feeling the hurt, it's better to take a break.  You don't want to associate ALL the experiences of the game with one person that's gone.  That's how I lost interest in all my previous hobbies.
You should not be playing games for a while, take a break and find some stuff in RL to keep you busy. Gym, books, familiy, friends, work, go party, study or something. It give you time to refocus on youre situation.
If you feel drained by the game, try to find another game that you don't feel drained by, or honestly try to get out and do something physically with friends, if you can.  It sounds like you went through a rough place, and there's not need to force yourself to do something that isn't bringing you joy and reminds you of your pain--even if it is subconsciously.  The game will always be here, you can come back to it when/if you want. Take care of yourself first.     Games I like to lose myself into:  * The Wandering Village -- adorable city builder on top of a wandering beast. Chill and fun * Ixion - survival builder in space with great visuals and music. Hard and gritty * Stellaris - long-form 4x game set in the stars, with lots of Star Trek influence * Core Keeper -- adorable builder/adventure game, top-down. Good with a few friends
You still have Zoidberg
OP literally rolls in to call the MT a "delusional bottom"
I always enjoy looking at these. Thanks for posting!
I like it
https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitpostXIV/comments/nuv0f5/commissioned_a_friend_to_draw_my_static/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=1
I stan Chief now
how dare people talk about their little communities in Naoki Yoshida's Massively Multiplayer Online Hello Kitty Catgirl simulator
If you don’t like it, you don’t have to respond
You can't have fun in the slightest without that sub complaining about it
Shitpost versions of fandom subs really do have 2 flavors (sometimes both) huh  One being silly & oddly wholesome in how freely you can post & see uncreative but relevant/dumb/actually high-effort jokes,   the other being hostile saltmines filled with unfunny edgy bullies/"satire" masking whiny fits/malding.
I don't know about Squenix in particular, but a lot of companies in general will put the code on the receipt or packing slip or something. Other times it's a little business card looking thing tucked away in the box.
Is the seller claiming to have the code included? Many statues for sale would either be codeless or extremely costly as the statue hasn't been sold by SQEX directly for years.
Hmm, I thought mine was on the flaps. I can check when I get home if you don't find an answer by then (in like 9 hours).
I have returned, and yeah my code was on one of the [top flaps.](https://i.imgur.com/adaE1r4.jpg)
I recall the same thing.  Mine was one of the original releases, so I don't know if anything has changed or if Aitaikuji does it differently.
The Mac client is essentially the windows client wrapped in an emulation layer, so you won't get comparable performance to the client running natively on Windows. That said, the M2 does an admirable job and running the game on medium settings should be quite feasible. You might have to reduce the resolution somewhat to get higher fps. One other thing to consider is storage, however. The client takes up some 60-70 GByte already, depending on what else you want to store on that disc 512 GB might not be enough. Oh, and finally, do visit [XIVonMac ](http://xivmac.com) and use their launcher (it's actually the only way to run the game on MacOS 13.3 right now, since the official launcher doesn't work and won't be fixed anytime soon... Small indie company and stuff, y'know)
I have it on a Mac Mini M2 and use xivonmac. I have the graphics turned up to the max and see about 40-45 fps. I’m a pretty casual gamer so this works well for me.   Prior to that I played on a MacBook Air M1 with xivonmac. I don’t recall what I had for settings but it was reasonably high and ran pretty well.   While neither of these match what you’re contemplating, hopefully it helps give some assurance that the M2 should work just fine with FFXIV.
Whatever you decide, there's a big graphical update expected in 7.0 (which is probably about a year away) so bear that in mind too.
MacBook Air is overpaying for tech that’s over a decade old.  Spend less money on something that isn’t a dated piece of garbage.
I do not agree at all. I have almost settled for a Samsung Book3 Pro with Windows 11, 16GB, 512Go, 14” Screen, Intel Core i7-1360P, Intel Iris Xe Graphics. They have a €100 of difference, but, the Samsung is in fact weaker when we take a look at its performances. So, you pay more for less because you have to add more to get the same performance as on a MacBook Pro M2 14”.
You'll encounter a little bit of lag, but lots of people raid in different regions than where they are from and it works ok.  Xeno for example, his ultimate static is on EU and he is NA.
Try to at least connect your PC/laptop by internet cable instead of wifi and it will be doable
You'll be fine, i've been in the same boat as you for about 8 years, its mostly just getting used to input timings, faster jobs like Ninja (Mudra's can be rough) or Monk are a bit harder to manage but its nothing you can't adapt to.  Double weaving cooldowns is nearly inpossible for me without clipping but that isn't something you need to do often anyway.  Just expect to be hit by an AOE you were totally out of every so often and you'll be good.
You’ll probably be fine. I’m in the UK and I play on US servers with a Finn, a Canadian and two Yanks. The only time we’ve ever noticed an issue was when I was on hotel internet in the Czech Republic. Now, we’re not doing high end content or anything, but it’s been no problems so far.
I've cleared the first savage tier of Endwalker on high ping (playing on NA servers while being from EU like you).  You'll just have to get a feel for the timing of when to move out of AOEs.
As a lot of people said, there are ways to overcome possible ping issues with legal and illegal options, but, as a person that plays on 230 ping and does savage content normally, it isn't that big of an issue? Granted, I'm a blue parsing player at best, but you can do endgame content with high ping and no other stuff without any issues at all, you just need to get used to it.
EU player on NA server here.   I encounter a bit of ping, it makes Double-Weaving difficult. Otherwise, you might get Snapshot by some AoEs you will be sure you escaped but the game decided otherwise.  I recommend a program like XIV Alexander. It clips animations, making it possible for me to consistently double-weave. Anything else you just gotta play a bit safer than you usually need to.
I do endgame content on NA with my friends and I'm from EU, I use protonVPN and noclippy (mods are illegal) which allow me to play on a even playing field as a person with normal ping.  Doing the normal and casual content is completely fine on high ping. The problems start to really show if you try to do endgame content like extreme/savage/ultimate fights.   Regardless, I would advise you to try out the game without any vpns or addons (illegal lol), and then maybe try them out later when you've played the game for a bit to see if it helps you out.
One of my FC is from EU, we do savage together from time to time. It's fine for the most part. Just don't do double weaving. And might want to avoid playing MCH or NIN.
yeah not a problem at all,  i've done it in the past, and still know people who've completed all content with ~250 (au-eu on consoles)  definitely easier game with lower ping, but nothing that can't be adjusted around once you get used to it.  you can still dish out numbers good enough to beat anything, you can work around mechanics, you just have less wiggle room  i've never liked ninja so can't speak to that, but rdm was the only real problem i've ever had with high ping, even mch was workable to an extent but rdm and dualcast issues was infuriating  the biggest shock is when you go back to low ping and start blowing yourself up because you have gotten used to running back into AOES  before the cast bar has finished, and how much more wiggle room the game gives you with mechanics.
All story content is perfectly doable with a ping of 200\~ (an average cross-region connection between NA and EU)  EX content should be fine, and so should most Savage content with a few quirks where you have to play "ahead" of the visuals on screen. Ultimates I don't have experience with, but I'd imagine it's just generally tighter execution.  The main issue IMO is that there would not be a lot of players online during the day for you. Unless those friends stick with you long-term, you'll have a hard time finding other people to play with during reasonable hours. I have a few European friends who regretted playing on NA with their friends because...the timezone dissonance meant the game was a lot more dead for them lol.  In terms of latency, however, you should be fine. My bf is in Mexico but plays with me on EU servers, and he can perform just fine in hardcore contents where latency \*does\* start to kick in.
MNK isn't really a major issue anymore due to the lack of weaves, it's very GCD heavy, and when it does need to weave you can just single weave the entire time  It does require some extra planning though if you're trying to hit a mitigation during a burst window due to the lack of double weaving opportunities
All dps, and really all jobs, are perfectly easy to play to an okay level. If you care about being decent at it and read your tooltips, you will probably already beat the median.
I would say its about average on the difficulty scale. Grasping the rotation is fairly simple but it is also a caster so gotta deal with cast times and has a rotation is  slightly dependent on procs.
[Obligatory link to one of WeskAlber's guides](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZtMIKhpuHY)  As others have mentioned, it's not that complicated once you get used to it:  * use your faster spells to "dual cast" your slower spells instantly * build "white" and "black" mana, keep them not too far apart * when you have enough mana, it's stabbing time
Red mage is pretty straightforward once you grasp the basics.  You have a trait called dualcast, when you cast a spell with a cast time your next spell is instant. You cast weaker spells with short cast times so that you can cast a stronger spell with a long cast instantly. You balance your meter which fills with white or black mana depending on the spells you cast. At 50/50 meter you can use a strong and quick melee combo, which gets strong finishing spells added onto the end at higher levels.
I'm new and so far Red Mage is my favorite DPS by far. Complex enough to feel like I actually have to pay attention but not so complicated that I've gotta plan out my moves 5 steps ahead of time.
Performance-wise, RDM is fine. It does around the same damage as SMN but less than BLM even when accounting for raid buffs, since RDM also comes with extra utility  It's not terribly complex, you are regularly alternating between two types of magic (black and white) to build up a resource that you spend on a melee combo. You get a trait that makes every second spell you cast instant, so you burn that on spells with longer cast times.  The part that can make RDM slightly more complex is that  * It is mildly proc-based, meaning that some spells have a chance of allowing you to use other spells (verthunder -> verfire and veraero -> verstone)  * You have a melee combo, and you want to get off as many of these as possible, but it also means that you want to make sure you're not using melee at a really bad time  There are of course other optimization things that will come by, but those are the big ones that you'd encounter as an early RDM
Red Mage does little to prepare you for other DPS jobs, but it's fun. Not too hard, but keeps you on your toes.
If I swipe away all the bias for the arts of the sword-wielding red-clad mages, I'd say you have things to care about other damage dealers don't have to, but these "pathways" make Red Mage so fantastic. It's like a toolbox full of wonderful things you can do to your enemies. And all of them lead to success.  However, when you get into melee, you need to be more cautious, because we still have HP and resistance of a mage but are next to our more well-armored and beefed up party members, but it's part of our job to figure out when to start a fencing duel and when better not :)  (Yes, I died recently because I got 1000 Ponze swung\^\^)
Casting your cooldowns every once and a while and just doing your 1-2-3 makes you better than average which should boggle the mind until you see a Black Mage swapping between ice and fire to "Keep their MP up"
And please for the love of God remember that dual cast works on any spell. I've seen multiple red mages do their rotation fine but then hard cast verraise
*Zero dps/curebot healers who never dip below 80% mp without touching lucid dreaming when you ask them to maybe toss out a stone or two:*
Red mage hard casting the long cast spells  PLD using clemancy while at almost full health  Tanks spamming provoke (while they are the ot with no stance on.. Cause it's part of their "rotation")   Tanks not using CD's in wall to wall pull  Tanks popping all cds in single pulls  Ruin summoners, no carby out  Dps using single target rotation in big pulls  The list goes on, I'm a healer main so I see all this stuff on occasion
Don't forget Bards who don't play songs and Dancers who never partner. Double points if they're in an expert run and triple points for a mentor crown.
Can't even imagine their score if it was an expert run, burger king crown with a legend title then
Well yes, Lodestone identities are defined by a characters Datacentre. If you have moved Datacentre then the lodestone page variables would also change
**Your characters are safe**, it is only the lodestone data that needs to "transfer". I'm having the same issue. I can log *into the game* just fine with my character but my blogs and comments have all been "deleted" as the lodestone considers the character to be also "deleted".
Yep I'm able to play as well. I'm just concerned since It never happened to me (or maybe I just didn't noticed it from back then) since I used to world transfer a lot. Curious on when It'll be back up though.
I think it has to do with changing datacenters of different regions. This didn't happen at all for any of my transfers that ocurred inside the datacenter's region, only when I moved from Raiden(EU) to Famfrit(US). Someone on the lodestone transferred from Diabolos to Hallicanarcuss(sp?) and it updated right away, but both of those are US servers. If you performed the latter, this could be a random lodestone bug introduced from its recent maintenance.
For the ARR weapons, once you have completed the Zeta weapon, you can go back to Drake and buy replicas of previous steps, which are used for Glamour purposes.
In order to get replicas for ARR relics, you have to complete the entire quest line and then talk to Drake either with the finished relic in your possession or having turned it in to get astral/umbral nodules for the HW relic. You can stop doing the quest right now but then you're stuck with the Nexus weapon and can't get any of the prior forms
As others said, once you finish the entire relic, Drake will sell replicas of any of the steps to you either if you're carrying the Zeta or if you convert your weapon into crystals for the first step of a HW relic. (This changes in future expansions, replicas unlock when you complete the step for a new glowing weapon, it will immediately unlock the previous step's glowing and non-glowing form on the replica vendor.)  I would suggest you strongly consider converting your Zeta weapons in for credit to the HW when you're done (but first do the one-time follow-up quest 'The Vital Title', requires you to be holding a Zeta weapon, and replicas don't count) because unlike future relics, there's nothing in the game actually tracking your progress with the ARR relic.  If you decide to just hold onto the Zeta weapon, you'll not only be taking up an inventory slot (for each Zeta weapon), but if you were to accidentally discard or somehow lose it, there's again nothing tracking your completion, so you would have to start the relic wayyyyy back from the Atma FATE step.  Unless you have a problem seeing 'Replica' on the name when you use them for glamour, I always suggest converting them, especially since you call it a 'horror quest line', I don't think you'd want to risk doing it all over again. LOL
I held onto my Zeta weapon, since grinding the 6 crystals is super fast now.
Like I said, it's not really about the 6 crystals so much as the potential for losing the Zeta weapon and having to do the entire quest over again.  I had already finished the Lux weapons first, but still converted them anyway.  It doesn't happen too often, but you'll see posts about it on Reddit every now and then from people who didn't realize how the system worked. On a related note, I remember seeing a screenshot last month of someone who accidentally desynth'd an Ultimate weapon, not sure if you can do that to the Zetas.  Losing a Zeta would be something I'd spend my item restore on, but remember, you only get one for the entire lifetime of your account. If you don't mind a Replica stamp on your glamour name, just convert it - but you do you if you want to keep the original!
I guess I am misunderstanding..since I have my weapon at the last step, the replicas should be unlocked. Why would i convert it?
If you do not convert the Zeta to crystals, you need to have it in your inventory to purchase replicas. If you happen to lose it for whatever reason, accidental discard, etc, you are completely out of luck. No Zeta, no replicas to purchase. If you convert to crystals, the replicas are always available for purchase.
Oh..wow thats dumb. I'll have to check when I get home.
Yeah, it's very dumb. Thankfully they changed the way it works in future expansions.  I don't understand why it works the way it does, why the trigger for the game to remember your ARR relic progress is tied to converting it in a whole new expansion rather than simply obtaining the Zeta... you don't get an achievement for finishing each Zeta weapon, but you don't get an achievement for converting them either, so it's not tied to that.  Just a weird, archaic part of the game, I guess.
The critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV, with an expanded free trial which you can play through the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award-winning Heavensward expansion up to level 60 for free with no restrictions on playtime (Not as a bunny tho)
Promotional Video. Basically essentially a commercial for Japanese people.
Advertise a game called Final Fantasy XIV.
(,which is a terrible atrocity)
>a commercial for Japanese people  In Japan, they just call them commercials
But what do they call Chinese Chicken Salad in China???
🤔
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_chicken_salad  I guess based on history, Chinese-American Chicken Salad?  🤷‍♂️
Yes, you keep your character.   Once you buy the game, you must pay for the subscription in order to keep playing. For some reason some people think the first part of the game is free-to-play even after buying the game.   Follow Main Story, practically everything is locked behind continuing the story.   There is no need to rush through leveling, the main story quest line will give you enough XP to level you until the end.
Generally speaking stick to the MSQ quests, doing those gives you tons of exp for your character and the story is pretty good as well!  However if you see a blue quest marker with a !+ on it, that means that quest _unlocks_ something. Be it a dungeon, other class, or features like the aesthetition(aka dude that lets you change your haircolor and style) it'll have one of those blue quests.  Quests of note:  Lv 15: If I had a glamour and Color your world: these quests are from the same npc in Horizon and gives you both the glamour and dye features  It Could Happen To You: located in Ul'Dah, this unlocks the gold saucer, which is an area full of mini games   Rising to the Challenge: in Limsa Lominsa, this unlocks the challenge log, which basically gives you a crapton of EXP every time you complete a weekly "challenge" which essentially is crap you'd be doing anyways  Lv 20 quest, but needs msq progression: My Little Chocobo: this unlocks at wherever the grand company is that you chose, lets you use mounts.  Lv 30 quest: My Feisty Little Chocobo: this unlocks in South shroud in Camp Tranquil, this lets you summon your chocobo to fight with you. (I generally recommend leveling it up as a healer because it's incredibly useful to have a little healbot following you around but that's up to you)  [you can see all thr other unlock quests here](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Content_Unlock)  ALSO! Once you hit lv 15, go ahead and talk to the guy with a green sprout above his head to unlock Hall of thr Novice. This gives you a little duty thing you can run that teaches you how to play the role of class you picked, and gives you a pretty nice set of gear as well. That will typically last till you hit about lv 30, in which case gear from Haukke Manor or lv 30 quest gear is an upgrade.
It’s basically good to do all of the blue + quests as you come across except for the ones that unlock new classes.. unless you want to play that class now.
Added notes: Do the MSQ and your class/job quests! So many abilities are locked behind those job quests as well as the Jobs from your starting class (conjurer to white mage, gladiator to paladin, thurnaturge to black mage, etc).  I have seen too many groups in 40+ dungeon content with party members so stuck on their original class that it makes my head hurt.
TexTools is the program you will want to use to extra the STL file, which you can then put into Blender to prepare a 3D Print.  As for if anybody has done it or will do it, try checking out Etsy, I see that type of stuff all the time for other weapons/gear.
I'd be willing to put that on the island sanctuary.
I like the little nod to One Piece you have in there.
Ohoho I was wondering if anyone would notice ;)
> (to this day I'm still confused how Limsa legalized pirates)  Limsa didn't make pirates legal.  Pirates made Limsa legal, as in they grouped together and understood that to enjoy the relative stability of a city state they'd have to agree to certain laws and restrictions.    Many of them operate as privateers (they're given permits to perform freelance piracy as long as they only go after particular targets (Garlemald) and follow certain rules), but there are also pirate crews ignoring these rules.  Some of them try to pretend they're playing fair so they can still dock in Limsa and trade, but when Lominsan authorities know that a crew is breaking their laws they do still go after them.  Sort of.  It gets a bit messy with so many of them still fondly remembering their own history of piracy and having complicated feelings about hunting others down for doing what they used to do.
The HW dungeon with the griffin at the end. The soliders inside were trapped by the sudden cold and snow. They resorted to cannibalism.
Sastasha, the pirate's den, is filled with npcs (mainly Miqo'te and Lalafells) that are basically currently held as sex slaves.  If you played the last patch MSQ, you've probably seen a certain character's flashback, it's pretty clear what the people in the flashback were on their way to do.
In one of the HW raids, there are undead ads that cry and plead for mercy, clearly self aware but not in control. One of the level 70 raids have transformed creatures that also cry out upon death for release. Both are related to that content.   SAM quests. In a nutshell. You are a vigilante and it gets complicated.   ... there's a lot, honestly. The trial series for ShB is heavy, but chill and do side quests in any ShB zone and you'll hear some dark or sad stories actually.   Tamtara Deepcroft.
Well idk about side stories, but i had always thought the monsters garlamald used to fight were machines, since they're always speaking about war machina. But then i was rerunning castrum Albania and... You see the people being transformed into monsters through science... The bike people monsters...they used to be human. It's horrible.
I remember there's a part in ARR where you meet a guy who was a Garlean prisoner along with his mother and sister. He says something like, "being women, they had it much worse than me..." and when the family was cornered after escaping, the mother and sister killed themselves rather than be recaptured. Pretty clear implications. :(
There are a lot of implied rape in ARR. I don't remember any in the Expansions, but I remember being shocked at it in ARR.
One of the early Samurai quests involves investigating a corrupt money lender in Ul'dah. He entraps a young woman who took gil from him to pay for medication, then prepares to hand her over to a corrupt Brass Blades captain. At one point, the woman is explicitly told she's being sold into sexual slavery.    Part of the Rogue's questline involves assassinating several pirates who are preparing to transfer prisoners to waiting slave ships offshore.    An early Astrologian quest involves rescuing your instructor before she's sent to a pleasure barge iirc. Apparently such disappearances are still too common in Limsa.   Satasha has a side room and the Captain's Quarters where several miqo'te and Lalafell women are held in captivity.   The ARR Hildibrand questline outright states Ultros is a frequent patron of Ul'dah's brothels. Not really dark, but a bit disturbing.    You can see a conversation between Imperials when sneaking into Ala Mhigo, one admonishing his partner for "having a tumble with a savage", the other quite pleased by the experience. In Ala Ghiri as well iirc, you can find a prostitute who speaks briefly of poor treatment from the Garleans.    Eorzea itself is a fairly bleak place I'd argue for the average citizen.
In one of the Little Ladies Day event, you met the ghost of a little girl that was kidnapped long ago. It was heavily implied that she was raped, tortured and killed.   In one of the Gunbreaker job quest, you stop an addicted woman from selling her own son into slavery so she can buy more drugs.   In the Red Mage job quests, you face a cabal of mages where every member is basically kidnapped and brainwashed into servitude.   These are only three from the top of my head but there are a lot more. FFXIV doesn't really hold back when it comes to dark stories.
The Sorrow of Werlyt (ShB trials) questline is about torture, brainwashing, and human experimentation. To call it dark would be putting it mildly.  Vanaspati. Like, the entire dungeon. Especially the trash packs.  Il Mheg's pixies and fuath are amoral killers. Yes, there's no drought of murderers among our allies, but these two will absolutely take out whoever they like just because they can. Turning people into bushes as a joke. Drowning people in puddles because you're lonely. Pixies and fuath are terrifying, and the only reason they're even on our side is because we literally saved them from annihilation.
Eorzea remains a fantasy world that tries to really hammer in the fact that if you're not a well-known person or rich you're gonna have a bad time.  In-between the rape vibes of Limsa, the racist shit in Gridania and the class war environment of Ul'dah, everywhere sucks.
It's present in every expansion, if you look. Murder, rape, slavery...some examples are more subtle or not tied to the MSQ, but if you know what you're looking at it's there.  This game does a very good job, given its rating and restrictions, to show the dark, ugly side of war and adventuring.
People mention Satasha for its… “treasures” as an excellent example but I’d like to point out Satasha (hard).  The girls didn’t make it out. Some of the trash pulls you fight are Leviathan tempered slaves, twisted to the point of monstrosity, just like the pirates.
Indeed, there are several *dark* stories in FFXIV. Most of them written by none other than Natsuko Ishikawa.  * Alchemist ARR quests (and to a lesser extent HW as well) * *All* DRK job quests. *All of them.* * Certain portions of the Rogue class quests * Much of Doma in Stormblood (all the stuff about Yotsuyu...)  There are others that don't involve her though. Some of the SCH stuff is pretty dark, in part because the Wanderer's Palace is dark. Anything involving Mhach. The Red Mage quests have some surprisingly dark bits to them. Reaper isn't as edgy-darkness as you might think, but has a bit of that.
It's not even a side story thing, but ARR is like, kinda fucked up. Like during the Ifrit quest, everyone except the WoL is tempered and once you kill Ifrit, people are like "yeah I know all these people were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but better to execute them then risk another summoning". Logically it makes sense. In practice it's kinda fucked up, especially since after ShB there's actually a cure for tempering.  In terms of "side" content, the Minstrel's Ballad is kinda... weird. Like for Endsinger it's "hypothetically, what if Meteon destroyed a lot more worlds" which... ok but also waaay too soon.
Early ARR Monk quests are dark, >!you find out members of the Brass Blades have been kidnapping/extorting people into sexual slavery.!<  Same with the Nin >!You have to stop terrorists from blowing up the Admirals Tower/Mizzenmast. Later on you have to bring justice to a Ninja master who massacred an entire village of Nin, let his best student get blamed for it, then blackmailed/coerced said student into going against his beliefs and working for Garlemald.!<
Even with everything you see during the course. I'd go with the lead-up and execution of Baesars wall... it's a straight-up massacre and you see most of it.  (The death toxin was a prophecy only and end walker has elements you see slices of rather than immersed in.)
The Gridanian Goldsmith.  Starting in the Great Gubal Library, you can read journals by a guy who is super horny for succubi and makes a lot of voidsent dolls.  Inspired by Lady Almandine's transformation, he builds puppet bodies into which he attempts to summon voidsent.  He gets in extra trouble after kidnapping a homeless woman, tying her down, and trying to make *her* a succubus. He is ultimately hanged for crimes related to summoning.  The minion descriptions for voidsent minions like Succubus, Cloud of Darkness, and Calofistieri all indicate they were designed by him, sometimes including creepy affectionate notes on the minion's body.  Most recently in 6.3, the journals in Lapis Manalis imply that the Reapers' training mannequin, Galatea Magna, was also designed by the goldsmith, so if you're one of the people who simped over Galatea's pictures in the 6.3 pre-release, you have similar tastes to a horny kidnapping voidsent occultist who fucks with dolls.
Ya New Game+ has been a blessing and a curse. I was all excited to re-run some of my job quests but man some of these stories are BLEEK.
I feel like base Endwalker has something darker implied for the whole story no matter how you see it.  >!The sadomasochistic war criminal? The one whose sole strength & psychopathy is built up by & from a genocidal empire that has successfully colonized countries, has so many rapists in their ranks, constantly does non-consensual human experimentation & brainwashed their own people to be their willing abuse victims/suicide attackers? We could only keep the heroic WoL's world alive with their help/"help"!<  >!If there were no Zenos, no one can bring more energy source & transport for the last fight. Without Emet & Elidibus being genociders for the WoL to take down & for Venat to keep in the dark in their mire, WoL would never have the chance to learn about the Ancients & gotten desperate enough to accept Elidibus' offer to send them to meet Venat. If Hermes didn't try to kill everyone & Venat didn't kill her own people to make a weaker, disease-ridden, more actively malicious, "dumber", more warmongering people, no one would be able to survive the Meteia.!<  >!There's no way to separate the salvation of the world from its disturbing side- the disturbing side irrefutably contributed to the salvation of the world, which creeps the hell out of me. Only through milleniums of genocides & human rights abuses can the world's survivors try to stabilize to what it is today.!<  Also I remember how abruptly disturbing two of the Postmoogle quests (which are usually uplifting/silly) were-   the one with the Moon Keeper sisters (an abuse victim only feeling safe/"safe" with a serial manipulator harem keeper & gang leader who keeps her to do crimes & murders for him)  & Drest's (PTSD-ridden self-isolating hyur with daily panic attacks & paranoia, who escaped slavery from the Garleans, is actually genuinely still gangstalked by some Garlean conscripts till present day for reasons not fully clear to us- so he can never see his family who he claims is still alive)
recently went through the alchemist quest line and it took a dark turn i wasn’t expecting haha
Dark Knight heavily focuses on the corrupt acts of the Ishgsrdian Church and nobility. The Duskwight asshole from the Lancer quests also does some messed up stuff, plus we have Cocobusi nearly needing to be put down after the Mormo stuff. We also get the Heavensward Scholar quests revealing the origin of the Tonberry transformation suffered by the former citizens of Nym who are now resident in the Wanderers Palace. And these are all just off the top of my head  if you go looking there's a lot of dark stuff in the lore and quests.
It's a Lore book mention rather than in-game but Jackie of the Rogue questline was also implied to have had an equally grim time as a slave.
We talkin' about scary fucked up dark stuff? Gotta mention the Churning Mist FATE where a Moogle fucking gets digested by a peistes dragon.
Not entirely a story/quest but Sophia's theme 'Equilibrium' is pretty dark. It's about a girl whose father dies in a war, and her mother becomes abusive. Desperate, the girl cries out to Sophia who has the girl kill her mother to fix the balance brought by her father's death. Then the girl commits suicide as punishment for killing her mother. Here's a link with some info on it:  https://finalfantasy.fandom.com/wiki/Equilibrium_(song)
ARR class/jobs quests have a lot of dark implications. Rogue's quests are not subtle about it with slavery. Sastasha has a side room that opens to see imprisoned women inside.
My friend wait until you play Dark Knight. Also. When you get Sastasha (yes the low level dungeon) the dinning room where you go straight through and fight the big trash mob for the key. Once you get the key go left if facing the door to fight him or right after leaving the room to fight him. Basically the opposite way to progress. There will be a giant cage. Kill the two guards for the key.  It is a REALLY STRAIGHTFORWARD reference to some very morbid stuff. Have fun!
>to this day I'm still confused how Limsa legalized pirates  I don't think you paid attention during 99% of Limsa quests.
It's not clear at all. That's just an assumption that the vast majority of players made. All we know from the ACN quests is that she was a slave and is traumatized.
After reading this much of info from so many, all I could think about was:  No wonder Old Sharlayan abandoned Eorzea in favour of neutrality
**SB or ShB side quest:**  Woman in a somewhat deserted town tells the story of when she had to go out to get meds for her dying dad, or husband, got caught by soldiers with "hungry" eyes, got back home, dad was dead.  I was like, wait, what? And had to read the text again and suddenly it hit me. Sweet baby jesus war stories in this game hit HARD.  **HW:**  Side quest chain following a kid who stole gil. I think you found out they lost their parents in the war, stole food, and then stole gil all for the hope and dream of going to the floating isles to live. Welp, TOO BAD. Kid ends up dead from the cold and you take their body and bury them on the isles.  This was after doing the DRK series. I felt something was amiss the entire time but whoa.  But wait! There's more! Ysale. Start to finish. Tragic.  **Endwalker MSQ, maybe side quest chain:**  Two sisters ran off rather than be caught by you, the invader. Chase down a few clues, turn a corner, two bodies in the snow holding hands with blood strewn about. People in need would rather choose a high chance of death and slim chance of survival than be helped by invaders.  **General ARR to starting EW:**  Reading between the lines of a lot of side quests and dialogue during the war eras and SH reveals a lot of slavery, rape, lost families, and I think somewhere you also comfort parents who had to bury their kid.  Usually, I take breaks from playing a game for too long. I took breaks from being hit too hard in the feels. I NEED A BREATHER GOOD LORD.
Not only that, but according to the [Tales from the Shadows](https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/special/tales_from_the_shadows/sidestory_01/#sidestory_01) sidestory about Thancred, it wasn't until Merlwyb became admiral that Limsa actually started to clean up its act, so just 15 years ago.
That's where the Dutiful Sisters of Edelweiss come along and sort out code-breaking curs. Not biting your fellow Lominsans or trying to treat small folk like chattel. If you cling a bit too hard to the old ways then the Upright Thieves will be meeting you in the Darkmans.
And even before they were trapped, their capitan knew of the danger, but refused to leave outpost. He did it because of a single jewel inside Halone statue - it was his deceased wife's heirloom, what was stolen when she was detained and raped by knights.  Most likely he was exacting revenge on his men and Church.
Wow. “The HW dungeon with the griffin at the end” made me think you were talking about Baelsar’s Wall, that HW dungeon with The Griffin at the end. It wasn’t until reading further thatI realized you were talking about Dusk Vigil. And then it suddenly clicked that Dusk Vigil, the first dungeon you can run in the HW expansion, and Baelsar’s Wall, the final dungeon of that whole expansion, both end with a Griffin. Such a neat detail to loop it all back together!
I always tell people they need to go back through and read the lore items in that dungeon. It's so tragic.
Wait, what flashback? Probably missed something along the way
Damn, seems like I am a sweet summer child, didn't notice it in either scenes
SAM 54: "Wait, did we just murder a weeb?"   To be fair - he was a dick and earned that bit of vigilantism.
The final boss has a third eye. The Garleans were experimenting on their own people.
Oh god no anything but Albania
I think Arenvald has a similar story.
Yotsuyu's backstory involves >!being sold into sex slavery!< if I recall.
Velens Van Varo also gives off some pretty rapey vibes in the Weapons storyline. He's at the very least a sadist.
I think they toned down the writing as they transferred it to Garleans doing it in general but not going close to that subject again.  I think once or twice it is implied but not as obvious.
> Eorzea itself is a fairly bleak place I'd argue for the average citizen.  I dunno about that. A doctor is needed among the sick, not the well--we see a hell of a lot more of the darkness in the world because, y'know, darkness is where a Warrior of Light is most needed. We see budding adventurers who crash and burn (sometimes horrifically...) but we also see those who succeed and stay the course. Endwalker in particular shows how the WoL has personally improved the lives of a LOT of people, and that that improvement is often presented as sustainable and potentially even growing over time.  It's certainly a dangerous world (as a certain character in Endwalker zone 5 says), much more dangerous for the average person than our world IRL is for most people living in developed nations. But I wouldn't call it *bleak.* There is a great deal of hope for a better tomorrow.
>Eorzea itself is a fairly bleak place I'd argue for the average citizen.  Ul'dah is the worst for it because of all the money and being right off the back of Ala Mhigo (Gridania shield themselves from it despite being neighbours to the region)  Limsa is one thats more general
The Black Mages that tried to channel Aether without a Soul Crystal and internally combusted.
I mean Vanaspati was just Holminster Switch 2.0.  But with what you learn about the fates of the trash mobs at the end I guess you could argue Van was worse.
The pixies don’t kill per say. They mostly just turn those who are stupid enough to come to Il Mheg people into lawn ornaments. Sometimes for good reason more often not.  The Fuath on the other hand……
The fey should always be treated with caution
Vanaspati... Hoo boy that one was rough the first time.  Edit: also fae being fae.
I'm still confused as to how and why they didn't
>Logically it makes sense. In practice it's kinda fucked up, especially since after ShB there's actually a cure for tempering.  Well, in their defence - >!nobody expected cure to ever be found,!< and symptoms do get worse in time.  In HW trial series Unukalhai (who is also a really f\* up part of story) kills tempered prisoners; we do not know how many of them, but could be dozens or more.  Scions react to this with "Huh, should've told us first, we would've done it  anyway".
Dude, the execution of the tempered is an *explicit* job of the Scions. Like, straight up, it was one of their most important jobs as an organization until later on.   Y’Shtola explicitly says this during the HW trial series. After you beat Sophia, Unulkuhai sees that some of her worshippers are still alive in the pod, and he uses the computer system to execute them all.   Yshtola confronts him about it, and he admits it and says “I didn’t want the WoL to get his hands dirty”.   Yshtola says “he knew what he was signing up for, the execution of the tempered is one of our most important jobs”.
>In practice it's kinda fucked up, especially since after ShB there's actually a cure for tempering  Can't fault them for not knowing the future tho :P
Ok may want to spoiler tag the ShB and EW bits though
Keep in mind for a lot of time there was absolutely no idea if the tempering can be cured or not also that the tempering took more and more toll on the person and they did more and more drastic things to perform it. >!In EW meele quest i think Merlwyb talks about how her father got tempered and had to kill him.!<
Karasu is an early example of one of this game’s amazing villains and it’s a shame he doesn’t get more love.
They had the black rose and the only reason they didn’t use it is because we passed out at ghimlyt dark before pressing them too hard and making them desperate - in the alternative timeline they used it there because the wol didn’t pass out from being summoned to the First.
Some of the ambient dialogue with the voidsent in Troia and Zero's Domain suggest they knew the guy.
> Only through milleniums of genocides & human rights abuses can the world's survivors try to stabilize to what it is today.  Art imitates life
Playing Shadowbringers/Endwalker as DRK was soooo satisfying. It just...tied everything together for me as far as coming to terms with what we've had to do to win.
I was looking for someone to mention the moonie Postmoogle quest
Speaking of Dark Knight’s the first Dark Knight apparently came about due to him passing judgement on a pedophile who used his position as a priest to prey on children in the brume.
Eh. I don’t think Foulques did anything particularly abhorrent. Like no one died when he attacked the guild, and he only interfered with the WoL’s training and only in minor ways that they could actually conquer and then got done the absolute dirtiest of any XIV npc at the end.  In truth he’s actually a very tragic character not remotely a dark one. Unless you count his skin tone.  Now the Wildwood Elezen from the Archer quests, is a different story.  But he’s still mostly just a racist asshole and not particularly dark.
I don't think her suicide is a punishment so much as it is Sophia telling her to do it after she kills her mother, as to leave her home empty, which is to say in balance
How do you legalize pirates? Simple, make them not pirates.
One thing the lore does very well is giving you a sense of progression.  By that, I mean that "started to clean up their act" could have happened at several points in Limsa history, depending on what you mean
Wow. How much history has changed in so short a time.
and if I recall my backreading, that captain was actually an NPC you worked with some in 1.0
I think they mean where >!Zero tries to stop the rape brigade from entering the city and gets cut down!<
Towards the end, as you enter the last room before the boss. One of the pirates will say something along the lines of "take the women alive" when aggroed by the party.
SAM 80: "Oh, no he's still around and still a weeb"
If you're talking about the roe samurai, you can watch him training in Kugane afterwards.
And some volunteered for it. See Stormblood's punching bag in the 67 dungeon.
lol the autocorrect got me
Yeah Arenvald was the result of rape by a Garlean occupier, causing his mother to cut his face open to try to remove the Garlean third eye she feared he might grow.
Zenos actually bought her "freedom."
It's even worse than that, Yotsuyu was forced into a child marriage to further Asashi's prospects even before she was sold to a brothel to pay off her now dead husband's debts.
Man... Fuck that guy so much.  Sadist indeed tho.
Burn out the bad!
It was at the beginning. However it’s gone through a few reforms since. >!Notably, there’s not a single mention of a Blasphemy showing up there in the role quests in Endwalker.!<
Yeah, but Gridania is more into racism and genocide so…
As a bard, you get full on racism. As dork knight, you get racism and religious persecution/fundamentalism, as machinist you get racism and classism plus some rapey vibes iirc, as sage you get to see what experimenting on people can do to them plus a bunch of xenophobia.
Vanaspati was much worse but in the same field for sure, specially when seeing the trash mob with terrified children that you then have to mercy kill, I've seen alot and played alot of styles of harsh games and that trash mob still lingers in my mind.
I can make some observations but honestly, I don’t have a concrete answer.  To note, the Satasha seagrot is a big place with a large number of pirates. Not to mention, Leviathan’s Sahagin were in charge of the whole works. Given that Captain Madison survived our foray into the area the first time chances are good that there were a significant number of survivors of our other encounters there too.   As far as the Sahagin are concerned we fought one. One single fish-man in that operation.  We may have severely bloodied their noses and upset the undertaking but we didn’t stop it. Heck, since we didn’t lead anyone out personally we’d have to take on faith that any of the kidnapped got out at all.
I've always assumed that it's a reference to that fact that most players don't ever go to all the rooms and free the women.
Yeah who tf could predict someone would go into another reality with the help of a time traveling scholar who by chance inherit the blood of Allag royalty and by yet another chance meet someone in that alternate reality who possess a magick that make a cure possible.
Yeah it's a logical decision to make at the time, but in retrospect it's kinda sad because the cure was just within reach.
Karasu is what Zenos should've been. An agent of chaos thoroughly enjoying every chaotic moment he inflicts on others.
Well, all the scions as well
One actually directly references it by saying they got summoned into a vessel that was tied to a bed.
Yes, and it is because the knight found nothing left to defend with a shield that he threw it away and took up the greatsword
He was.   I think he was the levemete officer in OG Falcon's Nest, but I could be mistaken.
This one exactly.
Yeah I know that one, but didn't notice the second one and the one in OP
I don't think Doomguy volunteered. I think he was voluntold.
in a relative way of speaking he did do that
You get a lot of shit as an AST as well.  Really its easier to list the jobs where things don't get dark in a way that hits particularly close to home for some, I'll start:  PLD: stupid bullshit  Edit: I'm sure it's for something else, but I got a BS reddit cares notification shortly after this and am gonna pretend it was the doing of a die hard paladin quest fan
The machinist was more abuse towards the family then it was rape
I'll be honest with you. I have zero issues with you personally, we just disagree on one character and that's perfectly okay, no reason for any grudges. I am sure you're a great person.  But every time there's _any_ Zenos post that I have opened I see you there, posting like a dozen comments complaining about him, and you bring him up lots even in posts that are totally unrelated.  Isn't it time to just kinda move on? He's dead now and has been for well over a year with no indication that he'll ever return, hell the whole ten-year arc is over and the story is moving to whatever horizons await next. Whether we liked him or not, isn't it time to just leave it be?
The cage is off the beaten path, and most only see it to finish filling out the map
I saw it as him being so desperate for a win that he asked to be a test subject - now whether or not it was a case of “one more failure means death” and that drove him to it, that’s a little more ambiguous.  I’ve always felt a little bad for Grynewaht, but with how scummy he is, it’s really only a fleeting sentiment
Hence why freedom is in quotes.
WAR: Also somewhat stupid bullshit, but angry/self-conscious/lovesick.   (Not MRD though, you'll learn of some dead parents(?) in that questline)
Perhaps. I mostly made that comment because it made me realize that Karasu is very nearly exactly what I would have wanted from Zenos as a character. Just tone down the conniving plans part and give him a bit more scary-violent gravitas and you're pretty much set.  But I'm not really sure why criticism is something that should be silenced, while very literal "he is my beloved, I should have been able to recruit him" comments aren't. It seems only reasonable that most folks should move on, unless there's a special reason it should apply only to me (or only to criticism.)
As I said, I have seen that one, there are also some in the mini-mini-boss-room.
ye was agreeing
> But I'm not really sure why criticism is something that should be silenced, while very literal "he is my beloved, I should have been able to recruit him" comments aren't. It seems only reasonable that most folks should move on.  I am not at all saying you should never comment about Zenos again, to be clear, or go silent or anything of the sort. By all means, continue if it is what you want to do. I certainly do toss in an appreciative comment every now and again when I see a thread about him, even if he's dead and gone. Nothing wrong with that if it makes you happy.   Just saying that the sheer investment and volume here seems to stand out, and I can't help but feel like you *would* be happier just forgetting about him at this point - especially as, realistically speaking, you are extremely unlikely to actually convince anyone you argue with on the internet (and both you and I stand as good examples of that), so getting into long arguments about him every time is unlikely to do very much, and pretty much every argument about him in either direction has been made already.
I've seen some folks, if not change their mind, at least find value in what I've said. That seems worthwhile enough. It's kind of you to be thinking of my well-being, but I don't share your concern.
Then, if you're sure, I wouldn't mind you explaining why you find Karasu so well-suited for the role, as I am actually curious. I like Karasu, he's entertaining, but he's really rather light-hearted and whimsical and thrives mostly thanks to the ultimately low-stakes and not infrequently humorous story he is in. I can't help but wonder if he'd work as well as the tyrannical crown prince to a very thematically dark and brutal empire, an empire he was only dancing at the outskirts of as himself. He doesn't _seem_ like someone who would be Varis' son to put it that way.  Would Karasu have the same appeal as a leading character in an unquestionably, at times disturbingly evil empire, rather than the quirky rogue he is normally?
Zenos reworked in this way would still have a certain playfulness, but as noted, filtered through the lens of "scary-violent gravitas." Karasu acts clownish, rather than intimidating. Someone with a personality like his, raised in a humorless place where crushing, absolute power is how problems are "resolved"? Yeah, I can absolutely see him having a certain playful streak. If nothing matters and violent suppression is how you have been taught power works, violence itself can become something of a game.  So, we'd get someone with substantially reduced affect becauseof how he was raised, a totally cavalier understanding of violence, and a certain mockingly playful attitude. This would infuse the type of theatrical, scenery-chewing performance I seek from simple villains of the type Zenos is written to be.  His boredom would not be sleepy and inactive, but flamboyant. His delight would not be pinpoint-pupil insanity, but something more gleeful or even childlike. Instead of lame pontificating about how empty existence is, he would be wanting to make the scene perfect, hence the displeasure at being revived when the original scene had been perfectly choreographed. Dripping with sarcasm when he speaks of the "hero" etc.  Still obsessed with the WoL. Still a horrible person, cruel and nihilistic and violent. But *filling* the scene with his presence whenever he deigns to appear.
I understand what you mean. I do think outright flamboyancy would be out of place in the Garlean Empire's cold, dark, serious theme, when put so centrally, but I'd have been curious to see it.
Definitely an interesting take. I just think that karasu’s flavour of crazy would work for the crown prince of garlemald though.   As crown prince, zenos would have learned to keep his emotions hidden away at court, since that’s what we see most of the super high ups in garlemald do. So if that’s where he spend most of his time, it makes no sense that (even when sitting on the throne) he suddenly would be able to express the more gleefulness that karasu does. Of course, when he went full in on the crazy when he was fighting us, it makes more sense that you would actually see it, since it would be such a big emotion in the heat of battle, that it would be more difficult to keep in.   I also do agree that he’s a bit… bland at times with the bored attitide. Maybe that’s why he’s usually combined with some more reactive characters like yotsuyu and fandaniel. I still think he’s a really cool villain, whenever he drops the courtly mask a bit
As you use your gear, it fills up on spiritbond. When that reaches 100% you can extract a random piece of materia from it and start again from 0%.
You can only extract when an item is at 100% spiritbond.  You also need to have done the quest 'Forging the Spirit'.
And just for clarification - because this got me as well - materia extraction is when an item you've had equipped reaches 100% spiritbond and you can create a piece of materia from it.     *Removing* materia from an item to place a better materia in it is a different option. You right click the item in question and select "Retrieve Materia".
Did you went to Mutamix to get the little blue quest for materia extraction from one of his employees?  It's north of Black Brush Station. You went there at least once for a quest where Minfilia asked you to materia meld her butter knife.
Only when fully spirit bonded as specified, buuut to spirit bond, you got to do level appropriate content for the gear, i think its level appropriate to the gear? Like level 90 gear will only bond when doing 90 content and so forth
Another note: spirit bond rate increases the more materia you have slotted in the item.
Playing for years, casually, and I never understood that until now. Thank you sir!
It would be nice to see her relaxing at some point in the game
This is just so peaceful.
Going to splash in that froth and foam
Blue Alisaie off in the distance, observing respectfully.
source: https://twitter.com/lyra0730/status/1642957739201802241
Is there a name for this style?  The color palette and static noise that is like a old 90s/00s anime?
why is this marked nsfw
Beautiful
Finally, fanart of her with smaller than F cups
Shitpost version in 3... 2... 1...
[removed]
Yeah, and actually relaxing, not this work till you drop crap she seems partial to.
EW spoilers: >!The part before heading off to Ultima Thule has the Scions enjoying a meal and drinks at the Last Stand, and Y'shtola is relaxing there.!<
Well Alphinauld has seen her with no clothes on...
I love 90s anime style
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Because it's not something you'd want people to see you looking at at work that's all.  The label is purely to help people. It's not a "this is lewd!", Just more of a "if someone saw you looking at this you may get in trouble at work"
America be puritanical as fuck.
I think the only time we've seen her resting for more than 5 minutes was [StB spoilers]>!when she was on death's doorstep thanks to a mild case of slashed torso courtesy of Zenos!<. To hell with her aethersight draining her life force, at this rate she's gonna drop dead of a stress-related heart attack at 50.  (>!yes i know her aethersight isn't literally killing her but shhh!<)
I'm the daughter of a functioning workaholic. To them, work *is* relaxing.
That scene was completely motion captured and it blew me away. It was so weird (in a cool way) to see all the characters moving with super high quality mocap for... A casual coffee shop conversation lol.
Some say that's the day he became a man
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
i don't think "NSFW" has actually meant "not safe for (viewing at) work" for a long time now
I remember catching her sleeping in the library.
And this https://youtu.be/4Gu7qKBS3cU
I mean that's how it's been used a lot because pictures of bikinis, any kind of gore, and anything suggestive has had the NSFW tag, and if it doesn't I see people complain that it doesn't   I think the issue is people's view on what is considered "unsafe"
I mean it's mainly for work and stuff, you wouldn't want to see your co worker looking at women in bikinis, same with your boss seeing you looking at that stuff.  It's not people being prudes really, it's just...when in public it's best this kind of thing is tagged
But…they could have just changed gear
Do people not know that you can change gear while in dungeons?
If you get in this situation, don't panic.  You can change the gear inside dungeons as long as you're not into a fight and you don't change jobs (different type of weapons).  Unless you actually stashed away your actual gear in your retainers or saddle, it's something that can be fixed pretty easily.
I once had to heal a tank w no pants.
It wasn't the tank right?
It's like 3 button presses to automatically equip the best gear for that job in your inventory and it can be done out of combat in a dungeon...
"Hard mode for me", the classic self-centered comment of a fool who will drag down his whole team. And they don't even know they can swap.  U -> leave duty material
Just change back to your gear, or leave if you don't have it with you anymore.  I once joined a lvl 50 dungeon, and forgot to buy the tomestone gear, and instead only had my leveling gear. I left the party, because I didn't want to slow down others. They probably would've let me stay, but I find it uncomfortable if I'm not contributing.
I mean... that's funny and all. But why not just fix it? Does this person empty out their armory to wear glam pieces as gear? Are they not trucking around with their normal stuff just sitting there, a literal one-button press away from being put on?
1. You can change gear. 2. You made it hard mode for everyone else who has to carry you.
If that person actually cares about, he/she would quickly change gear, or Leave if he/she doesn't know how to do it.  If not, a kick solves the issue
Reminds me of when I went into p8s with tonberry gear equipped on head instead of glam...my group was very confused why I kept dying to raidwides
Hi, its me, the tonberry that haunted your Prae run last night, a few thing to clarify.  It is my NA alt that i made only to play PVP, so the sage gear was in coffer that I couldnt open inside any instance... Otherwise I would already changed gear right away.  The gear on me at the time was lv 70 weapon, A lv 50 ring, no hat no glove and lv 32(? kinda forgot the exact lv) chest with rest of the item slot been lv 1.  It was a surprised to me that i managed to enter duty with such low item level as well...  Very sorry again for making such mistake and i had since opened coffers with gear now, so next time you see me it will actually be a GLAM not an equipped piece \*facepalm\*
But what about the ilv req? They were not even supposed to get into the que while naked.
"OH THATS NOT GLAM..."  that reaction had me laughing for some reason
This would be funny if he couldn’t change his gear
Why are so many people in here surprised that people don't know you can change armor during a dungeon? The play pattern of FFXIV nudges you to do non-combat activities and prepare for a dungeon/raid/trial while in the overworld and queued for an instance, and then when you join the instance you're focused on just combat. You aren't able to change during combat or during solo instances, and it feels intuitive that you wouldn't be able to change during instanced content, plus I don't think the game ever explicitly says you can change during dungeons, makes sense that the default assumption is you can't. The pattern of play is like a game where you build your loadout in the lobby and then play with that locked-in for a match, and I'd expect most players to bring in their assumptions from other games. At most, a game like Diablo lets you swap between two loadouts. Plus, its rare that you'd ever need to change in the middle of a dungeon so when would you learn it? Took me forever to learn this and I'd be surprised if it was intuitive to anyone.
Got World of Darkness in roulette yesterday and there was a tank in another alliance that pulled early and joked around a lot. It was just a lot of fun banter in alliance chat. She then stripped naked and asked to solo the final boss. 23 people obliged XD
I accidentally did that in Qarn the other day, as a tank. Except it wasn’t glam, I just hadn’t updated my gearset with my higher level gear. Could not for the life of me figure out why my HP was dropping so quickly, until halfway through the dungeon. Sorry, healer…
You can swap gear tho. The only thing you can't do is swap jobs.
Well they met the gear level threshold, it’s probably fine since sync.  Not nearly as crippling as forgetting a job stone or something
Not gonna lie, I had a run of castrum where I realized halfway through I wasn't wearing any pants (was playing a job I don't usually play).  Said something about it in chat and everybody else started laughing saying they'd thought it was intentional since this was back when castrum was still an 8-man faceroll.  I can't remember if I knew then that you could change gear in a dungeon or not but my first instinct on realizing was to go try, so... not sure why your rando didn't give it a try! But that sounds like it would've been a funny run.
dunno how people dont know you can switch gear in dungeons. looting a new piece of gear from a boss or a treasure chest and equipping it immediately is common sense lol
They didnt. They didnt know you could.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/12ejagb/comment/jfdufsx/  The tonberry has spoken
To add some more clarity, there can not be an active fight going on in order to change as well. It can be a pain sometimes, but it makes sense.
It took me forever to understand the comic where someone queues for CT raids in lower iLvl gear, then switches to higher iLvl once in the raid...
For the longest time I actually did not know either.... D: I found out when I had 2 or 3 jobs on lvl90.
I found that quite a lot of people didn't know. I've shocked a party I was with by swapping to Shire gear last week after a trash pull. Tbf, I did glam over the 50-something gear with the new tonberry glam so the change was rather stark lol.
Clearly not. To be fair. On my end it took me getting to Shadowbringers to find this one out.
WHAT?
Had that happen earlier... then a "Tank" who was most likely new to MMOs. He was trailing after everybody, no stance on, hardly did anything really. Both times were guildhests so I just put up with it, but I did mention to the second guy to look up a Tanking guide before he and I both left the instance.
Why weren't your wearing pants?
Why??? How???
That's what the dismissal vote is for.
Thankfully no.
Why leave? you should just kick the one making it harder on everyone.
I did the same but with my atma in o11s. As a healer  We did not make it far past the raidwides before I checked my own gear and apologized profusely
Well at least you know now. No worries I’ve no ill will. Found it funny even. It’s good to hear from you.
His accessories maybe????
A genuine “oh crap” moment from me
God I wish my WoD’s are that exciting
Sync is the reason it *wouldn't* be fine - their other pieces that kept them at the ilvl threshold would get synced down, and they wouldn't have the gear in the missing slots to make up for it.  Though it would probably still be fine, but because dungeons are a joke not because of some gear carrying them.
And you didn’t tell them?
You just can't have any aggro on you/be in a boss fight and you can switch
You don't even need to do that, you can take off all your gear, queue, and when the queue pops put it all back on before clicking accept.
What would the point be of doing that instead of just queuing with your normal gear?
But it's the same as changing gear any other time, why would it be different?
If you're not in combat you can change your gear. You can even put on the gear the dungeon gives you.
I had a "Tank" who rolled into Tam-Tara (leveling roulette) with literally nothing except chest piece, hat (the level 1 feather thing that gives bonus XP) and their weapon of course. I had more HP as a dps than they had as a tank. And that guy already had multiple jobs at 90.  Luckily we vote-kicked him before the last boss. BLM called me a bitch for calling him out and left too. So happy ending, plus free roulette rewards for a tank *and* a dps!
I'm a newbie, but this happened to me because I forgot to repair my gear >.>
Lol I had pants. Tank had no leg piece equipped. At all.   Was a painful run but somehow healed him though it.
I once stumbled into a pantsless CT raid. Like one group was just running in the nude. No nude glam, just highlevel weapons and no armor.
You cannot start a vote early, and a lot of people tolerate much more annoying shit because "it's just a roulette" or whatever. Since I have things I can do during the DF penalty, I just leave
Vote kicking is much more trouble than it should be.  Had one dungeon where I couldn't kick a tank who didn't have tank stance on, wouldn't turn it on and wouldn't talk, because he kept opening chests.  Yeah, I could wait for them all to time out. Or I could just leave.
arr content is stupidly low ilevel, a high level weapon alone could do the trick tbh
once saw an AST in level 30 NQ grey vendor gear in a level 80 normal raid with an ilvl requirement of 455, they more than had that ilvl just with the cryptlurker accessories and weapon  so such low ilvl requirements as ARR (Prae is ilvl*42*) I'm sure most 60+ accessories would surpass that easily
It was alliance roulette at 5am, maybe it brings out the crazy in people lol
I’ll take that 3am L and grow.
You can actually switch your gear back as soon as you enter the queue, no need to wait for it to pop
There are people who don't want to do any of the other raids(Ivalice, Nier, Mhach) because they're actually challenging(at least compared to CT).  So they queue with iLvls too low for the other raids, so that they only qualify for CT.  Personally, the only time I WANT the CT raids is after a rough day at work, but then I usually don't queue for Alliance raids, period.
ilvl cheese, people who want a quick (but boring) AR roulette remove gear to only get the CT raids
Being in a Duty locks you out of changing Classes/Jobs, I kinda thought gear was the same until it was pointed out (thankfully early on).
some people in my FC were talking about doing this in their guild in another mmo with the rule that you can only put on armor that drops during the raid, it's a challenge thing to make things more interesting when they're farming the same content over and over, it wouldn't surprise me if people do it here too
yeah, i get it. i'm gonna scream the next time i have to beg the tank to provoke the boss off me.
There's also the whole "can't kick during cutscenes" thing, to which \*looks at Praetorium\*.
If they just changed into the glamour, they would still have both weapon and accessories equipped.
I wish my old ass could stay up to 3am.
Dang it guys.   Time to avoid alliance roulette for 2 weeks.
The funny thing is, I often enough wipe on the last boss of LotA, wiped a few times vs the atomoses, rarely wipe on the eye of WoD, and have even once or twice wiped on Amon, while Void Ark/Weeping City I cannot remember *ever* wiping on.
Ngl, wiping City is ten times better than ct, and dun scaith is actually an artistic masterpiece. Too bad people actively dodge those.
They are the type of people for whom I wish relic steps require the final fight of an AR series to do. Force them to have to sit through Dun Scaith, Orbonne, AND Paradigm at least 20 times each, with no more CT required ever again for relics. LET THEM SUFFER FOR THE CRIME OF MAKING AR ROULETTE BORING!
Wow... Imagine doing that  *Quietly gathers level 50 gear*
Hey now, I prefer CT because they are fast. At least half the time of the other raids for the same reward.
Oh interesting, I may have to try that sometime lol  Edit: I will not in fact be trying this sometime
Then you point and laugh at people whose hp shoots up when they get in cuz they don’t realize your ilvl locks in at queue time, not pop time. That being said, love when people bitch about ilvl cheesing like there isn’t always that poor sub 60 player in every run.
*finger on the monkey's fist curls*  May all of your off tanks think provoke is part of their rotation
It's dead easy to stay up late when you're old. If anything easier than it is when you're young.    It's the recovery afterwards that's challenging.
This was more of a “I woke up at 3am, I work in a couple hours, imma do the dailies I didn’t do”
That's kinda funny. Ozma, ferdiad and calofisteri have definitely wiped raids I was on. Even the first boss in mhach has, or almost has. The only thing that comes close in kills are meteor memes in labyrinth.
I've only had a couple runs wipe to eye, but when they did we wiped like 8 times.
Better solution,  just lower ct rewards to about 1/5th of current since it takes 1/5th the effort anyway.
OR you can let other people get their fast roulette reward without complaining. If you want to do one of the other alliance raids instead, you're fully able to just queue for it.
I do like how fast CT raids are which is why I never auto bail. Also more often than not, there usually is a first time player and I’ve been there before.  That said, nothing makes me smile more than pulling Ivalice (Orbonne in particular) in Roulette or Wiping City (been a while for that one and I long to see home boi Ozma again) simply because the raids are fun and makes me work as a healer.  Also no AFKers. Probably the one thing I dislike seeing in CT raids. I’d rather a person just straight up bail than stick around and drag the fight out because they cba to play the game.
Yeah, the other raids are longer, but I enjoy something to break up the monotony.
CT may be fast but there's literally nothing going on because they're curbstomped by everybody, ARR kits are severely lacking, and nobody there has their brain turned on either. It's legitimately mind-numbing, and I don't get why people hate actually playing the game to the point they cheese the roulette.
Noooo don't do that! A number of people, like myself, agree that it's super selfish and ends up making the game way too boring for tons of other people. You're essentially coercing your experience on up to 23 other people, who might actually want to play the game using their brains instead of coasting on 1-2-3 for half an hour.
OH NO
Not for me. When I was a teenager I could stay up for 18-20 hours no problem. I'm in my 30s now and I struggle to stay awake for more than 12 hours at a time.
Idk I'm 18 and do 24h+ easily
Even better solution, reduce the maximum ilvl sync so that we actually have to do mechanics and actually take damage.
Likewise you can just queue for CT if you really want it. It's a 2-way street. If you can't handle a roulette giving something other than CT and have to exploit it to only get CT, then stop running the roulette, you have other things you can run for exp.
> If you want to do one of the other alliance raids instead, you're fully able to just queue for it.  Because so many people dodge them it can take an absurdly long time to get a group for some of the later ones.
I did a raid day with a streamer friend(she had an all-day 24-man roulette scheduled event,  dressed as just various heads you can find) and she and I didn't get a single repeat until I took a break for a few hours. I did swap out to lower classes, but you'd think that would increase the chances of CT.  In about 4-5 hours, we ended up doing  All of CT All of Dunscaith Dalmasca and Ridoranna Paradigm's Breach  Honestly, it was pretty cool.
I personally find all of the options to be dull, since I’ve done them so many times before. As such, just give me the one that gets me in and out as fast as possible please.
Honestly the only reason I personally ever do alliance roulette is to level alt jobs. And in those cases, anything that isn’t max level content is legitimately mind numbing. So might as well get it over with as fast as possible.
Huh, guess I misunderstood how the roulette works. I thought I’d just be joining others who got CT already
Ahhh, yeah I had that issue. Blood sugar was all out of whack and I needed medication to help regulate it.
I don't want CT. I want the roulette bonus. In the quickest way I can get it. Ultimately, if they found a way to fix the ilvl cheese, I'd still do the roulette, it's the bonus i'm after. But if I have the option to get the bonus in like half the time, i'm going to take it, and I'd be an idiot to feel bad about it.
I mean good for you but people who weren't there when the raids were new didn't get to do them so much and queuing for specific alliance raids past CT can take forever if their not current tier. I've pulled maybe 7 Dune Scaith, 1 Wiping city, 2 Void Arks. 1 of the first ivalice series. And none of the nier set. I have hower have dozens of CT, sick of it.
Roulettes will fill into direct queues when someone is directly queueing for something (and that's why they exist), but if enough people are queued for a roulette and no one is directly queuing for something, a party/alliance will be made just from the roulette queue. If you're in CT and there's not a first timer, it's often the case that ilvl cheese among one or more of the 24 people who queued for roulettes is what brought you there.  Even if your understanding was right, you're still essentially cheating the roulette system. The XP/tomes/etc rewards are for queuing up to run arbitrary content so that people who want to do it have groups to do it with, and ensuring you only get LotA and Syrcus screws over anyone who is trying to go through any of the other alliance raids.  Most people rightfully consider this to be a dick move.
You're very likely to get CT as it is, because it is both the lowest level one and the only one required for MSQ.   That said in my experience it also tries to slot you in to what is close to your level - presumably because others are target queueing them and you are high enough level to be eligible to join them, so it gives that priority. On my level 90 I get Nier and Aglaia all the time, which suits me just fine.
You stumbled on why people are getting angry with those who use this exploit, they also want the roulette bonus. They just want to enjoy the game while doing their alliance roulette and not run CT every day.
Even without item level cheese, CT would still be massively over-represented since it’s the only one required for MSQ. Plus being the lowest level one.
That was only a glam though, right?  You weren't actually tanking while wearing dps gear, right?
"Yah im here to be a ninja"  "That's a large axe your carrying"  "Cant have witness if you don't leave any."
what’s better than this? guys being dudes
Pair of goobers
why can't the female miqo'te do the cool perch stance :(
Thaaaaatssss irrelevannnntttttttt ^:) (sarcasm)
Homies being bros if you may
oh god not another one
This is the Akihabara location! To the English-speaking couple at the table next to mine in the corner, hello hello if you see this! Sorry I didn't say hi IRL - was shy, and also wasn't sure if I'd be overstepping if I offered to help with translation.
As a french guy, I also like to visit cul
They are, well... People. *Encyclopædia Eorzea* has this to say about them:  > #The Au Ra  > Hailing from the Far Eastern continent of Othard, the Au Ra were a rare sight in Eorzea until most recently, when increasing unrest in their homeland forced a not-insignificant number of their people to journey west in search of asylum.  > **Mythos**.   Auri creation myth tells of a world formed by the Dawn Father Azim and the Dusk Mother Nhaama. These two deities came to quarrel over which should rule the new world, and created mortals to serve as soldiers in their war by proxy. These were the first Au Ra - the Raen, children of the Dawn Father, and the Xaela, the chosen of Dusk Mother. Though they waged a bitter struggle in the name of their creators, they eventually put aside their differences and learned to love one another, giving birth to a new generation. On seeing this, Azim and Nhaama returned to the heavens, leaving the world below in the custody of their children.  The draconic vs reptilian origins tend to be a touchy topic around Ishgard and is touched on in some quests around there (as expected with their thousand-years war on dragons, Au Ra were not greeted favourably) and the Raen homelands are not prominently featured with most of what we see being the likes of Yugiri's hometown of >!Sui-no-Sato!< - which is not the Au Ra homeland of antiquity.
There is no “origin story” for any of the races like in WoW or LotR or something where gods created them. They all just naturally evolved after a certain historical event.   Au Ra are not draconic or descended from dragons (though in universe a certain society of dragon-haters think they are). The developers instead designed them with more of a demonic aesthetic — but this does NOT mean they are descended from demons. “Demons” as we know them don’t really exist in the XIV world. That is just an out of universe design inspiration.   They tend to be found in the Far East (Hingashi and the Ruby Sea), the Near East (Thavnair), and some places on the Ilsabard continent like Werlyt.   They have no special abilities or traits. None of the playable races really do. They are not truly reptilian or cold blooded. Their horns are used for hearing.
They're pangolin peoples, descending from >!the ancients!< like all the other major sentient races on the planet >!baring dragons!<. Scales only covering part of their body, including not covering the face but surrounding it and a scaled tail, females way smaller than males, bipedal, mammals so warm blood and no eggs, and internal ears.   They're no lizard,and certainly no dragons. They're just as ancient as mi'qote and the like, as their existence predate >!the fall of the 13th shard!<. So nothing to do with voidsends or dragons >!( who arrived on aetherys way more recently than that)!<.  Pangolins.
Yoshi p made them
There's usually only one subset of each race that gets any amount of lore. Unfortunately for you, Raen are that subset for Au Ra (just like Keeper of the Moon is mine {/comfort}).  You'll meet a pretty important Raen Au Ra in the MSQ before long, if you haven't already (>!Yugiri Mistwalker!<). She speaks briefly about her home and there's a bit of lore to be found there. Once you reach Stormblood, you'll have the opportunity to take part in Custom Deliveries for another notable Raen Au Ra (>!Kurenai!<), and I recommend following this story as it gives quite a lot of detail into their history.  Lastly, there's the Physical Ranged DPS role quest in Endwalker, that takes you back to the Far East and has a little bit of history on a Raen family.  The nice thing is that Raen Au Ra, like Keeper of the Moon Miqo'te are given greater liberty in their storytelling for having less established histories. There's no need to justify or create a reason for your character to have shunned their peoples' social norms, when these tribes are usually more nomadic and ethereal by nature.  But whatever you choose to do, the devs are always very explicit about one thing: Your Warrior of Light is *yours*. Whatever you choose for them to be, *that's* the correct lore. Have fun with it! c:
The best explanation for the origin of all existing races will come from Endwalker, so hang in there.
Au Ra are just people.   Like others have said, the Xaela clan get a lot of lore in Stormblood, but even today, Raen lore is very sparse. Raen originally came from the Azim Steppe, like the Xaela, but preferred to make settlements rather than remain nomadic, so they ended up leaving and adopted the Far Eastern Hyuran culture.  That's sort of the gist of Raen lore: wherever they settle down, they adopt the culture there and make it their own. (I'm assuming throughout the generations. It's likely different if they just move somewhere while already having adopted another culture.) Meaning, even if your Raen doesn't have a Japanese name, it's plausible that name can be lore-compliant because Raen go with the flow of wherever they are, so *technically* can be any culture.  Design-wise, the super early concept art did make them look more like voidsent/demons, but even the concept title for them, "dragon race", or something like that, very clearly intended for them to have more of a dragon-inspired look, which was whittled down to the final concept that we see today. (Anyone who *insists* they're voidsent/demonic is simply incorrect and hasn't seen, or chooses to ignore, the *other* concept art where they looked more draconic--the route the development team decided to take instead.)  They aren't related to dragons in any way, but the Au Ra were released during Heavensward, an expansion about dragons. And in-universe, Auri people get mistaken as dragon-hybrids, mostly by Ishgardians. Even their race lore text in the character selection screen says people once thought they were related to dragons because of how they look. They have scales like dragons, horns like dragons, they have reptilian tails... it's pretty obvious they're supposed to be the "dragon-like but not really" race of the game. The intent can't be any clearer, honestly. Lol  As a Raen player myself, I do understand being a little bummed we don't get as much lore or focus like the Xaela do. But I'd suggest to stick with your green bean and develop her as you progress the story. Raen characters are fun to build up *because* you only have a basic framework to start with.  Hope this helps!
All the races are just variations of humans. So they're humans with scales and horns.  And yes that also means Hrothgar are just furry cat-faced humans.  You do get a lore explanation later, but it's deep into the third and fourth expansions so that's the most non-spoiler answer I can give.
Not very deep into the MSQ yet, atleast not deep enough to have found some extra information. Would I be able to find more if I spoil myself by reading plotlines?
I don't think it was ever confirmed. Personally I think they most likely came from the same place as the Ixali. There is some evidence for this since the Steppe they come from is near the Burn a desert region that was made I believe when a certain island (or chain of islands) rose into the air. I believe you learn about the Ixali origins in the content between Heavensward and Stormblood and its connection to the Burn between Stormblood and Shadowbringers.
They are a playable race from a videogame. That's all I can care about
Their aquatic Dinosaurs . . .  Source: because I said so
Idk but iirc the entirety of stormblood plays in their home land
the raen au ra come from the same place than the xaela au ra, the main diference is what the raen ones decided to move away from the steppe and settle up, while the xaela ones keep on the steppe following their nomadic tradition  so as for current age, most raen au ra comes from easter(be near east or far east) settlements  as for what au ra is, no one knows for certain, but they aren't dragonkin due to numerous physiological differences between both genders has, as well differences on their horns if we compare them to the dragon ones, as well what au ra are mammals, whereas dragons aren't mammals since they do lay eggs
There's no true definitive origin for the Au Ra, apart from their creation mythos of the Dawn Father Azim and Dusk Mother Nhaama. Yoshi-P said however that the Au Ra were inspired by demons and were originally meant to look like proper Voidsent.  Personally, I have a headcanon saying that the Au Ra's creation myth being true.... *sorta.* Azim and Nhaama are real people; Azim a Hyuran man, and Nhaama a Succubus that fell in love with each other and bore Hyur/Voidsent hybrid children. Some had creamy white scales, while others had black/deep navy scales. We know that Au Ra can crossbreed with Hyur, as someone in Stormblood said that a Raen Auri women had a Hyur's child, who had almost no scales, giving some credence to this headcanon.
We wanted them to be descendants of the Dragons, but Yoshida said the Au Ru are not and wont be such.
The au-ra homeland from antiquity is the steppe. The difference lies in that the dark scales stayed and kept to the old ways in the harsh land and the light scales found success by branching out and assimilating with other cultures for trade and the like.
Pangolin is the best descriptor I've seen for them.
As an Au'ra I am now adopting this as my canon XD
The true god of the FFXIV universe
Stormblood goes pretty heavily into depth about their background and culture, so just hang on for that. 👍
The Au Ra cannot be >!Allagan creations, they predate the Allagans and exist on other Shards, which necessarily means they existed before the Sundering.!<
I thought that was Tataru
That's awesome \^\_\_\^ great to hear. Is it about the Au Ra in general or do they also give more explanation about the Raen themselves?
It doesn't strictly mean they had to exist before sundering. It's possible every shard happened to follow the same path after sundering
If you're correct than they can't be draconian or dravanian in origin either because dragons don't exist on other shards and they instead would most likely have a similar origin as Meteion and the creatures of Elpis.
It mostly deals with the Xaela. As a fellow Raen player, it's pretty unfortunate. The Xaela largely dwell on the Azim Steppe and thus have strong mutual traditions despite the fractured nature of the clans. Meanwhile, the Raen are 'clanless', largely living in mixed communities with hyur and the like, mostly Doma and Thavnair. Essentially, the Raen are a people in diaspora and mostly integrated into their surrounding cultures. Some isolated enclaves still exist and you'll see one in Stormblood, but that's about it
I honestly have no idea since I don't really track the individual clan lore.
>!I should have said “exist as a result of the Sundering”, since that’s where the Wandering Races come from. The main point I wanted to get at is that for all of Sundered history, the Au Ra have existed.!<
They don’t have a draconic origin, and never did. Au Ra as a race have no relations to dragons whatsoever. And they are not >!creations of Elpis, they’re one of the different forms that the Sundered souls of the Ancients took directly following the Sundering, which includes at least Hyur, Elezen, Miqo’te, Roegadyn, Lalafell, Viera, and Hrothgar.!<
The lore for most clans/races is "they're super varied."  Either your character could plausibly be nomadic enough they can fit into whatever culture, or your character's possible cultures are so varied they might as well be whatever culture.  To the OP's concerns, the Xaela have at least 51 tribes with tribes frequently being founded or destroyed.  You can make some $#!% up.  For the Raen, they're known to basically just adopt whatever local customs they come across for a region.  They could hail from Ishgard and are fully faithful towards the Fury, Halone, if otherwise with few good memories of the place.  I think the only race/clan that has any fairly determinate lore and representation are the Duskwight Elezen, since they kind of squarely evolved in caves beneath the Black Shroud, though Endwalker has given Duskwight players a canonical out with their presence in Sharlayan.
To be fair, that's still more than most races get – the game never spends any time talking about roegadyn lore, for example.  Still, I do feel your pain. I loved how much my xaela got, but it really emphasised how lopsided it was between the two clans.
The game doesn't make this obvious but Limsa is basically a Roe city. They're seafaring giants.  Gridania is Elezen village and Ul'dah is Lalafell town.  Ishgard is just another Elezen city lmao.  Ala Mhigo and Kugane are actually the only dominantly Hyur cities.  The Crystarium has a very even mix intentionally, as the main focus is the different shard.  Sharlayan is basically a third Elezen city. XD  At least Radz-at-Han surprises us with a dominantly Au Ra city for the first time. But it doesn't feel that new as Au Ra basically got a whole zone dedicated to them on the Azim Steppe.  Since Miqo'te are from Meracydia I'm going to guess the next expansion will feature the first Miqo npc dominated city. (If we do travel there)  Hopefully we get a Hrothgar city too, to go along with the release of female Hrothgar.
Hey there! This was [made by me](https://twitter.com/Magda_Iruno/status/1643978090685800449)!     A commission of two lovely miqo'tes adventuring! Asha is using her time magic to brew faster a complicated potion with some of the newfound materials, while Onix is resting and enjoying their treasure.  Hope you like it! =)
This is beautiful! Love the details and colors in this scene. Great job on the background!
> Asha is using her time magic  I *wish* we had time magic in this... Time Mage when, SE?  Fabulous pic though, so much character!
Thank you so much! Glad you like it! \^\^
It "claims" to but if it does I've never noticed any real difference. They're basically always acting like they're on a 10 second delay lol. The healer AI in particular is just...kinda always bad tbh. Damage tactic is pretty much universally the best tactic for everyone though, with defense being the worst one
It doesn't. It does affect the amount of damage they do, a lot. Choose the tactic that hits the hardest, and if possible level up the aggressive tactics.
for healer will be balance: got HP to survive and some Damage to DPS     independent is bad because the stat is split to 3
10/10 nice house. Been inside. Touched all their stuff.
Nice!!!
Congrats! Looks like you're in the Goblet?
Congrats!!!!!
Now watch your Gil reserve evaporates.
Congratulations!  I’ve been getting scary lucky in lottery recently.  Feeling very blessed.
Congrats
WISH TO GOD THE TRIPLE STACK MARKERS AT THE END OF CRYSTAL TOWER WOULD ACTUALLY STILL KILL PLAYERS IF PEOPLE TRIED TO OVERLAP THEM LIKE THEY USED TO. IF I HAVE TO RUN INTO ANOTHER PIECE OF CONTENT WITH MULTIPLE STACK MARKERS WHERE FRESH SPROUTS TRY TO DOUBLE OR TRIPLE THEM UP BECAUSE THE GAME LITERALLY TAUGHT THEM HOW TO DO IT WRONG EARLY ON I'M GOING TO LOSE IT! KEEP THE STACK MECHANICS CONSISTENT, IT'S A GOOD LESSON TO LEARN EARLY ON. I'D RATHER SPROUTS ACCIDENTALLY KILL PEOPLE IN CRYSTAL TOWER EARLY ON AND LEARN THE LESSON AT LEVEL 50 RATHER THAN *CHECKS NOTES* EVERY OTHER PIECE OF CONTENT IN THE GAME WITH MULTIPLE STACK MARKERS.  ALSO I WANT TO KICK MYSELF BECAUSE I HAD SUCH AN EMBARRASSING MOMENT LAST WEEK. I GOT TAM-TARA HARD FOR 50/60/70/80 ROULETTE (PLEASE RENAME THIS BTW) AND I LITERALLY HADN'T RAN IT SINCE, I THINK, 2017? WHEN I FIRST STARTED PLAYING? AND IT'S A DUNGEON THAT'S DEFINITELY A RELIC OF OLD ARR DESIGN BECAUSE THE FIRST BOSS IS SO UNINTUITIVE. WHERE IT SHOWCASES THAT YOU CAN'T HIT THE ADDS BECAUSE THEY SEND OUT RAIDWIDE AOES AND WILL WIPE THE PARTY. SO I GET MARKED WITH A HUGE PURPLE AOE AND I WAS LIKE, WELL THE DUNGEON JUST SHOWCASED THAT HITTING THESE ADDS WITH AOE IS THE THING TO AVOID, SO THE MECHANIC CLEARLY WANTS ME TO MOVE THIS ENORMOUS MARKED AOE OUT OF THE WAY OF THEM TO NOT TRIGGER THE MULTIPLE RAIDWIDES. BUT OF COURSE THE MECHANIC IS ACTUALLY TO HIT THEM WITH THE AOE. SOMETHING YOU JUST HAVE TO KNOW EXTRINSICALLY RATHER THAN HAVING THE RAID DESIGN ITSELF HINT AT FOR YOU. EXTREMELY EMBARASSING OF ME TO MESS UP IN NORMAL CONTENT BUT ALSO I DO WANT TO SAY THAT IS JUST BAD DESIGN.
I CONTACT A STATIC. THEY HAVE OTHERS THEY'RE TALKING TO. THEY SAY THEY'LL KEEP ME IN MIND. THEY CONTACT ME AND SAY THE OTHERS DIDN'T GET BACK TO THEM, ASK IF I WANT TO TRIAL. I FIND OUT THE FOLLOWING WEEK THEY'VE QUIETLY RECRUITED SOMEONE ELSE AND THEY TELL ME FIVE MINUTES AFTER THE START TIME THAT I'M NOT NEEDED UNLESS SOMEONE FLAKES.   NO. ABSOLUTELY NOT. FUCK YOU.
TO THE TANK THAT WOULDNT DO THEIR JOB RIGHT BUT ALSO WOULDNT ROLL ON LOOT UNTIL THE LAST SECOND, WOULDNT TAKE ANY ADVICE AND REFUSED TO DO ANYTHING WE ASKED, AND THEN ADDED AT THE END OF THE RUN "YOU ARE ALL TERRIBLE PLAYERS F U ALL"  WHICH ENDED THE HELLISH RUN OF BRAYFLOX  I SINCERELY HOPE YOU FALL AFOUL OF A FLOCK OF SEAGULLS WITH DIETARY ISSUES.
IT IS VERY EMBARRASSING TO START SPAMMING GOOD MATCH!!! AFTER LOSING THE INITIAL FIGHT IN CC!!!! ESPECIALLY WHEN WE END UP WINNING, YOU ABSOLUTE NONCES!!!  IT IS ESPECIALLY EMBARRASSING IN RANKED WHEN YOU ARE PLAYING WITH THE SAME 9 PEOPLE FOR POTENTIALLY HOURS AT A TIME!!!!!  I ALSO HATE HOW PEOPLE SARCASTICALLY SPAMMING THE POSITIVE PVP CHAT MESSAGES HAS RUINED USING THEM FOR FEAR OF LOOKING LIKE A STINKY ASSHOLE! IF YOU WERE THE PALADIN WHO COVERED ME RIGHT BEFORE WE BOTH GOT YEETED INTO THE ATMOSPHERE ON CLOUD NINE LAST NIGHT, NICE JOB! THANK YOU. (THANKFULLY THEY STAYED LONG ENOUGH SO I COULD COMM THEM)
IF I GET ONE MORE A-RAID WITH SOMEONE NOT ACTUALLY HELPING I'M GONNA BUST.  YES, I WILL CALL YOU OUT. YES IF YOU STILL DONT HELP I WILL INITIATE A KICK.  YOU DO NOT GET A FREE RIDE OFF OF OTHER PEOPLE, HELP OR DONT QUEUE YOU DILDO.
okay I know limit break in dungeons does not matter, it's like . 001% of the overall DPS. Nevertheless:  IF YOU GET LIMIT BREAK ON THE SECOND BOSS OF A DUNGEON USE IT, DEAR GOD. IF YOU ARE MELEE USE IT ASAP ON THE BOSS. IT DOESN'T MATTER IF THE BOSS HAS 8% OR 88% HP; USE THE LIMIT BREAK. IF IT'S JUST SITTING THERE AT FULL YOU ARE WASTING THE OPPORTUNITY TO FILL IT AGAIN. IF YOU ARE RANGED DPS AND THE MELEE DOESN'T USE IT, THEN USE IT ON THE **FIRST** MOB PACK AFTER THE BOSS, NOT **ON** THE BOSS.   "But what about lb2?" IF YOU TRY TO WAIT FOR LB2 ALL THAT WILL HAPPEN IS THAT YOU'LL SIT AND WAIT INTO LIKE 2% BEFORE REALIZING IT WON'T HAPPEN, USE LB1 AND THEN THE BOSS DIES BEFORE YOU EVEN GET TO USE IT. THIS DOES NOT APPLY TO DUNGEON RUNS WHERE HALF THE PARTY IS TERRIBLE.  THANK YOU FOR READING MY RANT ABOUT AN INCONSEQUENTIAL MECHANIC
IT TOOK ME 7 DAYS TO GET THE FILIBUSTER'S AIMING GAMBISON.  I NEVER WANT TO SEE THAT BASTARD ILBERD EVER AGAIN OR HEAR SLOPPEH.   I FUCKING HATE THAT BASTARD AND HOW  ANNOYING IT WAS TO GET THE AIMING GAMBISON.
WHY IS THE 2ND ENDWALKER TRIAL SUCH A MAGNET FOR BAD PLAYERS I JUST WANT MY TT CARD. I CAN UNDERSTAND NOT KNOWING OR REMEMBERING THE RED BLUE GREEN BUT WHY ARE YOU STILL GETTING HIT EVERY TIME AFTER THE 10TH TIME IT HAPPENS IT REALLY ISNT THAT HARD. AND DONT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE MENTORS WHO STAND RIGHT ON THE PROXIMITY MARKER AND DIE. ITS ALWAYS MY COHEALER WHO IS THE WORST PLAYER TOO. AND THEN I GET LIKE 1 COM AFTER SOLO HEALING THE FIGHT WHEN IT DRAGS ON FOR 15 MINUTES. THE FIRST EW TRIAL IS WAY HARDER AND YET I HARDLY EVER SEE SUCH BAD PLAYERS THERE.
TODAY I HAD TO TAKE MY CAT TO THE VET TO GET HIS TEETH CLEANED. SINCE HE HAS TO BE SEDATED FOR THIS, THAT MEANS HE CAN'T EAT OR DRINK FOR 12 HOURS BEFOREHAND. FRIENDS, I HAD HIM LOCKED IN MY ROOM (WITH THE LITTERBOX) ALL NIGHT.  AND HE SPENT THOSE EIGHT HOURS *WAILING.* AND *YELLING.* AND SCRABBLING FRANTICALLY AT THE DOORKNOB WITH HIS LITTLE PAWS, CONVINCED IT WOULD EVENTUALLY OPEN!  IT WAS A LONG, LONG NIGHT.  OH, AND I FOUND OUT I MOST LIKELY NEED A NEW GLASSES PRESCRIPTION. MY CURRENT VISION IS 20/50 IN THE *GOOD* EYE. NGL, I'M PRETTY DEMORALIZED ABOUT THIS, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE I JUST KNOW MY OPHTHALMOLOGIST IS GONNA TRY TO SELL ME ON LASIK.   [CAT](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/266050247455670272/1092857434760036493/20230404_123158.jpg) [TAX!](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/266050247455670272/1092850273308909710/20230320_125945.jpg)  UPDATE: CAT IS BACK FROM THE VET (YAY) BUT HE PEED ON HIMSELF IN THE CARRIER (BOO) AND THEY **DID NOT CLEAN HIM** (DOUBLE BOO!) I CANNOT WASH HIM BECAUSE HE WILL FLIP OUT, SO I AM LETTING HIM CLEAN HIMSELF AND HOPING THAT MINIMIZES THE *INCREDIBLE* STANK.
I regret introducing someone to the game (warning: personal drama)  I was glad when she tried XIV, but recently she defended someone who stalked and sexually harassed me, saying I should be gentle to them because they’re 19 (we’re both 23). It was rather eye-opening. I tried to talk it through with her but she was evasive, got caught in two obvious lies and just overall acted pretty shifty for no reason.    I initially said I’d buy her the game when she finishes the free trial, but I’ve since changed my mind. It’s shitty to rescind an offer, but I’m disinclined to spend money on this person. I used to feel sorry for her since she’s very lonely but now I just feel like I’m not responsible for helping to fix her life… or buy her FFXIV.   There are other reasons I want to cut ties with her, but it’ll be awkward because she joined my FC Discord as well, and they think I’m still on friendly terms with her. I’m not going to complain about her to them cause that just seems like negativity. But she’s also quite sensitive and would post things like “clearly someone doesn’t know how to care” if I didn’t reply fast enough, so I foresee a potential drama escalation if I try to cut her off or refuse to buy her the game. I genuinely like the people in my FC, but I don’t want to involve them in personal drama.  I’m probably not summarizing the situation correctly since it’s like 3am, but, hey.
DID YOU GUYS KNOW ITS ACTUALLY *ILLEGAL* TO GET ANYTHING PAST ARR IN ROULETTES WHEN YOU PLAY AS A HEALER!? TRUE STORY!  I GET THAT ITS A COMBINATION OF FACTORS LIKE THE CONTENT DROUGHT, AND THE FACT THAT THE ONLY HEALER PRE LEVEL 30 IS CONJURER, BUT MAN THE LAST FEW WEEKS HAVE BLEW HARD. I JUST WANNA USE MY FLASHY PEW PEW PEW SAGE SPELLS! 🤬🤬🤬
I'M ENJOYING TANKING ON DUTY ROULETTE AS A SPROUT BUT I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO COMMUNICATE WITH PLAYERS COS I'M A REALLY SLOW TYPER AND HAVE NO MOUSE  BY THE TIME I'M DONE TYPING OR ROLLING FOR LOOT MY TEAMMATES HAVE ZOOMED OFF AND I PANIC COS I DUNNO IF IT'S A BAD THING THAT THEY'RE FIGHTING BY THEMSELVES  CONSIDERING GETTING A MOUSE, LEARNING TOUCH TYPING, AND GROWING MY TINY HANDS TO BE A LITTLE FASTER  On good news, it's been a very fun experience and I did my first wall to wall pull yesterday on a low level dungeon cos an experienced healer told me to, IT WAS PRETTY COOL. I FELT THE POWER.
BEEN LEVELLING SMN RECENTLY (JUST ABOUT LVL 84) - AM CONFUSED, IS THERE SOME NUANCE TO IT, OR IS IT JUST "HAHAHA BOOK GO PEW GEMS GO PEWPEW"? NOT TO LOOK DOWN ON IT, BUT IT JUST SEEMS A LITTLE STRAIGHTFORWARD COMPARED TO OTHER CLASSES AT THAT SORT OF LEVEL.
LATELY I'M SEEING PEOPLE EITHER IGNORE STACK MARKER OR OVERLAP THEM. IT TAKES ME BACK TO WOW DAYS, WHERE THE REAL DIFFICULTY DOESN'T COME FROM BOSSES OR MECHANICS, BUT YOUR OWN TEAMMATES.      IRL RAGE - FUCKING PEOPLE WHO YELL ON THEIR PHONE. STOP BEING A NUISANCE, NOBODY WANTS TO LISTEN TO THAT SHIT.
NOT MY RAGE BUT THE RAGE OF A FRIENDS. IM CLOSE FRIENDS WITH THIS GUY. REAL CLOSE. TO THE POINT WHERE I MAY ASK HIM TO BE MY BOYFRIEND. SO I INTRODUCE HIM TO THIS GAME ONLY FOR EVERYTHING TO FUCKING GO WRONG WITH HIS PC.  THE STEAM VERSION KEEPS LOADING ITSELF INTO THE C DRIVE AND IT WOULDNT UPDATE CAUSE HIS C DRIVE IS FULL. OF WHAT EXACTLY? FULL OF SHIT WINDOW NEEDED INSTALLED OR ELSE HIS PC SHITS ITSELF. OK THAT SUCKS BUT THE SOLUTION WAS TO USE THE FREE TRIAL ON THE SQUARE STORE. NICE NICE.  FINALLY COMES A DAY WHERE I GET HOME EARLY AND I WANT TO HELP HIM AND PLAY WITH HIM. HIS PC FUCKING DIES ON HIM BEFORE I GET HOME. HE TRIED EVERYTHING AND IT DIDNT BOOT. HE TAKES IT INTO THE SHOP THE NEXT DAY. HIS GRAPHICS DRIVER DIES ON HIM, AND WHEN THE FUCKER TRIED TO FIX HIS PC THEY FUCKED UP AND WERE ABOUT TO CHARGE HIM MORE. EVEN THOUGH IT WAS THEIR FAULT.   SO AFTER FRUSTRATION BEYOND THAT HIS PC IS RIGHT AS RAIN RIGHT? RIGHT? WRONG. CAUSE THEY FUCKED UP HIS DRIVERS TOO AND THAT NEEDED FIXING.  SO FINALLY AFTER ALL THE BULLSHIT AND THE THREAT OF A LAWSUIT LATER HE GETS IT FIXED AND PROPER. IM HOPING TO GET TO PLAY WITH HIM LATER TODAY.
Game Rage: 20 SLOTS FOR OUTDOOR FURNITURE ON SMALL HOUSES ARE NOT ENOUGH. NOT BEING ABLE TO PLACE ALL KINDS OF THINGS ON THE RAISED LOFT THING ETC IS NOT GREAT. I WANT TO COVER MY LAWN WITH FANCY FLOWER "CARPET" LIKE THINGS, HAVE A TABLE WITH MULTIPLE SEATS INSTEAD OF ONE COMBO VERSION THAT LOOKS MEDIOCRE AND PLACE ALL THE NEAT LITTLE DETAILS NOBODY BUT ME WILL EVER NOTICE.  BUT NO, WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE PEOPLE DON'T HAVE LAG FROM HELL AND THEIR COMPUTERS/CONSOLES DON'T EXPLODE BECAUSE EVERYONE AND THEIR NEIGHBOUR - LITERALLY - WOULD USE THEIR SPACE JUST AS MUCH AS I WOULD. I HATE IT WHEN WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS FOR ACTUAL GOOD REASONS! GO AWAY, GOOD REASONS! I WANT TO HAVE FUN! (But for what its worth two friends who are very well versed in housing decoration and stuff took a look at the little bit I managed to do with my 20 slots and they said they really like it, and I feel a little bit proud of that. \^\^)  Real life rage: ADDITIONALLY TO IF A SPACE FOR MEETING WITH FRIENDS IS OUTDOORS AND PEOPLE MIGHT MASK UP ETC BECAUSE COVID IS, IN FACT, NOT OVER, I NEED TO CONSIDER IF I HAVE THE STAMINA FOR THE MEETING IN THE FIRST PLACE NOW. HAD 3 OPTIONS OF THINGS I COULD DO AT EASTER HOLIDAYS WITH EITHER FRIENDS, PARENTS-IN-LAW, OR MY MOM AND I'M GOING TO PICK OPTION 4 OF STAYING AT HOME BECAUSE LONG COVID IS KICKING ME DOWN. BECAUSE I DARED GOING ON A SHORT WALK THROUGH THE NEIGHBOURHOOD FOR POKEMON GO ON THE LAST TWO DAYS EACH AND APPARENTLY THIS IS TOO MUCH NOW. AND I DON'T EVEN HAVE ONE OF THE SUPER BAD CASES OF POST-COVID SYMPTOMS.  FUCK COVID.
I WAS TOLD THAT THE MANDERVILLE QUESTS WERE "STUPID AND OVERLY SILLY" SO I DIDN'T DO THEM UNTIL LAST WEEK. THEY ARE THE BEST THING EVER. I WAS LIED TO. I BINGED THEM. JOYFUL RAGE! ALSO, PROTEC GREG. AND /NAP NASHU IS FUNNY.  ANGRY RAGE TIME. BLIZZARD 3 IS NOT A LV 80 BLACK MAGE ROTATION. I CAN SEE YOUR CASTBAR. PLEASE, DON'T HURT ME LIKE THAT. FIRE 4 IS LOVE/LIFE. I PLAY TOO MUCH BLM :C I DON'T HAVE THE ENERGY/DESIRE TO CORRECT YOU SO I WON'T. :C BUT IT HURTS.
I WAS TELLING FRIENDS (WHO ARE ON THE NA DC) THAT I WAS STRUGGLING GETTING THROUGH PVP QUEUES BECAUSE I WANTED TO ATTEMPT GET THE MOUNT BEFORE 6.4 AND I WAS RUNNING INTO WIN TRADERS IN CRYSTALINE CONFLICT.  THESE FRIENDS TELL ME THAT THEY MANAGED TO GET TO RANK 15 JUST BY USING THE FRONTLINE ROULETTE IN A FEW WEEKS AND THAT I SHOULD USE THE FRONTLINE ROULETTE MORE OFTEN. WHEN I TELL THEM I CAN'T JUST USE THE ROULETTE BECAUSE IT NEVER POPS, I GET TOLD THAT I'M JUST COMPLAINING.  JUST TO PROVE IT TO THEM, I QUEUED UP FOR THE FRONTLINE ROULETTE AT 9AM ON A SUNDAY MORNING. I 90K'D MORE THAN 7 HOURS LATER AND IT STILL HADN'T POPPED. YES, IF YOU HADN'T GUESSED BY NOW, I'M ON MATERIA.  WHEN PEOPLE TELL ME THAT MATERIA IS A "TIGHT-KNIT BUNCH OF PEOPLE", I DISAGREE WITH THEM.   NO, WE AREN'T A TIGHT-KNIT BUNCH. THE ONLY REASON THAT MOST PEOPLE KNOW EACH OTHER IS THAT WE HAVE A LACK OF POPULATION. TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA, IT IS BASICALLY PRIME-TIME ON A FRIDAY NIGHT RIGHT NOW. THERE ARE 19 PARTIES UP IN PARTY FINDER.  IT'S THE ***DEAD PERIOD*** RIGHT NOW ON *CRYSTAL* (7AM EAST COAST, 4AM WEST COAST). THERE'S 20 PARTIES UP. ON AETHER, THERE'S 22.  AND WHEN I DID MY ROULETTES ON CRYSTAL TO LEVEL UP MY PALADIN, I RAN INTO *THREE* ZERO DPS SAGES WHO ALL HAD KARDIA ON ME. SO IT'S A LOSE-LOSE SITUATION FOR ME REGARDLESS WHICH WAY I TURN.  I GUESS I'LL BE LIKE CODY RHODES AND JUST LIE DOWN AND DIE BECAUSE I CAN'T WIN.
HAD THE TRIFECTA OF AWFUL PLAYERS FOR AN AGLAIA RAID. DNC AND WAR. DNC PARTNERED WAR AND REFUSED TO CHANGE OR REPLY, BOTH HAVE SAME LAST NAME, AND BOTH HAD FUCKING MENTOR CROWNS.  LIKE I PLAY WITH MY HUSBAND A LOT AND WE HAVE THE SAME LAST NAME BUT I ONLY PARTNER HIM IF HE’S TOP DPS. I PROMISE YOU YOUR RELATIONSHIP CAN SURVIVE YOU PARTNERING ANOTHER PLAYER.
IT STILL REALLY PISSES ME OFF THAT EUREKA ORTHOS DOESN'T GIVE US A CHANCE TO GET TIMEWORN RELICS / RAW EMOTIONS. PALACE OF THE DEAD / HEAVEN ON HIGH ARE EVEN MORE ABANDONED THAN THEY USED TO BE, SO TRYING TO GRIND THOSE THINGS IS EVEN MORE DIFFICULT THAN EVER.   JUST, SERIOUSLY, MAKE THEM DROP FROM ANY DEEP DUNGEON. IT'LL HELP SO DAMN MUCH.  NOT THAT I'M DOING MUCH GRINDING AT THE MOMENT BECAUSE NO MAN'S SKY HAS GOT ITS HOOKS BACK INTO ME. IT FUCKING FLOORS ME THAT HELLO GAMES IS *STILL GOING* WITH THESE DLC-GRADE UPDATES AFTER ALL THIS TIME. THERE'S NO WAY THIS SHIT CAN BE COMMERCIALLY VIABLE.
leveling whm is dull enough as it is without every df tank i get pulling one mob at a time. don't blame me if you die because i fell asleep from boredom
STATIC CLEARED P6S TWICE THE DAY THE TIER UNLOCKED. HEEHEE.
HEY FRONTLINES PLAYERS. IT DOES NOT MATTER IF THE LEADING TEAM IS GOING TO GET THE HIGH OVOO/POINT IF OUR SIDE IS BEING HIT IN THE REAR BY THE THIRD FACTON. STOP WASTING TIME AND FEEDING POINTS. PULL BACK AND REGROUP. THEY ARE GOING TO GET IT ANYWAY. I KNOW YOU'RE ONLY HERE FOR THE DAILY POINTS. PUT IN SOME EFFORT ANYWAY.
WHY IS IT TAKING ME 40+ MINUTES FOR EACH DUNGEON ROULETTE? HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN WHAT BUTTONS TO PRESS?
IM ON (ANOTHER) BREAK FROM XIV. IVE BEEN GOING THROUGH THE PS PLUS CATALOG DOWNLOADING ALL KINDS OF JUNK. JUST... TRYING EVERY GAME I CAN THINK OF UNTIL SOMETHING FINALLY CLICKS. FINALLY FOUND WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR A COUPLE DAYS AGO. GHOSTWIRE TOKYO. ITS SO DAMN GOOD. THE CONTROLS WERE A LITTLE JANKY AT FIRST, BUT ONCE I FIGURED OUT BETTER SETTINGS.... SHITS FIRE. I LOVE IT.  WHY IS THIS A RAGE POST, YOU ASK? MY PS PLUS SUB RUNS OUT TODAY. I CANT AFFORD TO RESUB UNTIL WEDNESDAY. FINALLY FOUND A GAME I REALLY WANNA PLAY AND WONT BE ABLE TO FOR ALMOST A WEEK.
[AND HERE IS WHERE I WOULD PUT MY ARCHBISHOP THORDAN VII CARD](https://imgflip.com/s/meme/This-Is-Where-Id-Put-My-Trophy-If-I-Had-One.jpg)
DUN SCAITH, I'M PLAYING MACHINIST AND TOPPING OUT THE AGGRO LIST SINCE OUR TANK HAS STANCE OFF. BEEN TRYING TO LEVEL MCH UP TO 90 AND HAVEN'T PLAYED IT FOR AWHILE, SO I'M HAPPY BECAUSE I MUST BE PUSHING AT LEAST SOME OF MY BUTTONS IN THE RIGHT ORDER!  AM SIGNIFICANTLY LESS HAPPY WHEN WE GET TO PHASE TWO AND HOLLOW CAMISADO KILLS THE MAIN TANK (AS IT OFTEN DOES). SUDDENLY REALIZE _I AM SECOND IN AGGRO FOR THE WHOLE RAID BEHIND THE MAIN TANK_ WHEN DIABOLOS STARTS BEATING _ME_ UP INSTEAD. I POINT THE BOSS NORTH FOR THE SAKE OF THE MELEE AND USE MY HANDY DANDY 'PLEASE AGGRO THE TARGET' MACRO. DOES OUR TANK TURN STANCE ON AND PROVOKE? NOPE. DOES THE OTHER LIVING TANK TURN THEIR STANCE ON AND PROVOKE? NOPE. THE NEXT HOLLOW CAMISADO OF COURSE MURDERS ME IMMEDIATELY AND THEN DIABOLOS GOES ON A RAMPAGE THROUGH THE HEAVY DPS AND HEALERS UNTIL FINALLY THE ORIGINAL MAIN TANK IS REZZED AND PROVOKES IT BACK.  WHY ON EARTH WOULD YOU SPEND THE QUEUE TIME TO JOIN AN ALLIANCE RAID AS A TANK IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO TANK?!?   SIDE NOTE: IT FEELS LIKE ALLIANCE RAIDS ARE EXTREMELY PRONE TO HAVING EITHER THREE TANKS WITH MAIN CHARACTER SYNDROME OR THREE TANKS WHO REALLY JUST WANT TO BLUE DPS. BLEH.
HAPPY IRL RAGE: I FINALLY LEFT MY JOB THAT HAD ME WAKING UP FOR SHIFTS AT 2 AM AND BEEN OFFERED A POSITION FOR A BETTER PAYING JOB THAT HAS NORMAL HUMAN BEING HOURS!  FFXIV RAGE: PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF HYDAELYN, DF, STOP MATCHING ME WITH ANOTHER AST WHEN I GO AST. SEEING MY CARDS GET OVERWRITTEN BY THE OTHER CARD ENJOYER KILLS ME INSIDE.
THIS *FUCKING BARD*.  SO I’M IN MOUNT GULG. THE BARD IS NEW AND WATCHING THE CUTSCENE. COOL, GOOD FOR THEM, IT’S A GREAT PART OF THE STORY.  AND THEN THEY START PLAYING.  OR RATHER, THEY *DON’T*. THIS BARD USED **ZERO FUCKING SONGS**. WE GET ALL THE WAY THROUGH THE FIRST BOSS AND NOT ONCE HAVE I BEEN GRACED WITH A BARD BUFF. I ASK THEM IN CHAT WHAT’S UP AND GET NO RESPONSE.  LISTEN, BARD’S A BUSY CLASS. YOU HAVE A LOT TO KEEP TRACK OF BY LEVEL 80. PART OF THAT IS *YOUR CORE FUCKING ABILTIES*. HOW DO YOU GET TO LEVEL 80 — 85, TECHNICALLY, I CHECKED THEIR SEARCH INFO — AND JUST NOT USE THE BASIC MECHANIC OF WHAT SEEMS TO BE YOUR *MAIN CLASS?*  ON A VERY RELATED NOTE, SHOUT OUT TO THE LEVEL 89 RED MAGE I GOT IN THE LEVEL 50 SHIVA TRIAL WHO HARDCASTED *EVERY SPELL*. YOU HAVE LITERALLY NO EXCUSE AT THAT POINT.  LOOK, I GET IT. THERE’S A LOT OF JOBS IN THE GAME. IT’S HARD TO MASTER ALL OF THEM. I DON’T QUEUE AS BLACK MAGE OR MONK OUTSIDE OF FRONTLINES BECAUSE I’M GODAWFUL AT THEM. BUT IF YOU’RE IN ACTUAL CONTENT, LEARN THE BASICS OF YOUR CLASS.
MY ACCOUNT TIME RAN OUT JUST BEFORE MAINTENANCE, SO I SAID FINE, I'LL JUST REUP AFTER IT'S DONE AND NOT LOSE A DAY.  IT'S NOW FRIDAY AND MY ACCOUNT IS STILL FROZEN WITH THREE $1 CHARGES PENDING ON MY BANK ACCOUNT. UGH I HATE CALLING TECH SUPPORT. IT'S THE SAME CARD I ALWAYS USE, TOO.
IF I GET BYAKKO AGAIN FOR MY TRIAL ROULETTE TODAY AGAIN IM GONNA SCREAM   I THINK ITS A NEAT FIGHT BUT IVE HEARD "IMPRESSIVE, VERY WELL I SHALL BRING ALL TO BARE" EVERY DAY THIS WEEK AAAAAA
IM TRYING TO GET THE PVP ARMOR SET BUT HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK IS THE PVP IN THIS GAME
I CANNOT GET GUARANTEED CHANCE POINTS  EVEN WITH OPTIMAL STICKERS ON KHLOE'S WONDROUS TRAILS, THE HIGHEST CHANCE OF GETTING 3 LINES IS LESS THAN 3 PERCENT, AND OFTEN TIMES STRAIGHT UP 0 PERCENT.   I KEEP SPENDING MY CHANCE POINTS TO SHUFFLE AND GET THAT 3% CHANCE AND IT'S JUST NOT HAPPENING  AND GETTING CHANCE POINTS IS SO MUCH RNG, WHY CAN'T I HAVE A WAY TO GET THEM CONSISTENTLY?!   I'D RATHER DO AN EXTREME WITH 7 FIRST TIMERS TO HAVE THAT CHANCE POINT RATHER THAN ANOTHER FULL DUNGEON THAT I KNOW FROM THE START WON'T GET ME SHIT!!!
GOD, WOULDN'T IT BE NICE IF THE PARTY COULD MAKE IT TO THE ADVERTISED PROG POINT?  MAN, I JUST WANNA PRACTICE ANNIHILATION. NOT MARIO KART. NOT GAOLS. NOT DASHES (WHY TF AREN'T WE SKIPPING, PUSH BUTTONS), NOT NAILS, AND *CERTAINLY NOT ANYTHING IN FUCKING GARUDA.*
I FEEL VERY DONE WITH SHIT.  I THINK THE GRIEF OF MY FATHER PASSING SUDDENLY HAS FINALLY CAUGHT UP AND MY BRAIN'S PROCESSING HAS COME TO FRUITION.  AND I'M NOT EXACTLY THRILLED WITH IT, BUT IT'S EXPECTED.  BUT GOD DO I FEEL LIKE SHIT MENTALLY, BUT HAVE THE ADHD SCREAMING FOR DOING STUFF.  HE OUTLIVED HIS FATHER, AND IT SEEMS HEART ISSUES ARE A POX UPON THE MALES OF HIS FAMILY AS I AM FAIRLY SURE THAT'S WHAT GOT HIM.  MY MOM AND BROTHER WERE GETTING FOOD AND OUT AND IT WASN'T LONG...  IT HIT ME BECAUSE SOMETHING ABOUT CLASSICAL MUSIC CAME UP ON A GAME SHOW AND IT HIT ME I WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO TALK TO HIM ABOUT THAT EVER AGAIN.  IT WAS ONE OF HIS LOVES AND PASSIONS.  AND I AM ABSOLUTELY EXPECTING RNG TO COME BY AND SLAP MY ASS AND DENY ME MY DREAM MEDIUM PLOT, BUT THE DEPRESSION IS ALREADY REAL ON THAT SO I PROBABLY WILL SHRUG AND MOVE ON.  I WILL BE FINE, I ALWAYS MANAGE AND PICK MYSELF BACK UP.  ITS A PART OF WHO I AM DESPITE ALL MY BULLSHIT AND PROBLEMS MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY.  AND I'M NOT EVEN SURE ONE GOOD CRY WILL GET ME PAST THIS.  BUT I ALSO DON'T WANT THE HEADACHE FROM TOO MUCH CRYING.  ALSO, FUCK YOU RNG.  STOP BEING A DOUCHE ABOUT PRIMAL ANCIENT PIECES AND GIVE ME USEFUL ONES YOU FUCKING PRICK.  AND MLYNAR IN ARKNIGHTS.  ITS BAD ENOUGH YOUR FUCKERY WITH GNOSIS!!!!!  OH, AND HOLDOVER RAGE: SNAIL GAMES CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVES AND I HOPE MICROSOFT CAN PICK UP WILDCARD AND LET THEM DO THEM SO ARK CAN LIVE FREE AGAIN WITHOUT BULLSHIT.  ABSOLUTE HORSESHIT WHAT THEY'RE DOING TO WILDCARD AND HURTING THEM JUST TO MILK MONEY.  DESPITE MY MOOD FROM MY DAD PASSING, I'M STILL PRETTY GODDAMN SALTY ABOUT THAT SHIT WITH ARK SURVIVAL ASCENDED NOT BEING FREE LIKE ORIGINALLY SAID.  SO GODDAMN MAD.  FUCK YOU SNAIL BECAUSE I KNOW YOU'RE LIKELY CULPRITS SINCE YOU OWN WC AND HAD A STRING OF FAILURES OF GAMES.  FUCK.  YOU.  (ALSO FUCK YOU TO THE SUBSET OF ASSHOLES WHO BASICALLY HAVE PUSHED THE MORE PUBLIC PEOPLE INVOVLED WITH ARK OFF SOCIAL MEDIA DUE TO YOUR BULLSHIT.  STOP DIRECTING IT AT PEOPLE WHO CAN'T CHANGE THIS SHIT.)  I'LL BE FINE.  I FEEL BETTER GETTING THAT ONE OUT TOO.
WAITED LIKE 40 MINUTES TO FILL SPOTS IN A WOD MIN IL RUN  FINALLY GET IN AND OUR GROUPS TANK IMMEDIATELY SAYS ITS RAIDTIME AND THEY HAVE TO GO. WHAT THE FUCK MAN???  ___  DSR BIS FARMING. WHY IS DUNGEON LOOT LIKE THIS. IM 30 RUNS IN AND 7/8 PIECES.  SHOUT-OUT TO ONE RUN WHERE BOTH THE THINGS I NEEDED DROPPED BUT RANDO SUMMONER WON THEM BOTH.   I DIDN'T ASK THEM TO PASS, SO ENTIRELY MY OWN FAULT, BUT 😭😭😭  FURTHERMORE, THE AMOUNT OF LEVEL 90S WHO CANNOT TELL LEFT FROM RIGHT IS STARTING TO GET LEGITIMATELY CONCERNING  ALSO ALSO. JUST FOUND OUT THE DUNGEON SET ISN'T EVEN DYEABLE AND THEREFORE I CANT EVEN MAKE A GLAM OUT OF IT. WTF  ___   DOING UNREALS IN PF IS MORE PAINFUL THAN PROGGING DSR WITH THE STATIC. 11 MINUTE LONG KILLS. ADDS ENRAGES  SHOUT-OUT TO THE TIME WE ENRAGED AT ADDS. THE 5 PARSING WHM ASKS IF WE'RE HOLDING DAMAGE. I SAY I'M BURNING EVERYTHING SHORT OF LB   SUMMONER SAYS ME TOO  THIS SUMMONER DIED TWICE BEFORE ADDS, HAD BRINK OF DEATH, AND PARSED A BIG FAT 0 ON A RUN WE DID CLEAR.  I THINK ITS YOUR FAULT DARLING, DON'T GIVE ME THAT.  ___  ONE POSITIVE THING. WAS TRAILING IN 3RD ALL GAME ON ONSAL. CONSTANTLY LOSING FIGHTS, EVEN ONES WE HAD NO RIGHT TO LOSE.  THEN, IN THE LAST 200 POINT STRETCH, AN A RANK SPAWNS BETWEEN THE TWO OTHER TEAMS. AS SOON AS THEY GET LOCKED INTO A FIGHT, TWO S RANKS SPAWN RIGHT OUTSIDE OUR BASE.   NEITHER TEAM MANAGED TO BREAK OFF TO CONTEST, AND WE GOT BOTH S RANKS. ROCKETED IMTO FIRST PLACE FOR THE WIN, OVERCOMING A 200 POINT DEFECIT.  THANK YOU RNG GODS. BUT CAN I PLEASE HAVE MANALIS CASTER LEGS NOW
BEARDS! WHERE THE FUCK ARE BEARDS. MAN WANTS TO MAKE A GANDALF OUT HERE! AND YET HERE I AM IN CHARACTER CREATION, MAKING PRETEENS AND 16YR OLD CHARACTERS. I WANT A GANDALF BEARD AND I WANT IT NOW!
I KNOW TREASURE MAPS ARE ULTRA CAUSAL CONTENT BUT IT STILL FEELS BAD WHEN I, THE HEALER, AM DOING THE MOST DAMAGE OUT OF ALL FIVE PLAYERS IN THE PARTY. PEOPLE WERE USING SINGLE TARGET ATTACKS ON GROUPS AND AOES ON SINGLE TARGETS. THE RED MAGE WAS HARD CASTING *IMPACT* ON SINGLE BOSS MOBS. I DON'T THINK OUR REAPER EVER ENSHROUDED. THE SECOND ANYBODY TOOK DAMAGE, OUT COME THE CLEMENCY AND VERCURE CASTS.  THE GROUP WANTED TO WAIT FOR A HEALER AND I FIGURED HEY, I'M PRETTY DECENT AT IT, I CAN SWITCH. SO I DID. AND PROCEEDED TO DO NEXT TO NO HEALING BECAUSE THE RDM AND PLD PANIC HEAL EVERY TINY SCRATCH AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. LAUGHABLY, I'M UNCONVINCED THAT MEANINGFULLY AFFECTED OUR PARTY DPS.   I STUCK AROUND JUST LONG ENOUGH TO OPEN A FEW OF MY OWN MAPS BECAUSE I WASN'T ABOUT TO MOOCH AND SCOOCH, BUT BY THE TWELVE THAT WAS *SUFFOCATING*.
HEY EVERYONE, REMEMBER THE FRIEND WHO I SAID COULDN'T MAKE IT THROUGH THE OPENING OF STORMBLOOD AND ENDS UP QUITTING THE GAME BY THE TIME THEY GET TO LEVEL 62?  AND MY FRIEND AND I ENDED UP DRAGGING THEM THROUGH ALL OF STORMBLOOD AND SHADOWBRINGERS IN A WEEK SO THEY COULD PLAY WITH US IN ENDWALKER AND THEY ENDED UP LEAVING THE GAME BEFORE THE FINISHED THE FIRST NEW DUNGEON?  WELL I FOUND OUT THEY HAVE MADE, NOT ONE, BUT ***TWO***, MORE ALTS! AND BOTH OF THEM HAVE EVERY CRAFTER AND GATHERER AT LEVEL 60. AND BARD ALONE AT LEVEL 61. FOR **BOTH** CHARACTERS. ONE ON RAVANA AND ONE ON SOPHIA. YES, HE CAN SERVER HOP... BUT HE IS STUCK IN 2015 AND DOESN'T DO THAT.  IF ANYONE WOULD CREAM THEMSELVES AT AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF AN OLD SCHOOL HEAVENSWARD TYPE DATA CENTER, IT'S HIM. (AND HE WOULD STILL QUIT THE GAME THE MOMENT HE FINISHED EVERYTHING BECAUSE HE SAID HE WANTED TO RAID WITH US BUT ONLY WANTS TO DO THINGS THAT HE KNOWS INSTEAD OF LEARNING NEWER FIGHTS)
I’M SO TIRED OF PEOPLE BEING PETULANT LITTLE SHITS ON THE BALANCE MECHANIC IN AGLAIA. ITS NOT HAHA FUNNY ANYMORE
IF I GET A LAG SPIKE MIDWAY THROUGH A MUDRA ONE MORE FUCKING TIME I WILL......\*lags\*.........SUBSCRIPTION IS WORTHLESS WHEN I CANT EVEN..........\*lags\*..........TEN->CHI...........\*lags\* WHY AM I DEAD! I SHOULD OF STAYED ON..........\*lags\*   ..............THERE IS NO POINT ANYMORE. YOU WIN.
USE YOUR FUCKING KIT IN CCPVP. I'M SO SICK AND TIRED OF SEEING PEOPLE SIT ON FULL LBS FOR 80% OF THE MATCH WAITING FOR THE PERFECT MOMENT. IT'S A MOMENTUM BASED PVP MODE. STOP FISHING FOR A TEAM WIPE, SECURING EVEN ONE KILL EARLY CAN LEAD TO A WON MATCH.
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO DISTRACT MYSELF FOR THREE WEEKS AFTER A SUDDEN, BRUTAL AND CRUEL BREAKUP. HOWEVER, EVERY TIME MY FRIEND AND I TRY TO FARM P8S OR FOCUS ON SOMETHING SIMILAR, WE HAVE AT LEAST ONE TOTAL MORON IN THE PF HARDSTICKING US AT SNAKE 1 OR ANOTHER EARLY MECHANIC. PLEASE JUST LET ME RUN THROUGH FIGHTS SO I CAN STOP THE ENDLESS ANXIETY IN MY HEAD AND FOCUS ON SOMETHING NOT HORRENDOUS FOR 15 MINUTE INTERVALS. WHERE ARE ALL THE PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY READ PF DESCRIPTION AND KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING?
NEW TO ENDGAME GEAR LIMIT IN ALLIANCE RAID RAGE  FUCKING FORGOT YOU ONLY GET 1 PIECE OF GEAR A WEEK; ROLLED NEED ON A PIECE FOR THE JOB I RAN WITH AND GREED ON WHATEVER FUCKING OTHER PIECE WAS IN THE SAME CHEST, BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS NEED OR GREED ON EVERYTHING RIGHT  LOST THE NEED ROLL; GOT THE GREED ROLL (AIMING GEAR, WON'T HAVE A LEVEL 90 AIMING CLASS FOR . . . A WHILE YET)  SHOCKED, HORRIFIED, FEEL LIKE A COMPLETE FUCKING IDIOT WHEN THE NEXT CHEST COMES UP AND I CAN'T FUCKING ROLL ON SOME GEAR FOR MY -OTHER- LEVEL 90S  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH WHINE MOPE COMPLAIN KICK ROCKS
I'VE ONLY DONE ALLIANCE ROULETTE AS DPS AND HEALER SINCE I STARTED PLAYING LAST YEAR, BUT THIS WEEK I'M LEVELING MY PALADIN AND DECIDED TO TRY OUT ALLIANCE ROULETTE. I'M 78 SO THE OPTIONS WERE CT, MHACH, OR IVALICE RAIDS, AND I EXPECTED TO JUST SEE SYRCUS TOWER.  INSTEAD I GOT INTO ORBONNE, WHICH I'VE DONE PLENTY OF TIMES, JUST NOT AS TANK. THANKFULLY OTHER TANKS WERE AGGRESSIVE ON KEEPING BOSS AGGRO, SO THE ONLY THING MY TEAM HAD TO TEACH ME WAS NOT TO PICK UP CID'S TETHER. ALSO, DURING THE RUSH OF MECHANICS ON THE FINAL BOSS, EVERYONE IN MY ALLIANCE WIPED EXCEPT ME, THAT WAS FUNNY.
YOUR WEEKLY SERVING OF [EORZEA ACCORDING TO GARFIELD AND FRIENDS - WEEK 124](https://old.reddit.com/r/EATG/comments/12dxaqk/eorzea_according_to_garfrield_week_124/).   IF PEOPLE WANT TO MAKE THEIR OWN, QUITE WELCOMED TO IT TOO!  —-  [THE SALTWORKS COMIC #87](https://i.imgur.com/qYFdwY8.png). MAYBE IT WAS JUST SICKNESS HALLUCINATION… I HOPE…  YOU CAN CHECK [THE FULL ARCHIVES HERE](https://imgur.com/a/eeaPmw2).   WE DISCUSS AND SHARE IDEAS FOR FUTURE COMICS ON THE DISCORD TOO, AS WELL AS GETTING THE EARLY SNEAK PEAKS ON THEM.
I SAW THE ANNOUNCEMENT THAT SQUARE IS RELEASING UPDATED VERSIONS OF THE FFI-VI PIXEL REMASTERS ON CONSOLES. BUT THAT MOSTLY JUST SERVED TO REMIND ME THAT I'M MAD ABOUT THEM NOT INCLUDING ANY OF THE BONUS CONTENT FROM THE GBA VERSIONS OF THOSE GAMES.  THE GBA REMAKES OF I - VI (MUNUS III) EACH HAD BONUS STUFF IN THEM. EXTRA DUNGEONS FOR I, IV, V, AND VI, AND A WHOLE SIDE STORY WITH NEW PLOT FOR II.  THE PIXEL REMASTERS DON'T HAVE THIS CONTENT. WHICH I WOULDN'T BE MAD ABOUT SO MUCH, EXCEPT WE ALREADY *HAD* DIGITAL VERSIONS OF THOSE GAMES WITH THAT CONTENT IN IT (THE OLD IOS AND STEAM PORTS), AND THOSE VERSIONS WERE *REMOVED* FROM THE DIGITAL STORES TO MAKE WAY FOR THE PIXEL REMASTERS.  IT'S JUST SO FRUSTRATING THAT THEY ARTIFICIALLY REMOVED THAT OPTION FROM THE CUSTOMER. NOW THE ONLY WAY TO GET VERSIONS WITH THAT CONTENT IS TO FIND A PHYSICAL GBA CART FOR EACH, OR EMULATE THE GAME SOMEWHERE. AND THOSE GBA VERSIONS WERE LIMITED BY THE HARDWARE ANYWAY; IT WOULD HAVE BEEN SO GOOD TO HAVE A TRULY DEFINITIVE VERSION OF EACH GAME FOR THE PIXEL REMASTER.
On the happy stuff: I finally unlocked mentor roulette a few days ago...     AND I ALSO FOUND A SHUISUI OF THE VOILET TIDES RUN WHERE THE SCHOLAR HEALED ME THROUGH THIS ONE INSANE WALL TO WALL WITHOUT MIUCH ISSUES.  BUT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIVA EXTREME WITH 6 SPROUT OF WHOM NONE KNOW WHAT IT MEANS TO STACK?  AND IT'S NOT MADE BETTER BY THE FACT THAT THAT ONE VIERA LADY WAS FRENCH AND PROBABLY DIDN'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING OF WHAT WAS SAID IN CHAT SO ANY TALKS OF STRATEGY WAS FOR NOTHING ANYWAY!  BUT WORSE WAS THAT EVEN AFTER SOMEONE ASKED WHAT IT MEANS TO STACK MOST PEOPLE CONTINUED NOT TO STACK. SO AT SOME POINT WE JUST VOTED TO ABONDEN IT SINCE WE WOULDN'T BE ABLE CLEAR ANYWAY...  LOOK I AM GENUINELY TRYING TO DO STUFF AND HELP SPROUTS CLEAR THOSE FIGHTS BUT MAN. EXTREME IS NOT TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY. OR AT LEAST COME IN WITH THE RIGHT MENTALLITY SO WE HAVE A CHANCE OF CLEARING IT
FINALLY GOT MY PVP ARMOR SO CAN STOP PLAYING IT, BUT MY GOD CC IS FRUSTRATING.  IT GOT TO WHERE IF THE OPPOSING TEAM HAD A TANK WED ALMOST CERTAINLY LOSE BECAUSE MY WHOLE TEAM WOULD HAPPILY BLOW THEIR LOAD ON THEM.  ALL WHILE COMPLETELY IGNORING THE HEALER STANDING 5 FEET AWAY THAT I MARKED.  &nbsp;  SPEAKING OF, DOES THE 1 SYMBOL SUDDENLY MEAN "DO NOT ATTACK" OR SOMETHING?  THE NUMBER OF TIMES I'D PUT IT ON THE HEALER AND HAVE NO ONE ELSE ATTACK THEM WAS MINDBOGGLING.
THE BURNOUT IS HITTING. I'M TRYING TO PLAY OTHER GAMES TO DISTRACT MYSELF, BUT WHOOPS, 90% OF WHAT I OWN IS ON STEAM AND MY FRIEND I'M FAMILY SHARING WITH HAS GOTTEN REALLY INTO AN OBSCURE GAME. I'M NOT GOING TO STOP HIM BECAUSE IT'S BEEN FUCKING YEARS SINCE ANYONE I KNEW WAS INVESTED, BUT DAMN, IT'S A LITTLE FRUSTRATING. I MAY EVEN HAVE TO RESORT TO REAL-LIFE TASKS, THE HORROR.
FF7 BENDER IS STILL ON AND I'VE SPENT HOURS TRYING TO BREED THE GOLD CHOCOBO IN THE ORIGINAL GAME. I FINALLY GOT IT BUT I SWEAR I SPENT LIKE 2 HOURS RELOADING TRYING TO BREED A BLUE FEMALE TO GO WITH THE GREEN MALE I ALREADY HAD. AT LEAST IT WAS A BIT FASTER THAN WHAT I REMEMBER FROM PSX DAYS, PS5 LOADS *SLIIIIIGHTLY* FASTER.  I MOMENTARILY CONSIDERED GETTING INTO CHOCOBO RACING IN XIV BUT YEAH NAH NOT AFTER THIS.  AND I FEEL BAD THAT I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO REBIRTH MORE THAN I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO XVI.  ANYWAY, XIV RAGE IS ALMOST NON EXISTANT SINCE MOST OF MY TIME HAS BEEN SPENT ON FF7. CAN'T EVEN RAGE AT FANFEST STUFF BECAUSE I MANAGED TO GET TICKETS TO BOTH THE MAIN EVENT AND EORZEAN SYMPHONY. (HOWEVER I MAY HAVE AN EXTRA SYMPHONY TICKET BECAUSE MY FRIEND WHO'S ATTENDING THE FANFEST WITH ME MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO COME TO THE CONCERT. SOMEONE WILL WANT TO BUY THE TICKET OFF ME IF SHE CAN'T COME, RIGHT? IT'S NOT THAT MUCH MONEY COMPARED TO ALL I HAVE TO SPEND ON THE FANFEST BUT I'D HATE TO HAVE AN EMPTY SEAT NEXT TO ME...)
WHY ARE TANKS PULLING BOSSES TO CORNERS?
GRATS ON GETTING YOUR POWER BACK, MOI J'SUIS ENCORE PRIS SANS ÉLECTRICITÉ. J'ESPÈRE JUSTE MON COIN L'AURA CE SOIR, MAIS C'EST UN LIEU SEMI POURRI QUI POGNE LA PANNE SEMI REGULIÈREMENT ALORS ÇA RISQUE D'ÊTRE SAMEDI OU PLUS.  EDOT: I GOT POWER BACK YAYYY
Level synced duties that are part of MSQ quests are awful. I’d rather do a duty or watch extra cutscenes than go through a frustrating process that’ll inevitably take me an hour to do because I mess up somewhere each time. The latest one I’ve struggled with is the last quest in 5.1 but I got it eventually. Also I really hate the rp battles. It’s fun in concept but I just wish they were optional because they’re such a struggle
THE LOCHS. THE LVL 70 BOTANIST QUEST. A TIMED NODE. NO FLYING.   I DON'T THINK I NEED TO SAY MORE.
A FRIEND FROM FC SAID ABOUT A MONTH THAT A PVP SET IN THIS SEASON IS SO COOL AND I SHOULD TOTALLY GET IT. OKAY, FUCK IT, I DID NOT BOTHER WITH GRINDING PVP, BUT FALLEN MONARCHY *IS LOOOKING COOL*, SO WHY NOT GET IT?  AND SO I SPENT ALL MY FREE DAYS FOR THE PAST MONTH TO GRIND THAT SHIT NON-STOP FROM MORNING TILL EVENING SO I WOULD NOT MISS BECAUSE OF SUDDEN BUSINESS TRIP LIKE USUAL. I WAS REMINDED OF EVERY REASON WHY I RARELY JOIN CC, FROM BRAIN DEAD TEAMMATES RUSHING 1V3 TO FUNKY ROLE MATCHMAKING WHERE WE HAVE ALL RANGES AND ENEMY TEAM FULL OF MELEES JUST DELETING US.  AND SO I FINALLY EARNED IT WITH BLOOD, TEARS AND SWEARS. I PROUDLY LINK THIS CURSED CHEST INTO FC CHAT, OPEN IT AND PUT IT'S CONTENT INTO GLAMOUR CHEST. **AND I STILL HAS NOT USED IT**. IT'S PIECES DO NOT MIX WELL WITH OTHER SETS, MY TANKS ALREADY HAVE THEIR OWN GLAMOUR PLATES AND I JUST CAN'T THINK TO WHAT JOB SHOULD I ASSOCIATE THIS SET APART FROM DRK VIBES.  BUT HEY, GOOD NEWS! PANTS ARE COOL, HAVE GOOD DYES AND THEY BRING A PACE OF CHANGE FROM KUPO TROUSERS I USE IN ALMOST EVERY SET. OH, AND HELMET ACTUALLY WORK ON HROTGHAR, HELL YEAH!
TO THE PERSON THAT DECIDED TO DISBAND PROBABLY THE BEST P8S PARTY I'VE SEEN IN A WHILE (WE'RE TALKING ABOUT OENSHOTTING P1 ULTRA CLEAN AND DOING P2 FLAWLESSLY) OVER A SINGLE WIPE ON DOMINION - A WIPE THAT YOU CAUSED BECAUSE GETTING THAT ONE EXTRA MALEFIC CAST OFF WAS MORE IMPORTANT THAN SOAKING YOUR TOWER - I JUST WANT TO ASK: WHY
ORDERED A HOT RED EYE (COFFEE WITH A SHOT OF ESPRESSO) FROM A LOCAL CAFE. THEY ASKED IF I WANTED ROOM FROM MILK, I SAID NO, FILL IT TO THE TOP. WHEN I GOT HOME I REALIZED THEY LEFT ENOUGH ROOM FOR A WHOLE FRICKIN COW. SERIOUSLY! I FEEL STUPID FOR TIPPING THEM >\_<
I THINK CRYSTAL TOWER IS OUTDATED CONTENT.  &#x200B;  WHEN I COMPARE CT TO OTHER RAIDS (Weeping City and onward) IN ALLIANCE ROULETTE, THERE IS A DISTINCT PATTERN THAT STANDS OUT TO ME: THEY DO NOT WORK ANYMORE.  SOME USED TO HAVE MECHANICS. POSSIBLY INTERESTING ONES, SOME REQUIRED A MODICUM OF EFFORT, OR EVEN MERELY A DIVERSION FROM GOING THROUGH OPENER AND ROTATION UNTIL THE HP BAR DROPS TO 0. ANYONE SEEN SCYLLA'S PETRIFACTION OR GLASYA'S PLATFORM HOPPING IN THE LAST 9 YEARS? 'CAUSE I HAVEN'T. SOME FIGHTS, LIKE SCYLLA AND THANATOS, WERE DESIGNED WITH A SPECIFIC LENGTH IN MIND IN ORDER TO FIT THEIR SIGNATURE MECHANICS. HOWEVER, DAMAGE BUFFS THROUGHOUT PATCHES AND EXPANSION MADE IT SO THEY WERE UNABLE TO EXECUTE THEM. AS A RESULT, I ONLY NEED TO AVOID THREE ATTACKS TOTAL DURING THANATOS AND SCYLLA FREEZING YOU OR SCORCHING YOU WITHOUT PROTECTION IS ONLY A MILD INCONVENIENCE.  NOT ALL OF THEM HAD GOOD MECHANICS, MIND YOU. TOWERS DURING BEHEMOTH USED TO BE AN OFF-TANK THING AFTERALL (remember when there were five off-tanks? ugh). ALSO ARE WE GONNA TALK ABOUT THE ATOMOS CORRIDOR? HOW FUN IT IS TO GAZE FROM THE PLATFORM WHILE MELEES PRESS BUTTONS. LUCKY BASTARDS. AND THANATOS. YOU FROM ALLIANCE C? YOU MIGHT AS WELL AFK BECAUSE YOU SURE AS HELL ARE NOT GONNA MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN THE FIGHT. LEAVE IT TO ALLIANCE A AND MAYBE B.  &#x200B;  BUT.  I ALSO UNDERSTAND PEOPLE WHO JUST WANNA GET THROUGH DAILIES WITHOUT HAVING TO DRUDGE THROUGH FIGHTS. LIKE, DO I WANNA REALLY HAVE TO WAIT FOR GLASYA'S PLATFORMS TO FEEL ALIVE AGAIN WHEN SYRCUS POPS?  I AM NOT SURE. I THINK THEY NEED TO BE RE-DESIGNED TO SOMEHOW BE ENGAGING AGAIN, ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING HOW LEVEL 50 CLASSES ARE NOW EXTREMELY BORING COMPARED TO WHAT THEY WERE BACK IN 2.0.  IS THIS A PRIORITY? NOT NECESSARILY. HOUSING AND GLAMOUR PLATES ARE OF PARAMOUNT IMPORTANCE AND NO ONE CAN TELL ME OTHERWISE. BUT IT WOULD GO A LONG WAY, LIKE WHAT THEY DID WITH MAIN SCENARIO ROULETTE TO MAKE IT LESS BOTHERSOME (you can say what you want about its previous iteration taking ages – but, when cutscenes weren't mandatory, the new player's experience of what was meant to be the final dungeon was abysmal, it should all have just turned into a solo duty).
NON FFXIV RAGE  FUCK OFF BLADDER SNAILS!  I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU CAME FROM BUT NOW MY SHRIMP TANK IS STARTING TO BE TAKEN OVER!  I WENT TO MY LOCAL FISH STORE YESTERDAY LOOKING FOR AN ASSASSIN SNAIL TO EAT THEM, BUT THEY WERE OUT OF STOCK OF ASSASSINS, FUCK!  ON THE OTHER HAND THEY HAD SOME REALLY CUTE DWARF RASBORAS SO I BOUGHT FIVE OF THEM AND NOW THEY ARE MY CUTE LITTLE JANITORS EATING ALL THE COPEPODS THAT ARE ALSO TAKING OVER MY TANK.  NEVER BUY PLANTS FROM A NEW STORE YOU DON'T KNOW I GUESS...   I HATE SNAILS I DID NOT WANT THEM >:[ I WILL MAKE ONE EXCEPTION FOR THE ASSASSIN SNAIL BECAUSE IT WILL BE MY BODYGUARD AGAINST ALL OTHER ONES.
UP TO 120ISH SILVER SACKS FROM EUREKA ORTHOS STILL NO TT CARD... WHY THEY COULDN'T HAVE ADDED IT TO AN NPC OR THE VENDOR FOR 10 FRAGMENTS IS BEYOND ME.
I FEEL SO FUCKING DEFEATED.  EARLIER THIS WEEK I WAS RUNNING POTD SOLO AND HAD WIPED TO THE FLOOR 150 BOSS ON WAR, AND SWORE REVENGE.  A COUPLE DAYS LATER, I'M BACK IN ON MCH, GET TO FLOOR 117, ALMOST DONE WITH THE FLOOR, PULL A MOB. COMPUTER DECIDES TO TAKE A MASSIVE SHIT, AND END MY RUN.  A COUPLE DAYS AFTER THAT, I GET BACK INTO POTD AS MCH, AND AFTER 8 HOURS OF GOING THROUGH CAREFULLY (SHIT STILL HURTS POST 120 AS RANGED DPS, SE PLZ STAHP), I CLEAR [FLOOR 150](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297111139186245643/1093003168889188402/ffxiv_04042023_221758_619.png) AND REVENGE FELT WONDERFULLY SWEET AGAINST WHAT FEELS LIKE A DOOR BOSS.  REALIZED HOW LATE IT WAS, CALLED IT A NIGHT, AND TOLD MYSELF I WOULD SEE THAT FUCKING PROMISED LAND: THE BENCH AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL.  HOWEVER THE GOD THAT IS ABOVE AND KNOWN AS RNGJESUS DECIDED IT WOULD COMPLETELY FUCK WITH ME. HARD.  FLOOR 152, I ROLL AN HP DOWN, WHICH WAS QUITE BAD AS THE MOBS ON THE PREVIOUS FLOOR WERE HITTING ME LIKE A TRUCK. I SOMEHOW HAD A DECENT AMOUNT OF IMPS AND NEARLY DIED TO ONE DESPITE FOOD, SECOND WIND, TACTICIAN, AND POTS. HAD TO SERENITY.  FLOOR 155, I ROLL A BLIND. I START MISSING 50% OF THE TIME FOR SOME ODD REASON, AND PATROLS WERE A FRIGHTENING AMOUNT. HAD TO SERENITY.  FLOOR 158, ROLLED AMNESIA AND AUTO-REGEN PENALTY. FUCK. I REALLY NEEDED MY DRILL AS TIME WAS TICKING TOO MUCH FOR MY COMFORT. HAD TO USE MY LAST SERENITY, AND THE CHESTS DID NOT HAVE ANY.  FLOOR 159, ROLLED NO ITEM PENALTY. THERE WERE 2 IMPS AND I TRIED TO KILL ONE. DIED, RAISED, ATTEMPTED AGAIN WHEN COOLDOWNS CAME OFF, [AND FAILED THE DUTY.](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297111139186245643/1093220263505698886/ffxiv_04052023_130414_272.png)  I'M SO UPSET AT THE LOSS. I GOT TO THE PROMISED LAND AND COULDN'T MAKE IT.
THE ONE TIME I DO AGLAIA ON MCH FOR A CHANGE MY ENTIRE PARTY FALLS OFF THE PLATFORM ON SIR THUNDER HAMMER'S WILD RIDE.   SAD NOT-A-RESMAGE-TODAY NOISES.   ON THE OTHER HAND MCH SEEMS TO BE PRETTY RESPECTABLE DPS NOW SO THERE'S THAT.
IF YOU ARE A TANK ABOVE LEVEL 60 THERE IS NO EXCUSE TO NOT PULL WALL TO WALL. NOBODY CARES IF A SPROUT TANK DIES BECAUSE THEY ARE TRYING TO LEARN BUT IF YOU HAVE OVER HALF YOUR KIT AND STILL WONT EVEN ATTEMPT PULLING TO THE WALL YOU NEED TO GO BACK TO DPS.
NO REAL RAGE THIS WEEK. MY STATIC AND I HAVE DID OUR LAST RUN OF P8S LAST WEEK SO WE PICKED UP UWU FOR OUR NEXT GOAL BEFORE THE NEXT TIER COMES OUT. WE'VE BEEN HAVING FUN AND IN THE SPAN OF TWO WEEKS WE'VE MADE IT TO TITAN JAILS BUT GOD DAMN DOES EVERYTHING HAPPEN SO QUICKLY! ALSO, THE BEST THING TO COME OUT OF THIS WHOLE THING ARE THE CONSTANT THINGS WE SAY THAT WOULD BE SO WEIRD WITHOUT CONTEXT.
IT'S FINE TO JOIN ARR BLUE MAGE EXTREME PARTIES WITHOUT EVERY SPELL, THE DPS CHECK IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THE HARD PART OF THOSE  WHY DO PEOPLE JOIN THEM WITHOUT AETHERIAL MIMICRY?????
THE ONLY RAGE I CAN EXPRESS IS NOT PUSHING MYSELF TO TRY AND JUMP INTO THE P8S AFTER THE UPDATE!! I CAN WATCH THE GUIDES, AND LEARN AFTER SEVERAL TRIES, BUT NOT GETTING INTO IT IS WHAT INFURIATING TO ME.
I LOST MOTIVATION TO PLAY FFXIV. HELP.
FINALLY FINISHED DOING ALL MY DOH/L GEAR ON MY MAIN THIS WEEK, INCLUDING ENOUGH MELDS TO BE UPGRADES (FUCK PENTA IF I DON'T HAVE TO)  ...NOW I HAVE TO DO IT ON MY ALT...  I ENDED UP BLOWING LIKE 4MIL BUYING GATHERING GEAR BECAUSE I NEVER DID PACTMAKER'S GEAR ON MY CATBOY AND I'D RATHER SPEND GIL THAN TIME.   ALSO FUCK THE TIME CHANGE BECAUSE NOW I'M ON THE SHIT END OF US/AUSSIE TIME DIFFERENCE AND *I NEED TOMES*
Not even XIV rage, but another MMO. Healer rage, though, so relatable.   Derpy meme goes out:    NO DODGE   NO HEAL  😎  Like, I get it, having to heal someone that biffs mechanics can be frustrating, but gods forbid YOU DO THE JOB YOU SIGNED UP FOR.     I may or may not grasp the mentality. Personally, I like to have a heal button to be self-sufficient and support other players. Others might dig being a backbone of the party.    SOMETIMES YOU JUST WANT THE SHORT QUEUE. /cough  That's how I got my start, anyway, but I genuinely like the healer role.   I guess what I have beef with is taking the role THEN NOT DOING IT WHEN NEEDED. IS THAT ONE-BUTTON ROTATION SO STRENUOUS THAT YOU CAN'T SPARE ONE OF THE MANY, MANY BUTTONS YOU HAVE TO DO YOUR JOB? Okay, so that veered into XIV rage after all. :p
JUST KINDA FUCK EVERYTHING. I AM SO TIRED AND MY DEPRESSION REALLY FUCKING SUCKS. I HAVE TO MOVE BY 1 MAY AND NOW MAGICALLY COME UP WITH 3 MONTHS OF RENT THAT MY LANDLORD (ALSO MY NARCISSIST MOM) THINKS I OWE HER.  CAN'T PLAY GAMES OVER THERE IN MY OWN OFFICE BECAUSE SHE MOVED IN TO THE EXTRA SPACE. I LIVE LIKE A PIG BECAUSE I ONLY SWEEP ONCE A WEEK. APPARENTLY A 15 YEAR OLD PART ON OUR FRIDGE BREAKING IS ONLY BECAUSE I WASN'T TAKING THE BACK OFF EVERY TIME AND SWEEPING IT AND NOW SHE THINKS SHE SHOULD REPLACE THE ENTIRE FLOOR BECAUSE A FEW BOARDS MOSTLY UNDER THE FRIDGE WARPED. IT'S MY FAT LAZY ASS THAT WORKS ONLINE UNTIL MY KID GETS OUT OF SCHOOL THEN I'M LAZY FOR.. COOKING DINNER FOR MY DAD AND KID AND I, THEN DOING DISHES AND THEN SITTING DOWN FOR A LITTLE WITH KIDDO OR TAKING A SHOWER BEFORE BED. NO I SHOULD BE SORTING THROUGH ITEMS WE BUILT STORAGE FOR THAT'S 20+ YEARS OF MY LIFE THAT I NEED MENTAL HELP WITH BECAUSE THERE'S A LOT OF PTSBAD MEMORIES IN IT. I NEED TO GET A REAL JOB, BUT WHEN I ASK WHO WILL WATCH THE KID WHEN HE GETS OUT OF SCHOOL, IT'S CRICKETS. (I WORK ONLINE FOR 10/HR AND SET MY OWN HOURS, 12/HR IS WHAT SUBWAY HIRES FOR 20 MILES AWAY). SHE REGULARLY TAKES ABOUT ONE DAY A WEEK AWAY FROM ME FOR WORKING TO HELP HER WITH HER STUFF.  JUST FUCK. AND THIS IS BARELY SCRATCHING THE SURFACE OF HER. I CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE AND SHE CAN HAVE HER PRECIOUS HOUSE BACK THAT SHE'S MADE CLEAR I'LL NEVER INHERIT. WAY TO TREAT YOUR ONLY CHILD AND GRANDCHILD.
MY COMPUTER CAN NO LONGER RUN THE VR MOD. THIS COMPUTER HAS BEEN PUNCHING ABOVE IT'S WEIGHT FOR A WHILE BUT IT'S FINALLY BEEN BEATEN.  NON-GAME RELATED: WINDOWS 10 RANDOMLY DECIDED IN FEB THAT IT DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO UPDATE ANYMORE. AFTER MONTHS OF TRYING TO FIX IT I FINALLY JUST HAD TO DO THE IN PLACE UPGRADE/REINSTALL. SO FUCKING DUMB. I SHOULD NOT HAVE TO REINSTALL THE OS TO FIX UPDATES. NOT EVERYONE KNOWS HOW TO TROUBLESHOOT/DO THIS STUFF. IF ONE OF MY OLDER FAMILY MEMBERS COMPUTERS JUST STOPPED UPDATING THAT WOULD BE THAT. THEY WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO REINSTALL. THEY'D JUST HAVE AN OUT OF DATE COMPUTER. THIS ISN'T HYPERBOLE, EVERY TIME I CHECK MY MOTHER'S COMPUTER THERE ARE WEEKS WORTH OF ERRORS BECAUSE SHE WILL JUST IGNORE AND CLICK AWAY EVERY WARNING AS LONG AS HER FACEBOOK SLOTS BROWSER GAME STILL LOADS. WHAT ARE Y'ALL DOING OVER THERE IN MICROSOFT LAND? FIX THIS!
IF YOU ARE A PERSON WHO SPAMS “GOOD MATCH” OR “PUSH THE CRYSTAL” YOU ARE THE PROBLEM WITH HUMANITY AND I SINCERELY HOPE YOU NEVER BREED
PAGOS SUCKS. ALL OF IT. BETWEEN PEOPLE NOT WAITING FOR OTHERS TO GET TO THE NM FATES, THE DUMB FALLS YOU HAVE TO DO TO GET TO CERTAIN PARTS OF THE MAP **INCLUDING WHERE YOU NEED TO GO TO GET CRYSTALS FOR THE RELIC** SLEEPING DRAGONS THAT DO NOTHING BUT MAKE YOU SLOW DOWN. **ALSO INFRONT OF THE CRYSTAL SPOT** PEOPLE NOT WILLING/BEING STINGY TO SHARE THE TRACKER. STUPID LONG CD ON THE FATES. EVERYTHING ABOUT PAGOS SUCKS.
A FEW OF US WERE GOING TO RUN OUR FRIEND THROUGH THE BURN.  PARTY UP, INSTAQUEUE WITH FOUR PLAYERS, THEN COMES THE OH SHITE MOMENT.  ~~UNRESTRICTED PARTY HAD BEEN LEFT ON… ~~SO WE HAD A WAR (THE NEWBIE) AND THREE DPS.  NOT EVEN DPS WITH EMERGENCY RAISE.  NOPE, WE HAD A RPR, DRG, AND SAM.    BALLS.  WE MADE IT THROUGH THE WHOLE DAMN DUNGEON UNSCATHED, BUT YOU KNOW WHAT COMES NEXT.  >!THAT TWELVE-DAMNED MIST DRAGON.!<  WE GAVE IT OUR BEST.    AFTER THE SEVENTH WIPE, WE FINALLY CALLED IT.  WENT BACK LAST NIGHT WITH THE WAR, A SCH, AND TWO RDM.  FUCK THAT >!MIST DRAGON!< ANYWAY.  Edit - apparently it wasn’t unrestricted, but instead a loophole we weren’t aware of.  Oops.  The rage still stands!
I HATE THE 41-80 FLOORSET DESIGN IN EO SO MUCH. THE CRYSTALS MAKE SENSE SINCE ITS UNDERNEATH THE CRYSTAL TOWER BUT THEY MAKE THE ALREADY CLAUSTROPHOBIC SET EVEN MORE ANNOYING. THEY DO NOT EVEN COUNT AS LINE OF SIGHT OBSTRUCTIONS FOR MOST MECHANICS. MOBS FUSING WITH THE WALLS HALF THE TIME AND JUMPSCARING YOU IS FAR TOO COMMON. PRETTY SURE CHESTS SPAWN ON TOP OF ROCKS BECAUSE THEY PACKED THE ROOMS SO TIGHTLY.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH TO BE IN LAST PLACE IN THE DAILY FRONTLINES.  IT'S WORSE WHEN YOU HAVE 900/1600 POINTS.  IT'S FUCKING MISERABLE SEEING THE FIRST PLACE TEAM DEATHBALL THE ENTIRE GAME AND SEE **OVER 60% OF THEM HAVE BATTLE HIGH 5.**  THE FUCK WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO IN THAT SITUATION.
UNIVERSITY HAS BEEN NIGHTMARE HELL BUT ILL BE FINE
"GOOD JOB HEALER"    WHAT IN THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN GOOD JOB HEALER?   ME, THE DARK KNIGHT, WAS WHO YOU SHOULD BE GOOD JOBBING. YOU DIDN'T NOTICE ME HITTING REPRISAL WHEN EVERYONE WAS NOT GETTING HEALED BY THAT HEALER BEFORE THE RAIDWIDE? YOU DIDN'T NOTICE ME PUTTING TBN ON THE HEALER WHO WAS ABOUT TO EAT AOE #34 TO SAVE THEM? YOU DIDN'T NOTICE ME RUNNING THE STACK AWAY FROM THE FEW PEOPLE LEFT ALIVE, AND LIVING DEAD THROUGH IT? YOU DIDN'T NOTICE THE HEALER SPAMMING REGULAR DIAGNOSIS TRYING TO "SAVE" ME DURING LIVING DEAD? YOU DIDN'T NOTICE ME CONSTANTLY HAVING TO REPOSITION SO THAT THE DPS STANDING ON TOP OF ME WOULDN'T DIE IN ONE HIT TO THE CLEAVING TANKBUSTERS?   BUT YOU DID NOTICE THE HEALER PRESS 1 GOD DAMNED BUTTON TO BRING EVERY OTHER GLUE EATER IN THE GROUP BACK TO LIFE SO WE COULD GET THROUGH TSUKUYOMI TRIAL ROULETTE.  THIS "GOOD JOB HEALER" REMARK HAS ME TILTED ALL FUCKING WEEK.
AOE  DEBUFFS  WE  NEED  AOE  DEBUFFS  WHY  NOT  SQUARE  ENIX??
WHY DOES StB START SO SLOOOOOWWWWWW, I DO TWO QUESTS AND HAVE NO MOTIVATION LEFT TO CONTINUE. HSW WAS SUCH A TRIP, EMOTIONAL, POWERFUL, UGH AMAZING. AND THEN I GET THIS STEAMING PILE OF DOING PEOPLES CHORES AND I WANNA CRYYYYYYY
WE RUN A 50 MINUTE RUN OF AGLAIA BECAUSE SOME STUPID PEOPLE IN ALLIANCE C DECIDED HE'S GONNA STACK WITH EVERYONE IN ALLIANCE B, WIPE THEM AND WIPE US FOUR TIMES ON THE SCALES MECHANICS.   FOR FUCK'S SAKE CAN PEOPLE AT LEAST KNOW HOW THIS GAME WORKS WHEN THEY ARE DOING LEVEL 90 CONTENT.
My improvements for WHM would be to have Medica II replace Medica, and Medica II be a OGCD. Completely remove Free Cure, and make Cure II just be upgraded Cure.
I HATE PUPPET'S BUNKER! THAT IS ALL.
GUARDIAN IS THE MOST IMPORTANT BUTTON ON YOUR HOTBAR FOR PVP PALADIN.   IF YOU CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE IT THEN DON'T FUCKING QUE IT.
THEY REALLY NEED TO LET YOU QUEUE FOR DEEP DUNGEONS THE SAME WAY AS EVERYTHING ELSE SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO FLY OUT INTO THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE PREVENTING YOU FROM DOING ANY OTHER ACTIVITY IN THE GAME.
HAVING TO CALL PEOPLE OUT SUCKS BUT SOMETIMES PEOPLE ON THIS FORUM WILL POST AI ART THEY MADE AND TEASE AND TAUNT THAT THEY'RE DOING COMMISSIONS WITHOUT DISCLOSING IT'S AI AND THEY'RE TRYING TO STEAL GOD DAMN MONEY FROM GOOD PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY DREW SHIT BY HAND. BUDDY YOU HAVE A 7 PARAGRAPH LONG TOS AND DON'T MENTION YOU USE AI? YOU DON'T TELL YOUR COMMISSIONERS THAT?? BUDDY LISTEN IF YOU WANT TO MAKE A QUICK BUCK SURE BUT I SURE AS HELL WON'T LET YOU SCAM PEOPLE SORRY I GUESS??
I GOT BOOTED OUT FROM AN ALLIANCE RAID WITH NO REASON WHY. OUR TANK WAS DC'D BUT I GOT BOOTED.
I WENT TO THE FFX KABUKI… IT IS MY FIRST TIME WATCHING KABUKI, I DID NOT KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT BUT SURELY I DIDNT EXPECT THIS.  I BARELY KNOW JAPANESE BUT I KNOW SOME AND IT IS FFX, I KNOW SOME OF THE DIALOGUE AND GENERALLY WHAT IS HAPPENING BUT OMG IT WAS SO SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW  THE BREAKS IN BETWEEN WAS A BLESSING AND HONESTLY IT WAS TOO MUCH THAT I COULDNT EVEN FINISH THE WHOLE THING. I FELT SICK BEING INDOOR FOR THAT LONG.   THE STAGE ITSELF IS INTERESTING FOR LIKE FIRST TIME ISH BUT AFTER AWHILE ALL THE MOVING IN CIRCULAR MOTION FELT TOO MUCH. BUT IT WAS INTERESTING TO SEE HOW THEY UTILIZE IT. BUT ALSO THE WAY THE THEATER WAS DESIGNED IS HORRIBLE. I WAS SEATED IN MIDDLE SECTION AND COULD BARELY SEE ANYONE IF THEY ARE PERFORMING ON GROUND STAGE. UNLIKE BROADWAY STAGE WHERE IT IS LIFTED UP QUIET HIGH, THIS ONE IS BARELY LIFTED UP.  I DO LIKE THE COSTUMES AND THE ACTORS ARE EMBRACING THE WHOLE THING. BUT I JUST WISH THEY CONDENSE THE STORY SO ITLL BE GREAT FOR FIRST TIMER KABUKI + JUST NOT TAKING THE WHOLE DAY. THE PERSON NEXT TO ME WAS SO HUNGRY THAT I COULD HEAR HIS STOMACH RUMBLING.  IN THE END I DO APPRECIATE THE OPPORTUNITY BUT FELT DISAPPOINTED.
I AM A ROLEPLAYER. I DO NOT DO CONTENT. I DO NOT RUN ROULETTES. I HAVE NOT RUN ROULETTES IN MONTHS. ON THE RARE OCCASIONS THAT I DO RUN SOMETHING, I PLAY HEALER. YAY! HEALER IN QUEUE!  YESTERDAY, I DECIDED TO RUN ROULETTES ON A WHIM. EXCEPT MY STUPID PORTRAIT THING WON'T WORK, AFTER I SPENT ALL THIS TIME MAKING IT LOOK ALL CUTE! QUEUE UP, GET THE DRIVER'S LICENSE PORTRAIT! ANGRY!  SO, I SPENT HALF AN HOUR TRYING TO FIX IT, ONLY FOR IT TO REPEATEDLY FAIL, THE STUPID THING TELLING ME OVER AND OVER THAT IT CAN ONLY APPLY TO MY CURRENTLY EQUIPPED GEAR SET. WHAT THE HECK! WHAT DO YOU THINK I'M TRYING TO DO? THIS IS A STUPIDLY BROKEN SYSTEM THAT SHOULD BE AS SIMPLE AS AUTOMATICALLY APPLY CURRENTLY EQUIPPED GEAR TO THE CHOSEN PORTRAIT. HOW THEY'VE CODED THIS IS COMPLETELY BAFFLING TO ME.  SO NOW? NO ROULETTES. ANGRY. FIX YOU SHIT, SE. "NOT ENOUGH HEALERS IN QUEUE." YEAH, WELL NOW THERE'S ONE LESS. ANGRY!
I'VE RUN QITANA RAVEL OVER A HALF DOZEN TIMES NOW TRYING TO GET THE GODSDAMN KATANA FOR MY SAMURAI CLAIM AND IT HAS NOT DROPPED IN A SINGLE FUCKING RUN! WOULD IT REALLY CHEAPEN THE GAME SO MUCH IF WE COULD JUST BUY DUNGEON WEAPONS FOR POETICS FROM AN NPC POST EXPANSION MSQ?!
FIRST  Okay, second if you count FranckKnight's standard post.
DEAR TANK--CONSIDER MAKING SURE YOUR HEALER KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE DOING BEFORE YOU PULL EVERY DAMN TRASH MOD FROM THE ENTRANCE TO THE FIRST BOSS IN ONE GO! I might be wool-gathering or in the habit of fumbling my healing keys when hurrying, I might be too slow to keep you in line-of-sight when you run that fast, my heals might not be strong enough when 12 mobs are pounding on you--YOU DON'T KNOW ME YET AND YOU DON'T KNOW IF i CAN DO THE JOB!
HELLO FELLOW DPS WITH THE SAME GEAR SET AS ME. YOU SEE THAT BUTTON, I KNOW YOU DO BECAUSE YOU KEEP HITTING IT, BUT LET ME REMIND YOU THAT "NEED" IS NOT SHORT FOR:  - I NEED TO DESYNTH THIS - I NEED TO TURN THIS IN FOR SEALS - I NEED TO HIT THE BUTTON FURTHEST TO THE SIDE BECAUSE IT'S LIT UP  YOU ARE A LEVEL 90 SYNCED INTO A LEVEL 50 DUNGEON. YOU DO NOT NEED THE GEAR. I CAN BARELY MEET THE DAMN ILVL REQS BECAUSE YOU KEEP TAKING EVERY UPGRADE TO GO PUT ON YOUR MANNEQUIN OR SOMETHING. I WILL PUT THIS CRAP ON, RIGHT HERE IN FRONT OF YOU, NO MATTER HOW MUCH IT MESSES UP MY GLAMOUR. I WILL DYE IT A NON-COMPLEMENTARY COLOR FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT IF YOU WANT, I JUST NEED YOU TO STOP NEEDING MY GEAR.
I NEED MONEY BUT I AM **NOT** COMING IN TO WORK TOMORROW. I WORK IN A WAREHOUSE FOR RAINFOREST COMPANY. WE HAVE A SET OF WEEK 2 HIRES, AND I GET THAT QUALITY WORK COMES WITH TIME, BUT THE COMBINATION OF THE ALREADY BAD CURRENT EMPLOYEES AND THE LEARNNG NEWBIES HAS MADE MY PARTICULAR ROLE THE WORST IT'S BEEN IN A FULL YEAR. IT IS **SO HARD** TO GET FIRED HERE AND IT GIVES PEOPLE A FREE TICKET TO DO THE WORST WORK POSSIBLE WITH NO CARES IN THE WORLD WHILE I TRY TO DOUSE THE ETERNAL FLAME IGNITING THE ROLLERS OF MY CONVEYOR BELT.  I AM TIRED OF STARING AT TOTES FOR 12 HOURS EVERY NIGHT, BUT I DON'T NORMALLY GET MAD HERE. THIS IS DIFFERENT. THE SMILE FADED THIS WEEK (IRONIC CONSIDERING RAINFOREST COMPANY'S LOGO :))  EDIT: FFXIV NON-RAGE, I LOVE THIS GAME AND WANT TO GO PLAY IT GRRRRR
"ITS G1 NW G2 SE RIGHT"  "YES"  BOTH HEALERS PROCEED TO GO W YET AGAIN  ???????
LOAD INTO TROIA ON DRK WITH A BRD FRIEND FOR AN EXPERT. THE OTHER TWO ARE GRASSHOPPERS FROM OFF-DC. GET A SAGE IS FIRST TIMING THE DUNGEON, AND A REAPER WHO TALKS ABOUT ULTIMATES IN HIS SEARCH INFO BUT DOESN'T HAVE A WEAPON, TITLE, OR ADVENTURE PLATE STUFF.     START THE DUNGEON. FIRST WALL TO WALL PULL. SAGE GETS LOST, SEEMS TO PANIC, AND PROCEEDS TO SPEND THE PULL BINKYING AROUND RATHER THAN HEALING OR DPSING. I CHECK MY MAGIC ABBACUS CAUSE I USUALLY HAVE IT UP IN THE BACKGROUND TO SEE HOW I'M DOING, AND THE SAGE DID A WHOLE 6% THAT PULL. REAPER IS ALSO HOVERING AROUND 15%.  NEEDLESS TO SAY, IT DID NOT GET BETTER FROM THERE ON. SAGE CONTINUED TO BARELY DO 3% DPS PER PULL - 0 ON SOME INSTANCES - AND DIED TO PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING HE COULD INSTANTLY. I WATCHED HIM STAND IN THE MIDDLE OF ALL OF THE OVERLAP AT THE SECOND SET OF EYE LASERS AT FIRST BOSS AND WATCHED HIS HP SIMPLY GO FROM FULL TO ZERO.     SECOND BOSS ROLLS AROUND WHICH MYSELF AND THE BARD ESSENTIALLY HAD TO DUO BECAUSE THE REAPER DIED TO A DOOM. WE DECIDE ENOUGH IS ENOUGH AND KICK THE SAGE.     CUE THE REAPER ABSOLUTELY FOAMING AT THE MOUTH (WHO PREVIOUSLY STILL HADN'T SAID A WORD) FOR US KICKING HIM BECAUSE "HE'S NEW". PRETTY SURE THEY WERE TOGETHER AND HE WAS JUST PISSED WE SNUCK THE VOTEKICK IN BEFORE HE COULD CLICK NO.   MY BROTHER IN HYDAELYN, I DON'T CARE IF HE'S NEW TO THE DUNGEON. BUT THIS IS 90 CONTENT. TROIA ISN'T THROWING ANYTHING NEW AT YOU, AND I'M EXPECTING YOU TO KNOW YOUR CLASS AT THIS POINT. THIS MAN WASN'T A SPROUT OR EVEN A RETURNING PLAYER. HE SHOULD BE ABLE TO HANDLE SOME LASERS AND BASIC RAIDWIDE.     ON THE PLUS SIDE, THE REAPER JOINED HIM SHORTLY AFTER, AND WE FILLED WITH A BADASS MCH WHO WE TRIO'D THE REST OF THE DUNGEON WITH AND A HROTH SAGE WHO LOADED IN AT THIRD BOSS AND WATCHED MYSELF AND THE BRD FINISH 30% BY OURSELVES BECAUSE OUR MCH DIED LIKE A HERO RUNNING OFF WITH THE STACK RATHER THAN KILLING THE REST OF US.
MY STATIC BROKE DUE TO RL COMMITMENTS AND BURN OUT. IT ENDED AMICABLY EVEN IF I WAS KINDA BUMMED BECAUSE SOME OF THE MEMBERS HAVE BEEN MY FRIENDS FOR YEARS. BUT THAT'S HOW IT GOES SOMETIMES. I WAS DREADING PFING P8S PHASE2 BUT SUPRISINGLY, EACH GROUP I'VE BEEN IN SINCE TUESDAY HAS BEEN GREAT MAKING STEADY PROG. POSITIVE ATTITUDES, MINIMAL SNAKE MEMES. THIS IS PROBABLY JUST COINCIDENCE AND EVERYTHING IS STILL ACTUALLY AWFUL, BUT MAYBE PRIMAL PF IS NOW BETTER IN QUALITY NOW SINCE EVERYONE THINKS THEY CAN JUST GET CARRIED ON AETHER.
IF THE TANK IS NOT USING COOLDOWNS, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM   IF THE HEALER IS NOT DOING DAMAGE, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM   IF THE DPS ARE DOING NO DAMAGE, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM   IF SOMEONE IS SINGLE TARGETTING GROUPS OR AOEING BOSSES, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM   IF SOMEONE DOES NOT HAVE THE FOGGIEST IDEA OF HOW TO PLAY THEIR CLASS ABOVE LEVEL 50, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM   IF SOMEONE TRIES TO TELL YOU THAT ANY OF THE ABOVE ARE IN ANY WAY ACCEPTABLE, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM      THESE ARE ALL PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN IN MY DUNGEONS IN THE PAST WEEK. 7 DAYS. AND THIS IS NOT OUT OF THE ORDINARY EITHER      I JUST TOOK THE PENALTY BECAUSE A SAMURAI DID NOT KNOW WHAT IAIJUTSU WAS AT LEVEL 80 AND THE GROUP REFUSED TO KICK THEM.   THIS PLAYER'S EXCUSE WAS: "I'M A SPROUT"   IF THIS PLAYER HAD BEEN CALLED OUT AND KICKED FOR THIS BEFORE, THIS MIGHT NOT HAVE HAPPENED.   IF SOMEONE QUEUES WITH RANDOS AND SOMEHOW DOES NOT KNOW THE MOST BASIC OF BASICS OF THEIR JOB WHILE STILL EXPECTING TO BE CARRIED, CALL THEM OUT AND KICK THEM.   IT IS NOT GATEKEEPING IF SOMEONE'S SELFISHNESS IS IMPACTING THE ENJOYMENT OF OTHERS.   STOP HUGBOXING AND REFUSING TO KICK PEOPLE DESPITE THERE BEING EVERY REASON TO.   STOP BEING SHITTERS AND RUINING THIS CO-OP GAME FOR EVERYONE ELSE BECAUSE YOU CAN'T BE ASSED TO LEARN WHICH 3 BUTTONS TO PUSH IN ORDER.      FUCK.
ITEM SYNCS IN THIS GAME ARE TOO HIGH.  ANY GIVEN DUTY SHOULD SYNC PLAYERS TO THE MAX ITEM LEVEL **IN THE PATCH IT CAME OUT**, NOT THE END OF THE EXPANSION.  I DON'T GIVE A FUCK THAT IT'S "OLD CONTENT", IT'D STILL BE A TON OF FUN TO GO BACK AND SEE IF NOT FOR THE BRAINDEAD DIFFICULTY SETTING YOU GET IN DUTY FINDER.  AND IT'D DO A HELL OF A LOT MORE TO TEACH SPROUTS HOW MECHANICS ARE SUPPOSED TO WORK WHEN THEY DON'T HAVE GOD MODE.  I USED TO ENJOY RUNNING SYRCUS TOWER, BACK WHEN IT HAD MECHANICS AND I ACTUALLY HAD TO DO SHIT TO NOT DIE.  NOWADAYS THERE'S LIKE ONE ATTACK THAT CAN HURT YOU AND AMON DOESN'T EVEN GET TO CAST IT SOMETIMES.
ROULETTE E7N, SEVERAL PEOPLE ARE NEW, EXPECT TO FAIL THE STACK MECHANIC EVEN IF YOU CALL IT OUT. SEE ALSO: SEAT OF SACRIFICE.
> WISH TO GOD THE TRIPLE STACK MARKERS AT THE END OF CRYSTAL TOWER WOULD ACTUALLY STILL KILL PLAYERS IF PEOPLE TRIED TO OVERLAP THEM LIKE THEY USED TO.  IIRC, those markers work exactly the same way as they always did and the only thing they've ever changed is turning from generic black circles to the standard marker.  If a stack marker does X damage split between everyone in it, then X/8 = 3X/24. It's the magic vuln debuff that most stacks give that kills you for getting hit by multiple, and that debuff never existed on the ST stacks.  What killed people in the past was the markers *not* being completely stacked and someone standing in the middle of the "venn diagram" and taking "3X/9" or whatever damage. That's all on them.
THATS REALLY FUCKED UP.
PLEEEEASE TELL ME YOU REPORTED THEM
HECKIN SCREW THE PEOPLE THAT YELL AT YOU NONSTOP IN PVP, IF I WANTED TO BE LECTURED NON STOP I’D GO VISIT MY PARENTS
POSITIVE-BUT-ACTUALLY-TOXIC MESSAGES GET ME ON MY NERVES SO, SO MUCH. ALMOST AS MUCH AS A NORMAL "WTF ARE YOU DOING YOU FKIN NOOB".
ONE THING ABOUT GETTING THE 50 RAIDS SO OFTEN IN ALLIANCE RAID ROULETTE IS THAT I HAVE TWO ROLES: HEALER AND SNITCH. LITERALLY NOBODY LIKES ME BUT I'M NOT LETTING THAT SUMMONER GET AWAY WITH STANDING THERE WITH THEIR BOOK OUT AND NOT EVEN TARGETING THE BOSS. ALLIANCE RAIDS ARE SO BAD WITH FREELOADERS.
I HONESTLY CANNOT FUCKING UNDERSTAND THE FUCKS THAT PUSH THE ACCEPT BUTTON AND THEN IMMEDIATLY AFK.  FUCK YOU ASSHOLES SO GODDAMN MUCH.  AND THEN THEY BLAME IT ON A PHONE CALL.  FUCK OFF, YOUR PHONE DID NOT RING THE SECOND AFTER YOU PUSHED THAT BUTTON.
WOULD YOU NOT PREFER A CASTER USES IT ON PACKS THO? IT'S MORE DAMAGE
HAVEN'T DONE NORMAL DUNGEONS MUCH RECENTLY BUT IN EXPERT ROULETTE IF YOUR DPS IS GOOD LB ALWAYS CHARGES DURING BOSS 2, THE MELEE ALMOST ALWAYS IGNORES IT, AND THEN I BLOW IT ON THE NEXT TRASH PACK.  EVERY NOW AND THEN WHEN I LB TRASH THE MELEE COMPLAINS AND IT'S LIKE DUDE YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE OKAY.
I AM FAMILIAR WITH THIS EXACT STRUGGLE! DAMN MY NEED TO MAKE MY BARD LOOK LIKE A MILITARY SCOUT!
FUN FACT: YOU CAN GET ALL THE FILIBUSTER STUFF FROM SOHM AL (HARD) TOO  THIS IS THE ONLY REASON I KEPT MY SANITY WHILE TRYING TO GET FULL TANK FILIBUSTER FOR MY GUNBREAKER
LIKE YOU DON'T EVEN NEED TO REMEMBER THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BLUE AND GREEN YOU CAN RESOLVE BOTH THE EXACT SAME WAY. YOU ONLY NEED TO REMEMBER IN OR OUT AND THEY CANT EVEN DO THAT
I DON'T UNDERSTAND SOME PLAYER'S ABILITY TO LEARN EITHER, AND IT BAFFLES ME.  BACK IN THE IVALICE RAID, OUR DEAR HASHMAL, WE HAD A HEALER THAT WAS A CRUTCH LIKE THAT, WHEN IT CAME TO THE FIRE DIVES, WAS 90% OF THE TIME ON THE WRONG END.  I TRIED ALL I COULD, I GAVE THEM POINTERS, TOLD THEM HOW TO WATCH FOR THE INCOMING MECHANIC, I WARNED THEM OF THE INCOMING ATTACK SO THEY COULD PRE-POSITION. BUT NOTHING WORKED, EVERY TIME THE MECHANIC HAPPENED, IT WAS LIKE PANIC OVERRIDES THE INSTRUCTIONS AND JUST RUN IN BUM FUCK EGYPT. YOU'D THINK THEY SHOULD BE SAFE ENOUGH WITH 50% CHANCE OF BEING OF OR RIGHT, BUT NOPE.  SAME PLAYER WAS BROUGHT INTO A RUN OF O1S, AND SHOWED SIMILAR BEHAVIOR. EVEN PUTTING A SINGLE MARKER ON THE GROUND AND TELLING THEM 'GO STAND HERE ON THIS MECHANIC', THEY WERE CONSTANTLY STANDING ON TOP OF ANOTHER PLAYER AND GETTING THEM KILLED. SOME PEOPLE ARE REACTIVE TO THAT POINT.
CAUSE MOST OF THE PEOPLE WHO ARE CAPABLE OF ANYTHING MORE COMPLEX THAN "TARGET BOSS, MASH FACE AGAINST '1' KEY UNTIL DUTY COMPLETE SCREEN COMES UP" ARE ABLE TO COMPLETE THAT TRIAL THROUGH DUTY SUPPORT, MEANWHILE, THE ONES WHO RUN IT IN DF HAVE A 50/50 CHANCE (OPTIMISTIC ESTIMATE) OF BEING THE TYPE OF PLAYER WHO CONSIDERS "PAYING ATTENTION TO MARKERS" AND "LEARNING THE MECHANICS" TO BE THE PROVINCE OF SWEATY NOLIFERS /hj  srsly tho, yeah, multiplayer game and all, i get it, but whenever i see the "new player" message in something that can be run with duty support, i hope for the best and prepare for the worst, especially if the new person is the healer, and particularly so with that trial
THE DIFFERENCE MAY BE THAT THE FIRST EW TRIAL CAN BE COMPLETED ENTIRELY BY FOLLOWING A DANGER DORITO OR JUST WHATEVER PERSON LOOKS LIKE THEY KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. EW2 ACTUALLY HAS LIKE. INDIVIDUAL AOES. NEWBIES TEND TO GET CONFUSED WHEN MORE THAN ONE THING IS HAPPENING AT A TIME.
I HATE THAT TRIAL I HATE THAT TRIAL I HATE THAT TRIAL I HATE THAT TRIAL.  THAT IDIOT PLAYER IS PROBABLY ME BECAUSE IDK WHAT YOU EVEN MEAN BY RED BLUE GREEN AND THIS MOVE IN OR MOVE OUT THING TRIPS ME UP EVERY TIME BECAUSE IM LOOKING AT THE CASTBAR NAME AND ITS THE FUCKING SAME. SO I PICK ONE, DO IT, THEN GET CLAPPED BECAUSE ITS THE OTHER ONE.  ....HEALER MAIN BTW.
IF YOUR EYESIGHT IS CHANGING SIGNIFICANTLY YEAR TO YEAR, LASIK IS NOT A GOOD IDEA. PET KITTY FROM ME!
POOR BABY :( jUST WANTED TO SLIDE IN SOME INFO THAT DENTAL BECOMES AN ISSUE FOR ALMOST ALL CATS IN THE LATER YEARS. IT'S NEVER TOO LATE TO TRY SOME THINGS THAT WILL KEEP YOUR CAT'S TEETH CLEANER SO THAT THEY MAY NOT NEED (MORE) DENTAL CLEANING IN THE FUTURE:  1. I'VE HAD REALLY GOOD RESULTS WITH [DENTAL TREATS](https://www.greenies.com/collections/cat-dental-treats), I BELIEVE THE GREENIES BRAND IS WIDELY AVAILABLE IN MOST PET STORES, WORKS REALLY WELL WITH TREAT/FOOD MOTIVATED CATS. IT BASICALLY FORCES CATS TO CHEW THE TREAT AND THE SCRAPING CLEANS THEIR TEETH. 2. ALONG THE SAME VEIN, THEY SELL [DENTAL FOOD -](https://www.chewy.com/hills-prescription-diet-td-dental/dp/54746) THEY HAVE THE SAME LOGIC OF FORCING CATS TO CHEW AND IT CLEANS TEETH THAT WAY. I THINK I WOULD DISCUSS WITH THE VET TO SEE IF THIS IS A GOOD CHOICE, DRY FOOD IS ALWAYS A POINT OF CONTENTION.  3. YOU CAN ALSO TRY USING VARIOUS [CAT DENTAL BRUSHES](https://be.chewy.com/brush-cat-teeth-healthy-pet/), BUT IT WILL ACTUALLY INVOLVE YOU MAKING A HABIT OF BRUSHING YOUR CAT'S TEETH. WORKS BEST FOR KITTENS TO ACCEPT A TOOTH BRUSHING. EVEN IF IT'S JUST WATER, IT HELPS.  4. YOU CAN ALSO TRY [CHEW TOYS,](https://www.chewy.com/f/dental-cat-toys_c326_f58v370714) I'M NOT KIDDING. I HAVE A CAT WHO IS A HABITUAL CHEWER SO I ACTUALLY GOT A CHEW TOY FOR HIM SO HE'LL STOP GNAWING ON MY ZIPPERS. WORKS REALLY WELL FOR THOSE CATNIP ADDICTS TOO.  KEEP IN MIND SOME CATS ARE JUST PRONE TO POOR DENTAL HEALTH, AND OLDER CATS WILL ALWAYS HAVE TEETH IN SHODDY SHAPE. I HOPE YOUR KITTY'S FEELING BETTER!
ALWAYS TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY, BUT IF YOU'RE NOT COMFORTABLE WITH IT, THEN YOU SHOULDN'T BE THERE. THERE'S A LINE BETWEEN TOLERATING PRECENSES AND OUTRIGHT GOING INTO THE LINE OF FIRE FOR THEM.
I FEEL THAT. IN TANK LEVELING ROULETTE I KEEP GETTING THE ARR NORMAL PRIMALS. I GET THAT IT'S BECAUSE DUTY SUPPORT EXISTS NOW SO THE ONLY THREE THINGS YOU *HAVE* TO DO WITH OTHER PEOPLE IN 2.0 ARE THOSE FIGHTS, BUT IT FEELS SO UNDERWHELMING AND IT GIVES LESS XP THAN IF I GOT A PROPER DUNGEON LIKE I QUEUED FOR.
I QUEUED LEVELING ROULETTE THE OTHER DAY ON MY 90 GNB   I GOT FUCKING TAM-TARA
I'd like my junior summoner to get SOMETHING besides that FUCKING  IFRIT TRIAL when he does levelling roulette. Oh, and since my junior summoner is also my junior white mage, and my junior AST, we are all getting very, very tired of that ugly fire primal. It's not hard, it's just OH NO, NOT AGAIN!  Half the time, I'm the only one that knows to kill the nail when it appears. HEY DPS, i'M SUPPOSED TO BE HEALING THE TANK, NOT THROWING MY TINY DOT AND NUKE AT THE NAIL!  I should probably macro a "/p DPS, kill the nail or we all die" or something.
YOU COULD ALSO MAKE A FEW MACROS WITH SHORT/QUICK-CHAT PHRASES TO HELP YOURSELF COMMUNICATE  TYPICALLY PEOPLE TOGGLE AUTORUN WHILE QUICKLY TYPING OR ROLLING FOR LOOT, SO IT'S NOT HARD TO FALL BEHIND IF YOU'RE OUTRIGHT STOPPING  _GOOD! MORE WALLS!_ THAT HEALER WAS SPOT ON AND I HOPE YOU CONTINUE TO BEAT THE SHIT OUT OF YOUR ENEMIES
IT IS THAT STRAIGHTFORWARD. THE ONLY REAL PER-FIGHT OPTIMIZATION IS YOUR SUMMON ORDER, BUT OTHERWISE THAT'S THE FLOW.
SUMMONER WAS COMPLETELY REWORKED WITH ENDWALKER INTO BASICALLY AN ENTIRELY NEW JOB; SO I FIGURED THEY DIDN'T WANT TO MAKE IT TOO COMPLEX TO GET USED TO. I AM FAIRLY CERTAIN WITH TIME THEY'LL ADD OR CHANGE A FEW THINGS WITH THE NEXT EXPANSION OR SO TO MAKE IT A BIT MORE COMPLEX. (ALTHOUGH I DOUBT THEY'LL MAKE IT AS COMPLEX AS THE SHB DOT MAGE.)
YOU FORGOT “HAHAHA BAHAMUT GO BRRR”
IT'S DEFINITELY THE SIMPLEST JOB BUT YOU CAN DECODE SUMMON ORDER AS THE OTHER REPLY SAID.  DONT WANT TO PUT SLIPSTREAM DOWN IF THE BOSS IS ABOUT TO MOVE.  DONT WANT TO IFRIT DURING A HIGH MOVEMENT PHASE, ETC.
BE SURE TO WEAVE IN A RADIANT AEGIS EVERY TIME IT'S UP SO THE HEALERS WON'T THINK YOU'RE LAZY.
SUMMONER WENT FROM ONE OF THE MORE COMPLICATED JOBS TO 'DURR ME SUMMON BIG SUMMON GO BOOM'
Probably because you can triple stack markers in CT and get tickled, which gives a little bit of a bad impression for future content. And split stacks don't rear their head again frequently in normal mode until ShB-ish (there are a couple in SB).
I blame Xande in Syrcus Tower for giving people the impression stacked stack markers is okay. It's fairly soft so later on doing that will kill the shit out of you.
I ACTUALLY HAD A WIPE TO THIS ON AGLAIA RECENTLY. A WHOLE ALLIANCE GOT NUKED BY A DOUBLE STACK, AND THEN WE ENDED UP COMPLETELY UNABLE TO BALANCE THE SCALES
2/2 OF THE LAST O9Ns I'VE GOTTEN VIA NORMAL RAID ROULETTE HAVE HAD DPS WANNA HUG FOR THE DUAL STACK MARKERS! ONE OF EM THEY DID IT TWICE!
Yesterday, I had a wipe in aglaia cuz people stacked them and we couldn’t get everyone up. I was like “seriously? those stacks still hurt. Why did you want to try that?”
I'm only at L79 and there has been no content that I can remember that seems to care about overlapping stack markers?  Hell, a solo duty I've just done  (Tank role quest L78) encourages it with how the AI act.  If a stack marker does X damage surely splitting each stack marker between 4 people (X/4) is the same as stacking them all (2X/8=X/4)?  (oh and absolutely agreed with the IRL rage!)
I...had no idea that you aren't supposed to stack stack markers. TIL.
OH JEEZ. GOOD LUCK IF YOU DO DECIDE TO ASK HIM OUT!
LETS GO. YOU GOT THIS BESTY.
I MIGHT BE GOING CRAZY BUT I'M _PRETTY_ SURE THE LAST LIVE LETTER HAD A MENTION OF INCREASING ESTATE FURNITURE CAPS, NEAR THE MICDROP ABOUT OUTDOOR FURNITURE FOR OUR ISLAND SANCTUARIES  HOPEFULLY THAT MEANS OUTDOOR FOR HOUSES TOO!
HEY FUCK LONG COVID    ITS WORSE THEN IMPERIALS   IT GOT ME AS WELL   Edit: AND FUCK REDDIT MOBILE FOR NOT FORMATTING MY HAIKU
YES TO MOAR SLOTS!!!! NO TO LONG-COVID & I’M SORRY U R DEALING W IT FELLOW WOL!! STAY STRONG!!!!
I THINK THE STORMBLOOD HILDY LINE COULDVE BEEN BETTER, BUT OTHERWISE THEYRE AWESOME. AND THE EW LINE IS HILARIOUS. ESPECIALLY THE NEWEST SET WHEN YOU >!PLAY AS GODBERT!<. I DIED LAUGHING. MORE OF THIS PLEASE.
LET'S BE HONEST HERE, THEY ARE STUPID AND OVERLY SILLY  BUT THAT'S ALSO WHY WE DO THEM, SOMETIMES WE JUST WNAT TO ENJOY THE ADVENTURE OF SOMEONE ACTUALLY DUMBER THAN OUR WOL
YOU'LL PROBABLY FIND THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT ARE SAYING THAT THEY'RE OVERLY SILLY ARE THE ONES THAT DIDN'T DO THEM BEFORE AND WERE THEN "FORCED" TO DO IT IN ORDER TO GET THE NEW RELIC WEAPONS.   DON'T GET ME WRONG, I THINK THE MANDERVILLE QUESTS ARE THE BEST COMEDY QUESTLINE TO COME OUT OF ANY MMO - AND THIS IS COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO USED TO PLAY RUNESCAPE (>!"I DON'T WANT MY EYES ANYMORE!!!"!<) - BUT IF YOU'RE BEING FORCED TO SIT THROUGH SOMETHING, IT'LL SIT AT LEAST PARTIALLY NEGATIVELY WITH YOU, BECAUSE YOU'LL ALWAYS BE THINKING ABOUT GETTING IT OUT OF THE WAY BEFORE YOU CAN GET TO THE STUFF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN.
> BLIZZARD 3 IS NOT A LV 80 BLACK MAGE ROTATION  YES IT IS? HOW ELSE ARE YOU GONNA SWITCH FROM FIRE TO ICE? I'LL BE VERY DISAPPOINTED IN YOU IF YOU SAY TRANSPOSE
BLIZZARD 3 AFTER YOU USE YOUR DESPAIR -> BLIZZARD 4 -> FIRE 3 -> FIRE 4??? THAT'S THE STANDARD ROTATION THO WHEN YOU RUN OUT OF MANA?
STUPID AND OVERLY SILLY ISN'T NECESSARILY BAD  ALSO IF SOMEONE DESCRIBES SOMETHING LIKE THAT TO YOU, MEASURE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR AGAINST THEIRS  THE MOST RECENT QUEST TO DO IN THE LINE WAS FUCKING FANTASTIC
THEY *ARE* STUPID AND OVERLY SILLY.  THAT'S WHY WE RUN THEM.  THEY ARE HILARIOUS AND DUMB AND HILARIOUSLY DUMB AND WE LOVE THEM FOR IT.
I GOT ON MY MATERIA ALT TO DO THE HATCHING-TIDE EVENT AND THERE WAS NO ONE ELSE THERE THE TWO TIMES I DID IT. ALSO AT PRIME-TIME
You can get Frontlines on Materia, but in a *very* strict time window. About 6-6:30pm Sydney time.
IVE HAD VERY FEW BAD EXPERIENCES ON CRYSTAL. I WOULDNT RAID THERE BUT FOR ROULETTES ITS ALMOST ALWAYS A SAFE CHOICE.  I FEEL SORRY FOR MY BROS IN UNDERPOP SERVERS. HAVING TO TRAVEL TO GET ANYTHING DONE WOULD SUCK
ITS DUMB BUT I WOULD RECOMMEND JOINING A MATERIA PVP DISCORD. HOPEFULLY WHEN THE IRREGULAR TOMESTONES COME OUT YOUR PVP QUEUE MAY GET BETTER.
> I GUESS I'LL BE LIKE CODY RHODES AND JUST LIE DOWN AND DIE BECAUSE I CAN'T WIN.  MAN DON'T GET ME STARTED ON WWE RAGE THIS WEEK, WE'LL BE HERE FOREVER.
DNC COUPLES WHO ONLY PARTNER THEIR RL PARTNER PISS ME OFF SO MUCH. I GO OUT OF MY WAY TO AVOID PARTNERING MY HUSBAND (not hard, he usually tanks)
TRIFECTA? YOU KEEP USING THAT WORD. I DO NOT THINK IT MEANS WHAT YOU THINK IT MEANS.
> THERE'S NO WAY THIS SHIT CAN BE COMMERCIALLY VIABLE.  IT STILL RETAILS AT FULL PRICE WHEN IT'S NOT HAVING A SALE, SO THE MORE PEOPLE WHO GET INTO IT _DURING_ SALES AND TALK ABOUT IT, THE MORE PEOPLE OVERALL WHO BUY IT (DURING AND NOT DURING SALE PERIODS)  BUT EVEN THEN YEAH, I DON'T KNOW EITHER! THEIR WORK IS PHENOMENAL, IT'S RIDICULOUS
Last time I got a singlepulling tank (in Mt gulg!!!), I just left. They singlepulled all the way to first boss, and kept doing it after it too before I dipped. She wasnt using any  mits either and kept losing aggro to one of the dpses. Fuck, that. I was gonna votekick them but there was unrolled loot, so just bailed.
AND IT DOESN'T MATTER IF WE ARE 1595/1600 POINTS.  THAT'S WHY WE LOST.  YOU GOT COMPLACENT.  YOU JUST FED THE OTHER TEAMS.  AND YOU DIDN'T BOTHER RUNNING BACK TO DEFEND THE S-NODE RIGHT OUTSIDE OUR BASE BECAUSE 'OH ONE MORE KILL AND WE WIN.'  AND THAT'S WHY WE LOST, IN THIRD PLACE, WITH 400 POINTS LESS THAN THE 2ND PLACE.  ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS DROP EVERYTHING AND RUN BACK TO THE NODE.  THAT'S IT.
I'M IN THE SAME BOAT BUT I CHOSE SEKIRO. I LIMIT MYSELF TO AN HOUR A SESSION SO I DON'T TAKE PERMANENT PSYCHIC DAMAGE FROM HOW DIFFICULT IT IS AFTER THE TUTORIAL.
TOOK ME 47 RUNS BRO NOT EVEN KIDDING
I ONCE GOT 5 COMMS IN AN ALLIANCE RAID MERELY FOR MAINTAINING TOP THREAT IN MY ALLIANCE SO THE BOSS SWAPPED TO ME AUTOMATICALLY WHEN THE MT DIED.   I USUALLY PLAY CASTER AND WILL AUTOMATICALLY COMM ANY OT WHO IS AWAKE ENOUGH TO PICK UP THE BOSS AFTER AN ACCIDENT, BEFORE IT EATS MY FACE.
YOU'RE A NICER PERSON THAN ME; WHEN A BOSS FALLS TO ME WHILE I'M ON RANGED (AND CAN I JUST SAY, IT'S ALWAYS A *GREAT* INDICATOR HOW THINGS ARE GOING WHEN IT HAPPENS WHILE I'M ON *DANCER*), I AM DAMNED WELL TAKING SAID BOSS FOR A LITTLE JOG AROUND THE ARENA WHILE SPAMMING CHAT WITH SOUND EFFECTS UNTIL ONE OF THE OTHER TANKS TAKES NOTICE AND STARTS DOING THEIR DAMNED JOB.
AFTER LEVELING TANKS THROUGH MANY ALLIANCE RAID ROULETTES I HAVE TO SAY THAT OTHER TANKS ARE MY LEAST FAVORITE PLAYERS IN THIS ENTIRE GAME'S COMMUNITY. I'M NOT SURE IF THEY'RE EVEN AWARE OF WHAT THEIR ROLE IS SOMETIMES BECAUSE IT TAKES SO LITTLE EFFORT TO DO YET NOBODY DOES IT IN ANY CONTENT WITH MORE THAN 1 TANK.
AWESOME. I JUST PUT MY TWO WEEKS IN FOR A JOB I WAS BEGINNING TO HATE SO I'M WITH YLU THERE.  LAST NIGHT WAS SO MUCH BUSIER THAN I EXPECTED. WE WERE SCHEDULED TO 11:30 BUT OF  COURSE WE WERE SO BEHIND ON CLEANING TBAT I DIDNT GET OUT UNTIL ALMOST 1. AND NATURALLY NO BUSES WERE RUNNING AT 1 IN THE MORNING SO I HAD TO WALK HOME WOOPEE. SO K WAS SO PISSED OFF AND ANNOYED WHEN I GOT HOME THAT I COULDN'T EVEN FALL ASLEEP RIGHT AWAY ANYWAYS. AND OF COURSE BECAUSE OF THAT I ALSO WORK AGAIN IN TWO HOURS, BUT AT LEAST I DONT HAVE TO CLOSE TODAY. WILL I SEE MY FAMILY TODAY? PROBABLY NOT. I JUST WANT SOME ALONE TIME. AND TO BE HONEST THE PAY AT MY JOB IS MINIMUM WAGE SO IT'S GOOD I'M JUMPING SHIP.  INGAME RAGE:FUCK PING AND THE MUDRA SYSTEM. FUCK YOU MR WIZARD BUNNY!
WHAT’S WILD IS BARD’S CORE MECHANIC ISN’T EVEN THAT BUSY.  YOUR SONGS AND DOTS HAVE THE SAME TIMING SO AT THE VERY LEAST THAT’S CONSTANT.
I had a bot in Qitana Ravel the other week. RPR who barely moved, didn't keep up with the party, ran into walls, used abilities completely randomly, it even timed out a raise at one point. It got kicked before we fought the 2nd boss. It also didn't roll on loot so yeah that was a time.
How do you know they hard casted every spell? you can't see what they dual cast
CAN WE TRADE?  CAUSE I'VE GOTTEN NOTHING BUT ARR TRIALS IN ROULETTE THIS WEEK
MEMES
ITS TOTAL CHAOS AND SOME OF US LIKE IT THAT WAY! RECOMMEND TRYING TO QUEUE AT THE SAME TIME AS FRIENDS SO YOU CAN AT LEAST SMACK THE CRAP OUT OF EACH OTHER
ALL OF MY CONDOLEANCES. NOT FEELING LIKE CRYING BECAUSE IT WON'T HELP AND WILL JUST MAKE YOU FEEL WORSE IS A MOOD AND HONESTLY THE WORST FEELING EVER. GIVE YOURSELF TIME TO GRIEVE, BE KIND TO YOURSELF, YOU DESERVE IT.  ALSO I HOPE HORSE DAD WILL COME TO YOU.
IVE HAD SMOOTH RECLEARS OF UNREAL EVERY WEEK BUT THIS ONE. FOR SOME REASON DPS HAVE TAKEN EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO NOT DEAL DAMAGE.  WHERE DID ALL THE GOOD DPS GO?
I SAID TO MY STATIC ONCE I WOULD RATHER DO P8S THAN UNREAL.  P8S BROKE OUR STATIC AND I STILL FEEL THE SAME WAY. THAT IS HOW MUCH I HATE UNREAL.
SOUNDS LIKE DEEP ROCK GALACTIC IS THE GAME FOR YOU. ROCK AND STONE!
THIS IS WHY I REFUSE TO DO MAPS OUTSIDE OF MY FC, IT'S ONE OF THE LOWEST EFFORT WAYS TO FARM GIL ESPECIALLY IF YOU GET LUCKY
ON THE ONE HAND, IF THEY'RE ENJOYING THEMSELVES AND NOT AT THE EXPENSE OF ANYBODY ELSE, THEN, WHATEVER.  ON THE OTHER HAND: ***W H Y ! ?***  ARE THE NOSTALGIA GOGGLES CUTTING OFF THE FLOW OF OXYGEN TO THEIR BRAIN OR SOMETHING?  ~~I THOUGHT THAT ONLY HAPPENED TO FFXI FANS~~
WHY ARE THEY PAYING TO PLAY THIS GAME, GENUINELY CURIOUS
IT WASN'T HAHA FUNNY DAY 1
COMPLETELY WIPING THE OTHER TEAM ISN'T EVEN ALWAYS A GOOD IDEA ANYWAY, ISN'T IT? BECAUSE THEN THEY CAN MAKE ONE HUGE BIG GROUP ATTACK WAVE ONCE THEY ARE ALIVE AGAIN.
FARMING P8S THIS WEEK WAS SO BAD. ONLY GOT TO DOM ONCE IN 6 HOURS OF PF'ING. I GIVE UP I DON'T NEED GEAR THAT BAD
I DID THE SAME THING WHEN PLAYING NINJA, GOT A NICE-LOOKING DRAGOON PIECE AND ENDED UP FARMING THE ENTIRE SET FOR THAT JOB AS WELL. NOW I'M READY TO DO DAMAGE IF THE GAME EVER LETS ME PLAY DRAGOON IN ANY CONTENT BUT 24-MAN RAIDS BECAUSE IF I EVER PLAY NOT-HEALER IN THIS GAME I'M GIVEN THE ABSOLUTE, CONSISTENTLY WORST HEALERS IN EVERY DUNGEON.
HOPE YOU LIKE IT, AT LEAST, SO YOU CAN USE IT FOR GLAM IN THE FUTURE!!!
HONESTLY, I’M RIGHT THERE WITH YOU. I FIRST PLAYED THE FINAL FANTASY SERIES WHEN IT CAME OUT ON GBA, AND I REALLY ENJOYED ALL THE BONUS CONTENT, ESPECIALLY THE BONUS STORYLINE FOR II AND THE EXTRA JOBS IN V. I GET THEM WANTING TO HAVE A NEW VERSION OF THE ORIGINALS AND ALL, BUT LIKE, THE ADDITIONS IN THE GBA PORTS WERE ALL REALLY SOLID.  THEN AGAIN, SQUARE HAS REALLY MADE A LOT OF BIZARRE DECISIONS WITH THE PIXEL REMASTERS. THANK GOD I DIDN’T WANT A PHYSICAL COPY OR I’D BE REALLY ANNOYED, BECAUSE THEY APPARENTLY ONLY MADE FIVE OF THEM.
AGREED, BUT, SADLY, THIS *IS* SQUARE-ENIX WE ARE TALKING ABOUT HERE.  FOR EVERY GOOD THING THAT THEY DO THEY ARE OBLIGATED TO DO AT LEAST 6 STUPID AND/OR ANTI-CONSUMER THINGS, I'M PRETTY SURE THAT'S IN THEIR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
I'M ONE OF THOSE WEIRDOS WHO LIKE GETTING EXTREME TRIALS IN MENTOR ROULETTE, BUT I CAN ADMIT THEY PROBABLY SHOULDN'T BE THERE.
IT HAS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I'VE USED IT BUT I'M PRETTY SURE YOU CAN BORROW SOMEONE'S LIBRARY WHILE THEY'RE OFFLINE. I'VE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF IT WHILE MY EUROPEAN FRIEND WAS ASLEEP. IT WON'T HELP IF YOU HAVE GAMES THAT REQUIRE ONLINE CONNECTIVITY BUT YOU COULD SWAP TO OFFLINE MODE FOR SINGLE PLAYER GAMES IN YOUR LIBRARY.
DEPENDS ON THE FIGHT, BUT YES VAST MAJORITY OF THE FIGHTS SHOULD BE IN THE CENTER.
Potentially boss moved due to mechanic and they only rotate it for melee uptime
DEPENDS. IF IT'S P4N I ALWAYS PULL BOSS TO A CORNER/ALL THE WAY TO THE WALL BECAUSE THE FIRST MECHANIC IS *ALWAYS* LIGHTNING PROXIMITY DAMAGE FROM CENTER, SO STARTING IN CORNER MEANS PEOPLE DON'T HAVE TO MOVE FOR THE ENTIRE FIRST MINUTE OF THE FIGHT.  IN ANY CASE, DOES IT MATTER? UNLESS THE BOSS DOES HALF ROOM CLEAVES THAT WILL GET FUCKED BY BEING OVERLY SKEWED TO ONE SIDE OF THE ARENA, "STILL" IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN "CENTERED"
CERTAINS ENDROIT L'AURONT PEUT-ÊTRE PAS AVANT DEMAIN. EN ESPÉRANT LE MIEUX!  J'AI 3 PATRONS ICI SANS ÉLECTRICITÉ DEPUIS 2 JOURS, ET ILS SONT EN PLEINE VILLE, JE SAIS PAS SUR QUOI ILS SE BASENT POUR L'ORDER DES RÉPARATIONS , MAIS BONNE CHANCE!
So are you looking for a visual novel or a video game? Without resistance, there would be no meat at all to tear through.  As it is, if you're having trouble with these, you might have a fundamental misunderstanding of the game. Most often when I hear of someone having trouble with these MSQ duties:  1. Their gear is several levels out of date, perhaps even an entire expansion. At minimum you should be using Tome Gear from the end of the last expansion (for example, if you are in Heavensward, you want a full set of Augmented Ironworks until you are level 60, for which you want Augmented Shire.) 2. Rotations aren't being maintained. Its a meme at this point, but read your tooltips, look up class guides. 3. If you're a healer and you have good gear, you may be focusing Healing more than DPS. FFXIV healing works like this:    1. Will you die to the next hit? If so, heal.    2. If not, press your DPS button.  That's all.  If you have "alright enough" gear and can maintain a decent DPS rotation, as well as follow what is being said on the screen, it shouldn't take too long to push through each one.
OOOH, SNAILS. AND SHRIMP. AND FISHIES.   I REALLY WANT TO START A PLANTED TANK BUT I MOVE CLEAR ACROSS THE COUNTRY IN 4 MONTHS AND THOSE THINGS ARENT EXACTLY PORTABLE...
I FEEL YOUR PAIN BROTHER OR SISTER. I DON'T KNOW IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST EXPERIENCE WITH DEEP DUNGEON SOLO BUT I WOULD TRY HEAVEN ON HIGH OR EUREKA ORTHOS FIRST JUST SO YOU CAN GET TO THE HARDER FLOORS FASTER AND GET USED TO IT.   IF YOU'RE COMMITTED TO PALACE THOUGH, I WISH YOU BEST OF LUCK BECAUSE OF HOW SOUL SUCKING THE TIME COMMITMENT CAN BE.
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY: AT LEAST YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE DISAPPOINTED ABOUT RAISING THE DEAD PEOPLE OVER AND OVER AND STILL GETTING 0 COMMENDATIONS.
YOU JUST SAID IT'S OKAY TO JOIN WITHOUT EVERY SPELL THEN YOU COMPLAINED ABOUT JOINING WITHOUT A SPELL!!! (/S BECAUSE SERIOUSLY...GET MIMICRY)
THAT'S FINE. TAKE A BREAK, DON'T FORCE IT.
MY COMPUTER NEVER COULD RUN THE VR MOD DESPITE RUNNING A 3080 IF THAT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER.  AND GOOD ON YOUR FOR HELPING YOUR MOTHER WITH HER COMPUTER. THERES A REASON IPHONES AND MACS ARE POPULAR THEY JUST WORK. UNLIKE WINDOWS MOST THE TIME!
IT WASNT A SETTING ISSUE. IF YOU HAD UNRESTRICTED PARTY ON, YOU WOULDNT HAVE BEEN LEVEL SYNCED AND COULDVE BLASTED THROUGH. (I ASSUME AT LEAST 1 OF THE 3 NON NEW PEOPLE WAS HIGHER LEVEL) IF YOU QUEUE WITH A FULL PARTY, IT IGNORES ROLE RESTRICTIONS, EVEN SYNCED. EVEN WORKS ON DAILY ROULETTES. I KNOW PEOPLE WHO USED TO DO 4 TANK LEVELING ROULETTES FOR THE MEMES. LOL  TLDR; CHECK YOUR ROLES IF YOURE QUEUEING UP AS A FULL PARTY.
UNRESTRICTED PARTY IS WHAT PEOPLE COLLOQUALLY REFER TO AS "UNSYNC". IF THAT HAD BEEN LEFT ON, YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN DROPPED IN AT YOUR CURRENT LEVELS AND NOT BEEN LEVEL-SYNCED DOWN, AND WOULD HAVE BLASTED THROUGH THE DUNGEON ONE-SHOTTING EVERYTHING.  QUEUEING IN WITH A FULL PREMADE PARTY REMOVES ROLE RESTRICTIONS, WHICH IS WHY YOU WERE ALLOWED TO QUEUE IN WITHOUT A HEALER. HOWEVER, QUEUEING IN WITH A FULL PRE-MADE ALSO MEANS THAT YOU WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN PENALIZED FOR SIMPLY LEAVING AND QUEUEING IN AGAIN ONCE ONE OF YOU HAD SWITCHED JOBS. THE ONLY TIME A PRE-MADE GETS PENALIZED FOR LEAVING A DUTY IS IF THEY WENT INTO A ROULETTE, IN WHICH CASE ALL THEY HAVE TO DO IS WAIT FOR A FEW MINUTES AND THEN DO A COLLECTIVE VOTE ABANDON.
Bard's Shadowbite I believe in ShB used to apply it to everyone. Our windbite and venombite. And SMN used to have a "Iron Jaws" that reset the debuff timer with their own AoE. These were taken out of the game though for whatever reason.   BRD used to be so fucking OP.
YOU'RE LIKELY COMPARING THE END OF HW WITH THE START OF SB EVEN IF YOU DON'T MEAN TO.  HW ALSO STARTED WITH DOING A BUNCH OF CHORES.
HANG IN THERE. THERE ARE SOME SLOW BITS IN StB FOR SURE, BUT LET ME GIVE YOU SOME PROMISES. YOU WILL HANG OUT WITH SOME OF THE GAME'S BEST CHARACTERS, ALLIES AND VILLAINS ALIKE. YOU WILL RUN SOME FANTASTIC DUNGEONS AND BOSS BATTLES. WHEN THE STORY HITS IT REALLY HITS- THERE ARE SOME FANTASTIC MOMENTS. THE FIRST HALF IS THE SLOWEST, ALTHOUGH IT STILL HAS SOME REALLY GOOD MOMENTS, SO THE FARTHER YOU GET THE BETTER IT GETS.
All the expansions start slow. Or have at least one slow branch path.   In Heavensward you had to babysit the Elezen manchild on Yoshi’s Island and do his chores for him. But it introduced some reoccurring characters and one of several subconflicts.   One thing I like to do when I’m phasing out a bit from boredom is guess at why the writer chose to show me this and what the story implications might be. Keeps me engaged and makes the eventual plot point and thematic reveals feel more substantial. Especially if there are surprise twists.
At the very least there is no reason for Cure 1 to not turn into Cure 2 while you have the freecure proc
Every healer has an equivalent heal to medica 2, it wouldn't make sense to make one of them ogcd and not the rest. (Aspected Helios, succor, ekurasian prognosis).
Nix on the Medica change. Sometimes need to swiftcast it as an emergency AoE heal. Particularly in pre-lily content when you have newbie Ranged out in Narnia half the time so no Cure 3 and/or multiple people mess up a mechanic and Medica 2 won’t tick them up fast enough to survive the incoming raidwide.   Agree with the rest though. If we’re in a situation where Cure 1 niche use comes into play…we were already dead tbh.
THAT MOMENT WHEN YOU REALIZE HOW MUCH YOU'RE AT THE MERCY OF FFXIV PLAYER READING COMPREHENSION WHEN VOTEKICKS COME INTO PLAY.
CLICK VISOR TWICE, SAVE GEARSET, EDIT PORTRAIT, SAVE PORTRAIT. THIS SO FAR HAS FIXED MY PORTRAIT ISSUES EVERY TIME.
> I AM A ROLEPLAYER. I DO NOT DO CONTENT. I DO NOT RUN ROULETTES. I HAVE NOT RUN ROULETTES IN MONTHS.   THEN WHY NOT GO ROLEPLAY SOMEWHERE THAT DOESN'T COST A MONTHLY SUB FEE WHAT ON EARTH
DO YOU HAVE GLAMS ON ALL YOUR PLATE SLOTS, INCLUDING ACCESSORIES? EVEN ACCESSORIES YOU CAN’T SEE UNDER GLOVES ETC? FILL ALL THE SLOTS AND SEE IF THAT HELPS
JUST CONNA LINK YOU TO MY COMMENT FROM LAST WEEK'S RAGE THREAD: [https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/127gv0c/comment/jef1otq/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/127gv0c/comment/jef1otq/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)  ALSO, WHAT SNOOTNOOTS SAYS
WHAT DECADE IS IT!?  srsly-not-srsly who even unironically does the whole "first" thing anymore
WAS THERE A RACE I WASNT AWARE OF?
SECOND
Advice considered. And for anything level 50 or higher, ignored.
ARE WE TALKING LEVEL CAP OR...?
THE UNIVERSAL SKILL "SPRINT" CAN BE FOUND UNDER THE GENERAL TAB OF YOUR SPELLBOOK. USE IT WHEN THE TANK DOES AND FEEL THE WIND AS YOU ENACT CARNAGE ON ALL THE ENEMIES BEFORE A DOOR.
Big pulls are the norm. You are the issue.
>YOU ARE A LEVEL 90 SYNCED INTO A LEVEL 50 DUNGEON. YOU DO NOT NEED THE GEAR. I CAN BARELY MEET THE DAMN ILVL REQS BECAUSE YOU KEEP TAKING EVERY UPGRADE TO GO PUT ON YOUR MANNEQUIN OR SOMETHING.  That's just bad resource management.  1. If this is an alt job, you should have enough poetics from running rouls or whatever to get the augmented set from the prior tier. 2. If this is your first run through the MSQ gear, you literally get a set of Max Ilevel gear for the tier, minus 10, shat out at you like 3 or 4 quests into the endgame .1 - .5 patches.
If you need the gear as an upgrade then politely ask at the beginning of the dungeon if the other DPS will pass. Most players are nice and will do so.   Also, the reasons you give for another player hitting Need are all perfectly valid reasons. It's isn't "your" gear they are needing on.
I'VE BEEN ADVOCATING FOR THIS FOR A VERY LONG TIME.  BUT, THEY'D ALSO HAVE TO REWORK SEVERAL OF THE FIGHTS.  BEHEMOTH, FOR EXAMPLE, USED TO REQUIRE TWO TANKS PER PARTY IN ORDER TO PROPERLY DEACTIVE THE TOWERS.  PROBABLY COULD HANDLE IT WITH ONE HEALER PER TOWER, BUT STILL...  NOT THAT IT SHOULD PREVENT THIS FROM HAPPENING.  THE CT RAIDS NEED SOME MASSIVE REWORK ANYWAYS.  EVEN THE MHACH RAIDS CAN STILL CAUSE A WIPE IF PEOPLE AREN'T PAYING ATTENTION.  ONLY THING IN CT THAT CAN DO THAT IS FINAL BOSS IN LOTA AND THAT'S LESS PEOPLE NOT PAYING ATTENTION AND MORE PEOPLE TRYING TO GREED BEFORE SECOND ANCIENT WHEN THERE'S JUST TOO MUCH HP% LEFT.  EVERYTHING ELSE YOU COULD LITERALLY PUSH ONE ATTACK AND GET THROUGH WITH EASE.  AND IT ENCOURAGES PEOPLE TO CHEESE ROULETTE TO GET CT RAIDS WHICH MAKES THE GAME BORING AS ALL FUCK.  YES, I'M SOOO FUCKING HAPPY TO HAVE TO RUN FUCKING SYRCUS TOWER AGAIN FOR THE FIFTH FUCKING TIME THIS WEEK.  NO, I DON'T NEED TO JUST 'SHUT MY BRAIN OFF'.  I'M NOT PLAYING THIS FUCKING GAME TO SHUT MY BRAIN OFF.
IT IS, YEAH. IT WAS BECAUSE THEY WANTED SOMEONE FOR 6.4 SAVAGE AND I'M NOT GOING TO BE AVAILABLE. SO NATURALLY, AS SOON AS SOMEONE CAME ALONG THAT WAS, I WAS NO LONGER NEEDED EVEN THOUGH THEY, YOU KNOW, COULD'VE ASKED ME TO FILL UNTIL THEY HAD A PERMANENT MEMBER INSTEAD OF TRICKING ME INTO SUBBING.
I DID. NO IDEA IF ANYTHING WILL COME OF IT. BUT SERIOUSLY THEY WERE AN ABSOLUTE DICK.
CUE THE "I'M JUST HERE FOR THE XP TEEHEE".
I WOULD PREFER THAT YES BUT I REALIZE THAT WILL ALMOST NEVER HAPPEN SO I TRY NOT TO GET MY HOPES UP TOO HIGH  THIS ENTIRE POST IS A RESULT OF A RED MAGE IN MY LAST DUNGEON USING LB AGAINST BOSS 2 AT THE END OF THE FIGHT WHEN THE LB BAR WAS FULL THE ENTIRE FIGHT. I THINK I DIED A LITTLE INSIDE.
YOU ARE A GOOD DUDE. i ALWAYS COMMEND A CASTER OR RANGED WHO LBS TRASH.
I DID THAT TOO BUT THE QUEUES ENDED UP BEING 20MINS FOR IT FOR A DPS AND I NEEDED TO BE DPS TO GET THE AIMING COAT BECAUSE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
GENERALLY IF THE CAST BAR DOESN'T TELL YOU, YOU NEED TO BE LOOKING FOR OTHER INDICATORS. IN THIS CASE, LOOK AT THE BOSS'S BUFFS. THEY TELL YOU WHICH WEAPON THE BOSS HAS EQUIPPED (YOU CAN ALSO LOOK AT THE MODEL BUT PERSONALLY I THINK THE BUFFS ARE CLEARER), WHICH WILL DETERMINE THE NEXT ATTACK. A SWORD IS THE PLUS ATTACK, CHAKRAMS ARE A DONUT (THIS ONE IS EASY TO REMEMBER BECAUSE THE ICON IS A RING), STAFF IS POINT BLANK AOE. SHIVA AND SOME A-RANK MARKS HAVE SIMILAR MECHANICS.  SOME OTHER COMMON INDICATORS IN FIGHTS INCLUDE SPECIAL DEBUFFS (MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THESE SOMEWHERE VISIBLE AND ALWAYS MOUSE OVER THEM, THEY USUALLY HINT AT WHAT'S HAPPENING) AND DIFFERENT ANIMATIONS.
I WILL!  HONESTLY, IT HAS BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I GOT A NEW PRESCRIPTION, BUT I'M SO INCREDIBLY BAD WITH DATES I DON'T REMEMBER HOW LONG! ALL I KNOW IS THAT MY VISION HAS SEEMED WORSE SINCE I GOT THESE NEW GLASSES IN NOVEMBER, BUT I CAN'T TELL IF IT'S *ACTUALLY* WORSE OR JUST BECAUSE I'VE SPENT MORE TIME STARING AT A SCREEN! MY DISTANCE VISION IS DEFINITELY BAD, BUT AGAIN...SCREEN.
HE LOVES GREENIES! HE'S STILL PRETTY YOUNG, ONLY FIVE, BUT IT'S NEVER TOO LATE TO TAKE CARE OF HIS TEETH! I SHOULD GET HIM SOME CHEW TOYS SO HE STOPS GOING AFTER PLASTIC STRAW WRAPPERS.  THE SCREAMY GREMLIN IS FEELING BETTER! HE'S ROLLING AROUND BY MY FEET NOW LMFAO.
YOU CAN DUTY SUPPORT THE 4 MAN PRIMAL FIGHTS AS WELL.
WOW, CAN WE SWITCH? I'M LEVELING MY LEVEL 78 PALADIN, WHO'S IN FULL 70 TOMESTONE GEAR, SO I ENTERED LEVELING ROULETTE EXPECTING SOME LEVEL 50 DUNGEON. INSTEAD I GOT MALIKAH'S WELL, WHICH IS SYNCED TO LEVEL 78 - THANKFULLY OUR SCHOLAR WAS INCREDIBLE AND HELPED KEEP ME ALIVE.
I feel ya. As noted above, when I roll the dice for levelling roulette on my junior mage jobs (all 30-35), OH LOOK IT'S IFRIT AGAIN!  We couldn't get Halatali or the 3 early MSQ dungeons, NO WE HAVE TO GET THAT UGLY-ASS FIRE LIZARD PRIMAL!
At least it WASN'T Ifrit.
TYPING BETWEEN GCDs IS A SKILL NOT MANY PEOPLE KNOW AND FEWER PEOPLE NEED BUT IT'S GREAT TO HAVE IN SAVAGE
THANK YOU FOR THE ADVICE I'LL LOOK INTO IT!
DID A REAPER SAY THEY WERE REALLY SORRY AFTERWARDS?  BECAUSE THAT SOUNDS REALLY FAMILIAR TO ME.
Had a Ruby where people double stacked. I'm pretty sure the only reason I survived was because the DRK gave me a TBN. So I was doing damage control and getting people back up...  You'd think a large portion of the party dying and having your barely surviving healer request you not to double the stack markers would change some minds. But there we were...
Later game split stack markers often give you a few second vuln specifically so that if you get hit by both you die.
In normal difficulty you're absolutely correct, for instance in Syrcus Tower it's mechanically ideal to just stack everyone together. In extreme or higher difficulty many mechanics have debuffs that will kill you if you get hit by more than one thing at a time. So sharing one stack is fine, overlapping stacks kills everyone.   Another consideration is less than 100% overlap, e.g. one person taking 2 hits of 1/5 instead of one hit of 1/4.   This also all depends on how spicy the stack mechanic is, some of them can be mitigated by tank + 1 dps, some will take your whole party real low even on a correct stack.
There’s a few normal-mode stacks in late-game that will kill you if you take both, such as the stacks in the 7th Eden raid (which give magic vuln), the line stacks in the 5.3 trial (they target the two healers, and give physical vuln). It’s generally uncommon in normals, as others have said, but they do still exist… and can absolutely wipe a party.
The stacks vary by content. Typically in casual content, EX or lower, yeah you can stack them. Maybe don't in alliance raids tho.  EX and higher they give magic vuln stacks. One stack is fine, the second stack is infinite damage and instant death.
It depends on the marker. Some you stack, some you really don't want to.
Have you done the level 70 8 man raids? I think there's a split stack mech there in the normal versions that will kill players if they're stacked. I know for certain it exists in the normal 8 man raids in ShB.  The idea of splitting the stack goes back at least as far as HW extremes where it was used in Sephirot's fight. The devs typically introduce easier versions of extreme mechs/markers into normal fights the expansion after a "new" mech is introduced.
YEAH, I HEARD ABOUT IT. THE WAY IT WAS STATED WAS PRETTY VAGUE, SO I AM NOT SURE IT IS MORE THAN A POST-IT ON A "NICE TO HAVE" WALL SOMEWHERE IN THE OFFICE, BUT KNOWING THE DEVS ARE CONSIDERING IT IS NICE. :) THAT SAID, IT IS PROBABLY EASIER FROM A TECHNICAL POINT OF VIEW TO ALLOW MORE ITEMS INDOOR THAN OUTDOOR BECAUSE ONE IS AN INSTANCE. IF WE GET AN UPDATE LIKE THIS, INDOOR WILL PROBABLY COME FIRST. (Would still be cool!)
NOT JUST THE LIVE LETTER, HE SAID EXPLICITLY AT PAX EAST THAT THEY WERE TRYING TO INCREASE THE ITEM LIMIT TO 400
HAIKU ON MOBILE   TWO SPACES AFTER EACH LINE   ENJOY THIS FORMAT
FUCK REDDIT MOBILE FOR BEING SO OPPOSED TO CREATIVE LITERATURE! REGARDLESS, THANK YOU FOR THE ATTEMPT, IT'S APPRECIATED. :) MAY WE BOTH FEEL BETTER SOON!
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, I'M TRYING! :)
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN KINDA LUKEWARM ON THE HILDY QUESTS AND I REALLY DON'T LIKE >!BATTLES WHERE YOU PLAY AS OTHER CHARACTERS!<, BUT >!THE GODBERT FIGHT!< IS GENUINELY GREAT.
I THINK THEY MEANT BLIZZARD 3 ISN'T THE *WHOLE* ROTATION. AS IN YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO SIT THERE SPAMMING IT.
I ASSUME THEY MEAN THAT THE BLM WAS USING only BLIZZARD 3. NOT USING BLIZZARD 3 AT ALL WOULD JUST BE DUMB.
It’s unfortunate that I finish work at 6pm Sydney time and get home 20 mins later. By the time I’ve gotten home, settled and good to go, the queue is dead. I’ve been trying for months to get a bit in but the only time I’ve gotten any PvP done is when a Rival Wings weekend happens
SAME! I DON’T THINK COUPLES PLAYING TOGETHER IS A BAD THING. IN FACT I LOVE IT AND PLAYING WITH MY HUSBAND IS GREAT COUPLE TIME. BUT WE ALSO BOTH PLAY AS OPTIMAL AS POSSIBLE. TOXIC COUPLES LIKE THAT GIVE US A BAD NAME.
1) DNC PARTNERING TANK, 2) COUPLE, 3) BAD MENTORS. THREE THINGS, TRIFECTA.
YEAH, I GET THAT, BUT THE THING IS - I'M NOT SURE THAT THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE WHO ARE WILLING TO PUT DOWN THAT AMOUNT OF MONEY FOR A 7 YEAR OLD GAME THAT ISN'T A BIG MMO-FOCUSED GAME - ESPECIALLY ONE THAT WAS ONCE SEEN AS A NEAR DUKE-NUKEM-FOREVER-GRADE HYPE TRAIN CRASH - CAN COVER THE COSTS AND SUCH FOR SUCH HIGH-GRADE WORK.   AT THE RISK OF SOUNDING LIKE A SHILL, HG STILL HAS ABSURD LEVELS OF PASSION, AND SOME REAL GODDAMN INTEGRITY TO NOT TRY AND CASH IN WITH DLC.
[AMATEURS](https://i.imgur.com/YDrEt6M.png).  HOW MANY TIMES DID I HAVE TO TEACH THIS LESSON, OLD MAN? 117 TIMES.
ONCE I WAS IN EUPHROSYNE AND WHOEVER WAS TANKING >!NYMEIA!< WENT DOWN, AND IT TOOK "HEY UHH, NIN ISN'T A TANK" "NOR IS DNC" "NOR SMN"--EACH MESSAGE TYPED AFTER THEIR RESPECTIVE SPEAKER HAD DIED AND WAS LYING ON THE GROUND--BEFORE SHE GOT PICKED UP, SO YEAH
RIGHT?! I'M JUST BAFFLED THAT PEOPLE ARE AWED BY THE MOST BASIC TENETS OF TANKING (THREAT MANAGEMENT, NOT MOVING THE BOSS, PICKING UP ADDS, TANK SWAPS, ETC.) LIKE, ALL TANKS SHOULD BE DOING THIS IT'S NOT SPECIAL ;_;  I ALWAYS TRY TO OFF-TANK RAIDS BECAUSE THEN AT LEAST I KNOW ONE PERSON WILL PICK UP THREAT/ADDS -_-
LOL THAT'S A FAIR POINT. IT'S PROBABLY WAY MORE OBVIOUS THAT THE BOSS ISN'T UNDER TANK THREAT WHEN IT'S OUT FOR A CONSTITUTIONAL xD  (ALSO YES, DNC BEING TOP _ANYTHING_ AGGRO-RELATED USUALLY MEANS SOMETHING HAS GONE TERRIBLY WRONG)
I AGREE; IT'S NOT HARD TO BE A GOOD TANK WITH A MINIMUM OF EFFORT BUT BY THAT SAME TOKEN IT'S ALSO EASY TO BE A MEDIOCRE OR REALLY BAD TANK WITH A MINIMUM OF EFFORT >_>.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A BOT.
I assume they mean that the RDM was hardcasting Verthunder/Veraero/other 5s casts on their non-dualcasts, which is 100% visible.  The alternative interpretation is that they mean the RDM was literally clicking off their dualcast after every spell, which would be intentional trolling, and also 100% visible.
YOU CAN SEE THAT DEATHLY SLOW 5 SECOND CAST BAR ON THE PARTY LIST. THAT IS SO HORRIFYING AND BAD THAT THE INSTACAST SPELL THEREAFTER IS IRRELEVANT TO HOW RAGE INDUCING THAT IS. I SAW SOMEONE DO THAT IN SNOWCLOAK BUT THEY HAD LITERALLY JUST PICKED UP THE JOB AND TOOK THE CORRECTION WELL. DID THIS PERSON ACTUALLY JUST ALMOST COMPLETELY LEVEL RDM WITHOUT EVER WONDERING WHAT JOLT WAS FOR?
BATTLE LOGS EXIST FOR ONE, YOU CAN SEE WHEN DUALCAST IS ACTIVE ON THEIR BUFF LIST FOR ANOTHER, AND UNLESS YOU'VE TURNED IT OFF, YOU CAN SEE THE SPELL AND DAMAGE WHEN IT HITS THE TARGET.  SO YES, YOU **CAN** SEE WHEN AND WHAT THEY DUAL CAST.
I SHOULD ALSO MENTION AS I JUST REMEMBERED. THIS SMN REPEATEDLY WALKED INTO THE ICE PUDDLE DURING ADDS OR GOT KNOCKBACKED INTO IT. AND AS ANY HEALER WILL TELL YOU, THAT SHIT *HURTS*
Rock and Stone forever!
I'M IN THIS FFXI PICTURE AND I DON'T LIKE IT
StB IS BRUTALLY SLOW. I WANNA GO BACK TO HsW AND LIVE THERE FOREVER
YEAH, EXACTLY. THE ONLY TIME YOU WANT A TEAM WIPE IS WHEN YOUR OWN TEAM IS DOWN IN NUMBERS SO YOU CAN RECOVER, HAVE RESPAWNED TEAMMATES JOIN YOU AND START THE NEXT FIGHT FRESH.
I AM GOING TO LEVEL DANCER. EVENTUALLY. (I WANT TO DO ALL THE EW ROLE QUESTS.) SO WHENEVER I GET IT TO 90 I'LL ALREADY HAVE GEAR FOR IT. MORE THAN I NEED NO DOUBT RIP MY GLAMOUR STORAGE.
HERE IS THE THING THOUGH. IF US MENTORS DON'T HELP, WHO WOULD QUEUE FOR THOSE AND HELP THEM CLEAR IT? IT'D JUST BE DEAD CONTENT (outside of unsynching it) UNLESS EIGHT PEOPLE WHO UNDERSTOOD THE FIGHT ACTUALLY MET IN DF. AT THAT POINT IT'D BE EASIER TO PROG RELEVANT RAID CONTENT.  THE REAL ISSUE IS THAT EXPLAINING A FIGHT THIS COMPLEX IS TOUGH, READING OR WATCHING A GUIDE WOULD BE MUCH QUICKER, HOWEVER NOT EVERYONE READS OR WATCHES GUIDES WHILE PLAYING OTHER GAMES. MMOs SUCH AS THIS ARE EXCEPTIONS, CAN'T EXPECT PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND HOW TOUGH IT IS TO TEACH PEOPLE FROM SCRAP AND WHY YOU CAN'T JUST PULL AND TRY REPEATEDLY WITHOUT GIVING TIME TO EXPLAIN.  I THINK MENTOR ROULETTE IS THE BEST PLACE TO PUT THEM, EVEN IF IT DOES REQUIRE PATIENCE.
UNFORTUNATELY, OFFLINE MODE DOESN'T KEEP TRACK OF ACHIEVEMENTS OR PLAYTIME. AND MY STUPID BRAIN REQUIRES THAT. I DID END UP RESORTING TO REAL-LIFE TASKS. SAID "TASKS" MOSTLY CONSISTED OF READING MANY MANY BOOKS I'VE BEEN PUTTING OFF.
DEPENDS ON THE ERA.  PRE-SB-ISH SHOULD ALWAYS BE NEAR AN EDGE BECAUSE SE LOVED THEIR ULTRA-WIDE CONE AOE'S.  ShB AND BEYOND, MOST BOSSES LIKE THE CENTER AND SHOULD STAY CENTER.
You make a good point regarding if I want a video game or a visual novel and ultimately I do want a video game. I think the issue I’ve been having is probably my gear being out of date. Since it was an RP synced level duty I was struggling with, I’m not entirely sure if ilevel affects it. I was really just struggling a lot with a mechanic in it. But I did get it eventually after reading about what exactly you needed to do.   I think I’m also just mostly scarred for synced level duties after the level 65 scholar job quest that also took a while.
I'VE BEEN IN POTD PLENTY, BUT IT'S MY FIRST TIME ACTUALLY GETTING INTO THE CHALLENGE FLOORS BECAUSE CERTAIN PEOPLE I KNOW DON'T LIKE IT WHEN I HAVE SOLO SAVE FILES. SAME SAID PEOPLE GIVE UP RATHER EASILY WHEN IT COMES TO DEEP DUNGEONS, DESPITE MY ENCOURAGEMENT TO KEEP GOING.  I'VE MANAGED TO GET TO FLOOR 61 BY MYSELF AS WAR BEFORE THEY ASKED ME HOW THE HELL DO THEY GET ON OUR NEW FC ROOF. I TOLD THEM THAT WE'D NEED A MINI HOH PILLAR, AND THE DROP COMES FROM 70-99 FLOORS OF HOH, AND IT WAS QUITE LOW TO DRAW IT. THEY WERE QUITE EAGER TO DO IT DESPITE ME DRAGGING THEM KICKING AND SCREAMING THOUGH.  THEIR MOTIVATION ENDED WHEN ONE OF THEM WAS ABLE TO DRAW SAID FURNISHING FROM ONE OF 8 GOLD SACK AFTER WE WIPED ON 95. THEY DROPPED THE WILL TO HOH LIKE A HOT ROCK.  EO THE HIGHEST I'VE SEEN WAS FLOOR 51, BUT MY AETHERPOOL IS NOT HIGH ENOUGH TO SOLO IT YET. WHEN EO CAME OUT, THEY WERE QUITE MOTIVATED TO EXPLORE IT UNTIL WE MANAGED TO SLOG THROUGH TO FLOOR 41. THE ALLAGANS WEREN'T FUCKING AROUND BACK THEN AND THEY STILL AREN'T FUCKING AROUND NOW.  IT WASN'T UNTIL WE WERE ACTUALLY ABLE TO GET A 4TH PERSON TO DO MORE CLIMBING, BUT WE'RE HARD-STUCK ON 51 DUE TO EVERYONE DOING EVERYTHING ELSE. MEANWHILE I'M JUST TRYING TO FARM MY AETHERPOOL UP BY SPAMMING 21-30 QUEUES ON RDM SO I'M NOT SO SQUISHY AND CAN ACTUALLY DO SOME DAMAGE IN LATER FLOORS.  I'M BACK IN POTD AND PROBABLY GONNA TAKE MORE TIME TO DO IT AND TAKE BETTER BREAKS BETWEEN FLOORS. TRYING TO BUMRUSH AT LEAST 100 FLOORS, LET ALONE 150, WAS EXHAUSTING ON MY DAY OFF FROM WORK, BUT IT FELT AMAZING TO FINALLY KILL THAT BOSS.  WISH ME LUCK!
I APPRECIATE IT AND WILL GIVE IT A TRY, BUT I AM NONETHELESS FRUSTRATED HAVING TO JUMP THROUGH THESE HOOPS WHEN IT SHOULD BE A VERY SIMPLE SYSTEM.
THE OTHER METHOD OF VISOR ON/OFF AND SAVING IT AGAIN HAS WORKED. BUT YES, EVERYTHING IS GLAMMED OTHERWISE
I RECENTLY SAW A NEW CARAMELLDANSEN AND WHEN YOU SHOUT "BADGER BADGER BADGER" SOMEWHERE THERE WILL BE STILL ONE PERSON REPLYING WITH "MUSHROOM". ON THE OTHER HAND SOME PEOPLE CONSIDER DOGE NOW "THAT ICON OF THE DOGECOIN CURENCY" INSTEAD OF, YOU KNOW, DOGE. SO I REALLY HAVE NO CLUE WHAT INTERNET DECADE WE ARE ON ATM, SEEMS TO CHANGE DAILY.  MAYBE I SHOULD DIG OUT MY OLD ICQ DATA AND CHECK FOR NEW MESSAGES IN CASE THE EARLY 2000s ARE CALLING AGAIN AT SOME POINT...
ZOOMERS ON TIKTOK
THE RACE OF PRETENDED 5 SECONDS INTERNET FAME IS ALWAYS ON!
Leveling roulette.
You know this is the rage thread, right?  I *really* disagree with you, though. If those were valid reasons to use the need button, the need button would not be class-restricted; there wouldn't even be any reason to have a separation of need and greed, as it's just an "I want it" button at that point.
LABYRINTH ACTUALLY HAS A FEW OPPORTUNITIES FOR WIPES, STARTING FROM THE CLASSIC "OOPS, LESS THAN 4 PLAYERS IN THAT SECTION AND EVERYONE GETS TELEPORTED TO A NOW" AT THE ATOMOS TO THE RARER WIPES TO THE BOMB (SEEN IT HAPPEN ONCE) OR BEHEMOTH (HAD ALL 3 METEORS INSIDE THE BOSS ONCE, BUT IRON GIANTS AND CLUELESS PEOPLE STANDING IN THE BAD WOULD WORK TOO).  IF YOU WANT THE TRUE SNOOZEFEST, YOU GO DO SYRCUS TOWER - LITERALLY THE ONLY REMOTELY DANGEROUS ENCOUNTER THERE IS AMON, AND WITH ENOUGH CLUELESS FROGS AND/OR BADLY PLACED ICE, THAT ONE ACTUALLY CAN END UP AS A WIPE STILL, BUT EVERYTHING ELSE DIES BEFORE YOU GET TO SEE ANYTHING REMOTELY THREATENING.  ...AND THEN YOU GET ONE OF THE WoD RUNS WHERE NOBODY KNOWS WHAT THEY'RE DOING AND REALIZE THAT EVEN THE 50 SERIES *CAN* BE TRICKY SOMETIMES.
EASY AS HELL TO GET THEM TO DO IT IF YOU ASK, USE A MACRO WITH A SOUND EFFECT POLITELY ASKING FOR A RANGE/CASTER TO LB THE TRASH AND IT WORKS 90% OF THE TIME.  /p Can I please have a Ranged/Caster LB on this trash pack? <se.3>  IS ALL YOU NEED!
Aha, I was solo unsyncing it at 75ish.  Would _not_ want to have to do that grind synced and fight for loot.  Well done!
TIL HER BUFF BAR SHOWS HER CURRENTLY EQUIPPED WEAPON AND I'VE DONE THAT FIGHT...SO MANY TIMES. GENERALLY THE ONLY THING I USE HER BUFF BAR FOR IS TO FIGURE OUT IF I NEED TO REAPPLY A DOT. I TOO USE THE COLOR METHOD TO RESOLVE THAT ATTACK, BUT IT CLEARLY WOULDN'T WORK FOR THE PREVIOUS POSTER. IT'S INTERESTING THE DIFFERENT THINGS PEOPLE NOTICE WHEN FIGURING OUT HOW TO RESOLVE MECHANICS.
FUNNY THING IS I MANAGE READING THAT KIND OF TELEGRAPH QUITE FINE IN OTHER CONTENT. ITS JUST THIS PARTICULAR FREAKING TRIAL WHERE MY BRAIN DECIDES "NAH IM GOOD" AND PLANKS. EVEN THOUGH THERES LITERALLY A SOLO TRIAL THAT TEACHES YOU THESE EXACT MECHANICS. SURELY THAT SHOULD BE ENOUGH? NOPE, BRAIN GO DUMB SAY NI NI. ;-;  ALSO THANK YOU. IF MY BRAIN DOESNT DUMP *THIS* POST IM SURE IT'LL BE USEFUL.
HUH, TIL. IN THAT CASE I HAVE NO EXPLANATION FOR WHY I KEEP GETTING THEM.
I'D ABSOLOUTLY SWITCH, GETTING TO USE MY LATEST SKILLS/ABILITIES AND ACTUALLY PLAY THE JOB AT THE EDGE OF MY KNOWLEDGE IS A PLUS FOR ME.  I THINK IF YOU'RE GROUPED UP WITH ONLY PEOPLE WHO QUEUED FOR ROULS YOU TEND TO GET A DUTY THAT'S AROUND THE LOWEST LEVEL PERSON'S LEVEL. NOT 100% SURE OF THAT, BUT I DO THINK I STILL SEE AT-MY-LEVEL DUNGEONS MORE OFTEN THAN PURE RANDOM CHANCE.  FWIW FULL SCAVEAN GEAR IS ENTIRELY *FINE* FOR MALIKAH'S WELL. SOME PEOPLE MAKE A BIG DEAL OUT OF NOT BEING MAX ILVL IN DUNGEONS BUT YOU'RE STILL 15 ILVLs ABOVE MIN. THOSE PEOPLE ARE BEING DUMB.
I remember someone saying they were sorry, my b. think they were afk/rezzed and so were at the entrance area, and they got the stack which ended up overlapping  Light DC
Also the dungeon from 5.3, the Gauntlet with the final boss dropping rocks and every party member getting a share marker.
pretty sure syrcus tower is the only one that really applies here. any other normal content and a double stack or even an aoe + stack is gonna kill people
oh right!  That makes sense.  (only Alliance raid I've seen them in is Syrcus Tower and that does not seem to care;  I guess they turn up more in ShB/EW alliance raids?)
And then you go even further and you stack the stacks (E7S) or drop the flares directly in the stack (The Omega Protocol) because frick it, we have mit.
Done those but can't remember that mechanic turning up?  I suspect I've just either missed it or forgotten it, been a while since I ran them.
O:
THAT MAKES SENSE.. BUT HIS COMMENT DOESN'T IMPLY IT.. OR I FEEL IT'S AMBIGUOUS
THIS IS CORRECT. BLIZZ 3 INTO BLIZZ 3. I HAD TO GO BLM IMMEDIATELY SO I COULD SEE A PARADOX, DESPAIR, OR FIRE IV. ONLY BLIZZ 3 HURTS THE SOUL. :C
Moogle trove soon should mean more Rival Wings at least?
HOW DID YOU KNOW THEY WERE A COUPLE THO
WHY DO THEY SELL THE MOUNT FOR 99TOTEMS BUT NOT THE CARD FOR LIKE 50 OR SO.  THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE!
INSERT "bUt nIn wAs A tAnK iN fFxI!!!!" HERE  IT ACTUALLY WASN'T (EVEN AFTER ROLES WERE BECAME A THING) IT JUST HAS ONE SPELL THAT LET IT DODGE EVERY FUCKING THING.
HEY I AM DOING WELL IN DPS! FIRST IN THREAT! LOOKIT M-   SPLAT.  I MISS THE AGGRO DROP ON LUCID.
I WAS 2ND IN DAMAGE ON BARD (THAT I WAS VERY RUSTY WITH) IN ORBONNE (TOP WAS MY FC'S SMN) FOR THE WHOLE ALLIANCE. WE ARE ONLY REASONABLY DECENT PLAYERS THAT MANAGED TO NOT DIE. THINGS SURE WENT TERRIBLY WRONG, AT ONE POINT THERE WAS ONLY ONE HEALER ALIVE (RIGHT BEFORE A HEAL CHECK!)  "GOOD THING I WENT WITH SMN" THEY SAID AFTER PICKING UP BODIES
I AM AND I DO.  RIGHT UP UNTIL I GO TO YUH'TUNGA AND REMEMBER WHY BARELY MADE IT TO THE DESERT.
YOU DON'T. TYPICAL ETIQUETTE IS TO USE PARTY FINDER FOR EXTREME AND HIGHER BECAUSE IT'S NOT CONTENT YOU CAN EXPECT TO CLEAR IN 1-2 PULLS. IT MIGHT TAKE A WHILE TO GET A PARTY FOR OLDER EXTREMES, BUT IT'S DEFINITELY POSSIBLE.
It took me SO MANY TRIES to get that scholar quest done, oh my god (I'm not good at scholar, I admit it, I'm only doing it because I'm leveling SMN but). I finally made it around level 73.
I SAW SOME CAIPIRINHA VIDEOS RECENTLY, THAT WERE MADE WITH GENSHIN IMPACT, SO YES, THERE'S A WEIRD MISHMASH OF THINGS GOING ON, LIKE SOMEOME'S TIME TRAVELLING CROSSED THE STREAMS.
*SNAAAAAAKE*
If it's not an ARR dungeon, I think it's reasonable to assume your healer is competent and able to keep up. But if there is a goof, it's not the end of the world. We are talking about dungeons after all.
It literally is an "I want it" button if you are on the right job for the gear.   As I said, ask politely at the beginning of the dungeon and the other player will probably pass on it. I recently ran something (I honestly can't remember what) on my BRD and someone asked at the beginning if I would pass on a particular piece of gear because they wanted it for glamour. After the first boss I honestly completely forgot which piece of gear they had asked me to pass on so I simply passed on every piece of aiming gear that dropped. If they hadn't asked then I would have hit Need on every piece because I do need GC seals and desynth levels.
E12 normal let's you double stack the tall gigachad statues
Yup. Not super common, but one raid in particular comes to mind- The Puppet’s Bunker (2nd ShB alliance raid). It’s *infamous* for its ability to pvp on the second boss… every alliance gets a line stack, and if you get hit by two, you’re dead. Aim your line stack just right, and… whoops! Alliance A just wiped Alliance C!
Understandable. If they aren't stacked together, it's a forgettable thing because the fight finishes successfully. When half or more of the party dies to it, it makes an impression XD
IT IS AMBIGUOUS ON FIRST READ, BUT I'M JUST GOING BY "IS NOT THE ROTATION" BEING SAID VS "IS NOT *IN* THE ROTATION".
NO, IT DEFINITELY IMPLIED THAT, IT WOULD TAKE A REAPPY WEIRD READING TO GET YOUR INTERPRETATION.
Same last name. Read the original post again.
EXACTLY!  INSERT THE STAR WARS MEME: 'THE TANK WILL TAKE TOP THREAT NOW!' -SMUG FACE- 'THE TANK WILL TAKE TOP THREAT NOW, RIGHT?'
HAHAHA! EVERY TIME I GET ORBONNE AND I'M NOT ON SOMETHING THAT CAN REZ, I GET REAAAAAAALLLY NERVOUS.
I THINK WHAT YOU ARE DESCRIBING IS WHAT IT SHOULD THEORETICALLY BE AN OPTIMAL ETIQUETTE, BUT THIS NEVER WAS THE CASE THROUGHOUT THE YEARS I PLAYED, EVEN AFTER INTRODUCING PF. AT THE VERY LEAST IN MY DATACENTER (CHAOS). I NOTICED PEOPLE USE PF FOR CLEARING OR FARMING FIGHTS, NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND, SO DF WAS ALWAYS A WILD TERRITORY.
THAT + I EXPECT SPROUTS AT LV50 TO AT LEAST WHAT IT MEANS TO STACK.
SNAAAAAAKE
Let me ask you this: why would a game make "need" only available if you can equip it?  Whether you can equip it or not, you can go desynth it or sell it. There's no reason to get "first dibs" if you're going to do the same thing the tank would with the DPS gear.  Put another way, if the gear matches your class, you get a *choice* between need and greed. What's the difference to you at that point?  There's just no reason whatsoever to even have a need/greed system if there's no respected status for "I'll use it," which is and always has been the distinction from "greed."
FAIR ENOUGH. LETS HOPE THE FELLOW IS ON THE SAME PAGE TOO
IT COULD BE A REGIONAL THING. I PLAY ON AETHER DC, AND ON NA DCS IT'S PREFERRED TO DO ANYTHING EX AND HIGHER IN PF FOR ANY REASON. BUT AS I UNDERSTAND IT, ON JP DCS IT'S CUSTOMARY TO PROG IN PF AND DO CLEARS IN DF.
It's already passed may for you? Timezones be wild man, what's the future like
What?  It’s April 7.
Sir, we're in april.
You're having a stroke
It goes until May 8th. It's only April 7th.
Well, March 27th was a week and a half ago, but May ~~7~~8th is still about four weeks away, so…  I wouldn’t call it a late announcement, more like a friendly reminder
Are you from the future or something?  Reading is hard, isn't it?
March.     April.     May.     The device you posted this with has a calendar
they sent out emails for this promo when it started in march, the campaign lasts until may. if you are eligible you can play for free for 96 hours. the timer starts when you login for the first time. the timer didn't automatically start on march 27th.
This was originally announced on March 27th.  They're simply re-posting it.   https://old.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/123jcrs/free_login_campaign_final_fantasy_xiv_the/
Some people are harsh, but you okay man?
I saw this on twitter the day they started it. It was also on the front page of their site etc so you’re just late to seeing it.
I love that you included Midgardsormyr. I always keep him out once I get him.
Ooh nice work, I like your style! Great job on the details on the armor.
Wait...   Wait wait wait wait wait!   Gotta zoom in for a second and...   The scales have depth!  They're not completely flat, painted on details!  You're my new favorite artist in this sub.
[Agreed.](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2875974388)   Also looking forward to [Wind-up-dragonet](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/File:Wind-up-dragonet.jpg) to get as another shoulder-pet :3
Not overly _common,_ very looked down upon. It's an instant blacklist, and if it's particularly egregious (ie. PL disbands; was dead most of the fight/was a dick to the rest of the party, and won the whistle despite being carried) folk may spread word of them in farming circles.  Something I've started adopting from the JP DCs is listing "X Kills" in my PF. Everyone's coming in agreeing to do this certain number of kills, and then we can update that number if most of the party wants to continue the farm.  Wouldn't stop 'em, but it helps to communicate and have a set goal, and it doesn't feel shitty if someone manages to get the whistle on the final _agreed_ clear, vs. leaving when they've "had enough" (which can be perceived as loot n scoot).   Never join a PF that says "mount in order of joining" - that's a 90% chance of ditching once the Lead/friends have their whistles.
It's the "i got mine, fuck you, mentality" it's in every game really.
I had a few farm groups that actually worked out, in the past. Those were lovely. Even if we had people move in and out.  However, usually, if you see a PF pop up with 2 or 3 people from the start, 'Order of Joining' or the likes? Red Flag.
Literally joined a mount farm where the leader was called "Griefingway".  He said he just needed ten totems to buy the mount.  The mount dropped.  He rolled and won it.  Disband.  Hindsight is 20/20.
I will always stay for 3-4 more kills after I win the drop.  It's just good etiquette.  Lootmasters, in order of joining, loot and scoot, all very terrible PF dealings.    It's FFA, but stay and help others a bit if you get a dub.  It's not like you're going to run the fight ever again afterwards.
It’s common courtesy to stay for a few more runs after you get your mount.   It’s not reasonable or expected to stay until everyone gets one.   Disbanding the party instead of leaving is pretty shitty
I always thought that it is good manners to stay for 1-2 more pulls, just not to look like an asshole right after you loot what you wanted.  Disbanding was a bad call. It would be much better to first thank everyone for their help and then promote a new leader since you gotta go.
A good idea I’ve seen is making a pf advertising for say, 3 clears. So getting the mount or no people can stay for the 3 clears which isn’t a big commitment, than stay for the next 3 clears if they want. This way people don’t feel like they need to stay there indefinitely or until more people get mounts and have a hop off point.
Because some people are selfish babies.
Having someone leave immediately when they get the loot is always a possibility. It looks bad and is somewhat rude but by the rules of the game they had the same chance as everyone else to get it, and that's just how they chose to respond. If I get it I usually stay at least 30 mins longer. If I need to go at a specific time I usually put it in party chat at the start so it doesn't look as bad if I go right after getting it.  If you're joining an FC party of seven and only you and one other need it then sticking around for just one more mount usually isn't thaaat big of a deal, so yeah they were jerks. Also, yes, loot master parties are scams and if someone turns it on then cancel the DF, flag it and leave if they insist.
It's pretty common. Noting you can really do about it besides blacklist them
This is why you don't join lootmaster runs
Disbanding right after is a mega asshole move. Leaving is a regular asshole move. Common manners is staying at least for a couple more runs at the very least, if not few more mount drops. And if you leave amd are party leader, hand it over, don't disband
Lootmaster parties are 99% scams anyway. It's just someone using people for their own benefit.
I always try to stay as long as possible. I think it’s only fair to wait until at least three more people get their mount. Leaving the party is rude enough, but disbanding is even worse.
It depends on the situation, i usually don't blame anyone for leaving a party right after getting the mount because while it's good manners to stay for a few more runs, i don't know them and for all i know they might have farmed the trial for 80+ runs and are now burned out and just want to not see it again for a while.   I can totally understand that so unless they say something like what you wrote in the post, i usually just assume they leave after getting the mount and if they don't it's just an happy surprise.
It's one of reasons why party mount farms usually have description of how many runs they're doing. I learnt this the hard way when I opened a PF farming Rathalos mount for the first time : I opened a party shouting for a full party mount run, meaning "doing until everyone gets it". People kept dropping out halfway through, and I decided to honor late joiners by doing more until it came to the point I decided to honor the last person by setting the description on 'X number of runs'. I ended up doing 84 runs in total when all I needed was 50.   People want mounts but when they ain't dropping in a couple of runs they simply gave up halfway, or when they got it they walked out on others. It's so inconsiderate and rude when they want something quick and easy at the expense of other's time.
They do it so that you can blacklist them and dodge their parties in the future, and prevent them from joining yours.   I've farmed all the ShB and EW EX mounts in PF for the last two expansions and I've had a loot and scoot happen one time because most people don't want to be blacklisted by the community that farms the same things with them.
The leader got the mount and disbanded.  Didn't even need to say more.
 it's a little dickish. just a little, like a rude person, but not violent. Even if it was a partial premade, then they should have at least thanked the randoms for joining and helping.   In my experience, courtesy dictates the person stays for 2-3 additional runs after getting the mount, unless the entire party is tired.
That's immediate blacklist for me. I was farming one of the mounts, I dropped it, and we kept going because 3 other ppl needed it. Ended up getting everyone the mount. I'm not saying that's how everyone should do it, but ppl should do minimum of 3 runs after loot drop if others still need the same thing. It's the decent thing to do.
Whenever I run PF mount farms I stay with the group until it disbands or everyone gets the mount. I've run Tsukiyomi and Seiryu for hours after getting the mount. Same for the Weapon fights. Maybe I'm just weird.
After getting that response, could that be considered a reportable offense? They clearly misrepresented themselves and what they wanted.
Some people are just assholes and have no qualms about wasting people's time.
Do they not list the amount of runs? If they say x10 runs then that is what should be followed regardless if the leader is the only one who didn't get a drop in those ten runs.everyone is there for an equal chance
That's some really rude attitude they showed you (and the other PF members). At last who wins the mount usually stay for other 3 or 4 runs before leaving, just as courtesy.   "Mount farm" is just a very generic description and usually means that the party will keep going as long as possibile, while replacing people who leaves because they have to or because they got the whistle.
Unless you have an agreed upon amount of kills, expecting people to stay is unrealistic.  If 7/8 people want to get the mount for one of them, and they are filling in that final spot, if their guy fairly gets it, why would they stay for the random? The drop rate is absurdly low. You got a fair shot at the mount, as did they. Why because they won are they obligated to stay?  Let's say you play until a mount drops, you don't win it, and you decide to leave afterwards. Is that a dick move? I bet you don't consider it being rude, but for some reason getting lucky and winning means you're now obligated to stay to reduce peoples jealousy that you were lucky? Or because they think they'll have a greater chance at the next one? M8, a kill takes like 10 min on average, I saw 2 ex mount drops in 80 kills. Realistically you won't see another mount drop until hours later. Do you expect them to be there  for all those hours until the next one drops? That mofo better not leave then too, right?  If you want people to stay a set amount of time, declare that in your pf. If they don't stay the set time because they got what they want early (like 2 hours for example), then that's a dick move. But their pf, just saying mount farm, people will stay until they get their mount and leave.
Just run with your FC. It's s nice way to socialize and people might actually stay for many runs.  In PF have no expectations. Nobody is synced up. People leave all the time, even if they did not get the drop. You will spend half the time in PF waiting for replacements and not in duty. Even if everybody is nice and nobody does the loot and run attrition is still high and you waste a bunch of time doing nothing.  Also, If somebody says they are good for 30min or sth.. well loot or no the decision was made beforehand. Can't really blame them that they can't burn all night long. But this assumes they mention it IN ADVANCE.
I actually rarely see a person who gets the mount leave.  More often is someone just bailing in frustration because they didn't they it.  Then once one person leaves it starts a chain reaction.
It's just bad behavior in general. Blacklist them and move along.   Personally when I join a mount farm, I try to stay several runs past myself getting it unless I had already called out "this is my last run"or similar before pull. I consider it good manners. Not everyone does that, but so far everyone I pay with seems to appreciate it.
It's loot and scoot, and generally looked down upon and will get you blacklisted. Generally after I get my mount I'll stick around for as long as I can, or even say "I'll stick around for 10 more fights"  It's possible the group had been playing for a long while and perhaps you joined during the last couple of fights they planned to do.
It takes roughly 1 hour to drop 1 loot on average   If u think somebody is gonna stay for 8 hours to get everybody loots. U r dreaming
Loot and scoooot
Yea, that's pretty crummy. I feel like the polite thing to do if you either have to leave or were just in it for yourself is to at least pass the leader along so the rest can keep going.
They got what they wanted and are literally entitled to leave should they wish. There is no contract to stay.
Stuff like this is why I generally don't join PF farm groups, based on the comments here I must've just had some bad luck because 8/10 of mine end the same way, it's always been that way for years. That said, I've also had some really amazing groups where everyone stayed till the end and everyone got their doggo!
Can you spend the Rubicante totems now?
Ready for this to be a hot take but I think loot and scooting on an ex mount is perfectly fine. The chances that the party actually stays together long enough to get another mount while the person who won is still in the party is so low that it really doesn't make a difference if they stay or leave. It's weird to see people get salty over it after someone gets the mount and leaves
I have a few times left after a clear after the first bullshit clear on omega cause fuck that fight (and then i won mount that made me feel worse) and when a group just disbands that or when I'm 5 or so people down the list to get a mount, normally i will stay for a good 6-20 more clears depending on fight and if i get mount drop early.
It is what it is. Most people are only in it for themselves and I can't totally blame then. Mount farming can be pretty exhausting. It's rare to find a group that's actually dedicated to helping everyone or as many people as possible get the mount, though in fairness, people also have lives and can't always commit more than like an hour to it.  In a case like this, I'd blacklist the party leader and find another party.
Mount parties have gone downhill over the past few expansions, luckily dogs can be farmed pretty easy with 3 guildmates. If you're looking for guivres, make sure everyone can roll and be happy to join for a few clears, never join loot controlled parties.
It's uncommon but not ultra rare, so to speak. FFXIV has a fairly strong social enforcement of decorum, and this sort of thing is a breach of decorum. It doesn't matter that it's technically not against the rules if it gets you a reputation for being a dick, and thus blacklisted even by people who have never met you.  As you say, my own experience has been that most folks stick around, or (at worst) say something before they leave.
Something similar happened to a friend of mine. He got a mount after a few runs, then said he was ready for more. Got kicked out of the party with zero explanation. I just don't understand the mind set.
When I do mount farm groups, I usually express the amount of expected runs (ideally) to be done with the group even if I get my whistle. Everyone knows what to expect if things go well.   But I usually expect people to leave if they get their whistle, not everyone wants to do something they don't gain anything from anymore. Courtesy isn't a given nowadays.  I'm going to hijack a bit the thread into EX weapon farming (and I guess to an extent Savage) : it irritates me that people who join farm groups specifically for the weapon (so at the beginning of patches usually) would get their weapon coffer, open it, and continue rolling on EVERYTHING even if the rest of the group has nothing... on SEVERAL runs. Like, be a decent human being, share the spoils (weapon drops, weapon coffers) for fuck's sake. This is more irritating to me than people leaving farm groups when they got what they wanted. /rant
A leader loot & scoot is super duper fucking cringe, at LEAST pass party leader
Either it's loot and scoot, or the party sucked and the leader didn't want to say anything about it.
While that wasn't a one-off event, it is pretty rare. Outside of farms with an asshole like that, the SOP is to run the Duty until everybody who wants the mount has it, or we reach an agreed upon stopping point.
Usually the host tries to stay for a good while even if they got the mount, your dude seemed like an ass though.
I try to run it atleast 3 times after I win the roll if I don't win the roll guess I'm staying til It drops again
that's almost as bad as the loot and scoot people which I also hate.  it seems to becoming more common though that people just loot and leave.  I don't personally do that unless I've said this is my last run and have to go before going into the trial and then I get the whistle.  usually when I get mine i stay till disband becuase I needed them to clear so I don't have a problem with more runs.       The other issue I have is the current drop rate of the new mounts but that another topic entirely.
The people I have blacklisted so far are those like that, and those who don’t respect the PF host’s conditions (like run EX until everyone gets the mount yet the moment a person gets the mount they leave)
It happens, I sorta shrug my shoulders at this point.  I've had too many great groups where everyone sticks around for a long time to help people get their mount that it balances out the occasionally group where what you described happens.
This is uncommon as most farm parties always stick for an hour before people drop off.. Sometimes you get lucky when you say you'll stick for another 2-3 pulls and you get the mount in the last pull and people understand that.  Disbanding immediately after getting mount is an instant blacklist
"Mount in order of joining" is the weirdest stuff anyway. Why would anybody join such a group when its over halfway full already? You could make a case for people who already have the mount or only need a few tokens more but even then they could just join any "regular" farm party.
I've been doing "I'm going for an hour then stopping" as something I say before we get started. It's worked quite well and has a time expectation, and sometimes the group doesn't dissolve if someone has to bounce and I just need to refill or queue without, pending whatever we're working on. Haven't tried it in the description yet, though.
I wish NA would do that more in PF, it sets a reasonable expectation and if the group is good and wants to keep going you can add more like you said. "Mount farm" is vague and like, sorry but if I got the mount and it's current expac I don't want to spend another hour in the fight (I'm sure 99% of the player base feels the same). Setting the PF up for 5 runs or whatever is a quick in and out affair and if someone gets the drop they don't have to stay for a super long time without being made to feel like an asshole for leaving, they just stay for the remainder and then it's see you later
Hey, this is going to sound super dumb but, what are blacklists? Like I know the concept its a list of people you wouldn't party with but.. is it an actual feature or.. do people keep personal .txt files of names they just check through every time?
I tend to join 5 clear parties, will do more if everyone wants. That way we all know its at least 5 clears.
If the pf doesn't specify a number, I always try to announce things like "2 more clears dor me" for basically the same reason. i don't want to win and leave, but if I do win on the announced final clear I don't have to feel bad.
I'm in Elemental and the Mount x 5(or whatever number) is such a clear way to do things I'm surprised it doesn't catch on in other DCs.
In every walk of life tbh
I had one once, where everyone actually got the mount. It was definitely a lovely surprise, wasn't expecting it at all :)   was during Stormblood, had joined a thordan EX farm. didn't say anything about getting everyone the mount, just something they chose to do because they wanted to, the friend group who started the run.   I got it last. even though a couple had to leave, they brought in some more friends to fill that had it, so they could help me get it too.     still a PF experience I cherish, since I joined ffxiv mid-SB, around early nov 2017, so was still fairly new too
I mean, at that point you can't really be too mad
It is good manners to stay until everyone got it. Not realistic because of rl in most cases, but already planning to leave after 1-2 extra runs is scummy af.
*some  Also met some of the nicest people in PF i play with regularly now
That's why I set a time or run limit if I have to go or notice my focus is dwindling. If I get the mount in that frame that's just what happened.
"Order of joining" mount farm, yes almost certainly a scam unless it's old unsync content.  But lootmaster gil mercenary parties for EX mounts and savage loot are usually legit. I've both hosted (as in, I paid others gil in exchange for me taking loot via lootmaster) and participated (as in, I was paid gil by someone else who took the loot via lootmaster) and as long as you do the smart thing and grab a screenshot of the PF, the host's name, and chat log, and note down timestamps so the GM can go look up logs on their end, it's an easy report to GMs if they take the loot but then don't pay up.   I paid gil for Barb and Rubicante mounts via lootmaster, as well as one P8S run for both coffers, and I've also joined other people's P8S gil for lootmaster parties before. Haven't seen any scams yet.
I've considered creating a lootmaster, just because I'm so fucking sick of grinding Emerald weapon EX at this point. Lot of people suck at the orb and sword mechanic.  Might just offer people 200K gil each for the first drop at this point so I can be done with it.
NA PF don't usually starte number of runs, or even a time for stopping
I was amazed to learn that, for some reason, Americans don't do this.  It sets a full expectation and then when someone wins they don't just (usually) immediately bail.
In OPs case it was a farm party, and 6 out of 8 spots were filled by PF for a farm party. That means 6 people showed up with the expectation of multiple runs of multiple whistles, and then the party leader just kicked everyone out once they got theirs. It's a pretty clear cut case of someone being a dick and advertising something they weren't prepared to deliver.  The ideal if of course as has been mentioned by yourself and others: a time limit or run limit mentioned up front. But by that logic if you're making a party and planning on disbanding right after you get yours, then you should also state that up front. Of course nobody does that, because no one would join that party. Because it's not a farm party. It's a gift party.
The difference between leaving without getting it and living right after getting it is that if you didn't get it you didn't reap the benefit of the whole team's effort. People don't expect everyone to stick until everyone have their mounts.  However, if people don't write a time / run limit in their pf is because they expect people to stick as much as possible, which means they expect people to warn when they're about to leave. If someone say "last for me" and they get the mount in the try, fair enough, they warned. But insta-leaving (and especially insta-disbanding) right after dropping without saying anything is just a dick mov.
The kill took 3 minutes. It was a stormblood ex with a party of 4/5 people, can't remember which. We ran it 3 times and then they disbanded, and I know they didn't run it before I joined (maybe on another day tho) since it was around 10 am and I was the 2nd or 3rd to join lol
I'm a loser with no FC  Feelsbadman
This is *a* solution, but not *the* solution. Not everyone has or wants to be in an active FC, so a considerable amount of people cannot "just run with their FC"
This is the true answer. Farm groups rarely to never get everyone the drop. And I'm there to get a drop, I have no reason to stay in it afterwards. If the fight is clean and fast I might, but I'm not obligated, considering most "farm" groups are "I've cleared once, now carry me through" in disguise.
1 hour in which fight? That's something that greatly varies depending on the fight and what that loot is. OP only mentioned it was a dog, meaning a Stormblood extreme, and depending on which specific fight 1 hour is definitely not the average for a single dog.  They also said it took 3 runs. No Stormblood extreme takes 20 minutes to clear.
True
It's a social contract. They help you get the mount, you help them. Even if it's not staying till everyone got one, instantly leaving, let alone disbanding is generally looked down on
Dogs just end up as rewards in Moogle tomes anyway.  Shadow mounts are rough.
Because they’re a gullible fool who actually believes people would stick to their word in an online game with no consequences to breaking said word?  I’m *totally* not talking from experience…not at all…\*cough*
I used to run stuff like that but only for my FC and anyone looking to join. Since half of us had the mounts it was really more about recruiting.  Though back then farm parties would fall apart the second someone was lacking on mechanics.
Believe it or not, but there was a time people would actually stay til everyone got it. HW mount farms could last a full day and in the end, everyone had their mount. But it was a different time, with less fast food mentality. Usual farm party lasted 3-4 hours with at leats 3-4 mounts droped.
What I did a long time ago was called DKP or "Dragon Kill Points" Whoever had the most totems got their mounts first. If their totems were within 15 left, they were an exception and would get theirs from the totems instead, And if I have the most totems. I'd hold myself back to 3rd or 4th place so that others were ensured theirs. Before me as a pledge of trust. I did this for Emerald Weapon Extreme and people were skeptical at first. But decided to give it a shot. Six of us got our mounts through totems and drops combined so it was an overall success. Ya gotta build your trust sometimes.
I don't know if they are still very common now, but I remember a period of time where trap lootmaster parties were filling PF. And yeah, 9 times out of 10 it was a scam to get the host and maybe their friends their mounts before disbanding and disappearing into the night.
on the lower right of your screen you have those menu tabs right?  one of them is socials > contacts, and you will see your most recent party members.   Right click the name and select blacklist.  It doesn't do much but you won't see their pf anymore and they can't see yours, but in rare instances you get randomly matched together if luck hates you.  another effect is that you won't see their chat, and they can't send you /tells
What server were you on? Because i ran a pf random group for an entire day getting everyone HW mounts from each extreme
Honestly, if it was explicitly "I'm just here to get 10 totems in order to buy the mount," and the mount drops and he gets it...I mean, it's what he said he was after. Unless there was some explicit reason to think it would last longer than 10 runs to get those totems...
This would only really work for old, old extremes, where the fight takes a couple minutes and the mount drops every few kills on a good day  But then you think of current expansion extremes and yeah no you're not getting 8 mounts in a reasonable time frame
If you're already at 15-20 runs you're pushing a rather long time in current content, moreso if people fuck up/wipe. I usually stick around 3-5 after my whistle in current content (because my luck is shit anyway so I've usually been there for the long haul) but if it's not the most current (which it never is, I've never even seen a mount drop before increased odds) sticking around longer is easier. In older extremes you can literally do as many runs as needed in no time flat, so sticking around till everyone got one in those is ezclap (even tho I've gone ~15 runs without drop before)
I'm always okay if ppl leave, when they tell you beforehand. We all killed it together, everyone tried their best and it's not like he's stole mount from us, he was just a little bit luckier than me.   "Stay until everyone got it" only works for me when chance increases with each clear. But every mount clear is rng, so if you haven't been afk, you deserve it and can leave even after 1 run (still I think minimum 3-5 runs is common courtesy)
Not scummy at all, you're discounting how many runs they have been there already, if you're 8 clears in you can't expect them to stay for 8 more, you're not playing with machines.
Not really. I don't go all in or nothing. I do 5-6 runs here. 4 more runs there. 8 runs tomorrow. Whatever. Many times I was already gonna leave after 2-3 more runs. Getting a mount or not doesn't change the FACT that I have to go. I have other things to do. I would announce my departure in advance, though.  But long story short, if you gotta go, then you gotta go. Staying for a few more runs is already the courtesy. (And if someone leaves, and now you're back to waiting for it to fill up again, might as well just leave there too. No reason to put party back on PF again and again after just a few more runs before you leave)
Ideally i'd stay until more people get their mounts, but thats not realistic if its a weeknight and i have to be up for work in the morning. I stay a minimum of two more runs unless the party is just a disaster at trying to clear and the clock is ticking for me to get a healthy amount of sleep
I was doing Rathalos Ex with some people weeks ago, even though I have mine since 07/21/2020. I stayed hours over hours until everyone got this mount.
Yeah I've had to dip from a farming party due to RL circumstances but I always apologize first.
Been there. Hang in there.
Ahh okay, usually if I want to do more I'll reopen a pf and the same people may or may not join, usually they do as they would open up pf and see my pf again. Made a few friends like this too!
What? 😂 at this point im starting to think elemental way is so organized 😂
Wasn't even 6/8 spots, it ended up being those two friends and then me and another person and maybe a 5th? So it was even worse cuz they could have easily run the 3 minute trial again a few more times 🥲 if it was an EW trial or something I'd understand how annoying it would be to run a long trial over and over but it was super quick and easy
I personally don't see it as a dick move. Whenever someone has done so in the past, it's within their right. They have 0 obligations and I have 0 expectations outside what has been said. If nothing has been said, you're the fool for assuming one has to stay when they no longer need it.  When I did light farm parties back in arr and someone got done during a garuda window, they would instantly leave. And good on them, because they stand nothing to gain to stay further, they don't play for my sake or anyone else.  The reason we play together is because we share a common goal, someone reaching that goal before me shouldn't follow me every step of the way either. They are done, I'm not. I will continue, they will not.  If every single person on that pf wanted to get the mount for the one who created it except op, then the disband is warranted, as only op would've been left anyway. They didn't have lootmaster, several people must have passed on the mount. The pf creator could just as easily have lost it and the op have won it, it's not a "gift" party. What friends do for friends is their business, and they "gifted" a random a greater chance than usual to get the mount. They still lost it, but m8, they had an EQUAL chance to get it. It's not like the other randoms funnel their chance to get the mount to the pf creator.  To expect people to stay for your sake is selfish. No one owes anyone shit, and anything done in good faith is a nice gesture, not an obligation.
I don't think the issue is leaving the party though. Even if you have no reason to say, it doesn't hurt to do so for a few more runs if you can. If you can't stay, it's nicer to just say that you can't and thank them for the runs before stepping out.  If you were farming then you probably don't have anything urgent to leave for anyways. Anyone who disagrees isn't "wrong" or "obligated" of course, I just personally think that living as a person who only does things if they get something out of it isn't really appealing to me.
I’m certainly not talking about smurfing old unsync content
No one can and will force people to stay.
There are actually consequences tho! Its on the ToS under player made agreements, and if you break one you can get into deep shit, to the point of getting your achievement/mount/whatever deleted from your character if you get reported
Hey, sometimes people stick to their word, even in those kind of groups.  But yeah, I still would avoid them.
The mentality of "Got mine, cya" may not have short term consequences, but is toxic to the entire PF farming experience in long term. If every single person followed this, you'd spend literally half your farming time waiting on PF to slot fill as people drop out.   Not saying people need to spend all day, but just don't be the person there for 1-2 pulls, gets mount, and runs. If you've done at least 4-5 runs total, you've made it worth everyone elses' time; at least they got some totems.
Adding to what another person said, if you keep up that mentality, it's really likely people will start blacklisting you, as they normally do, and you'll have a really hard time finding parties and/or people to join your party eventually. The farming community does tend to mark and remember loot and scout peeps.  No one asks people to stay forever, as long as you stay for a a couple more pulls (depending on the lenght of fight, it might even be only 2 to 3 more), people won't be bitter about it once you need to go.  And of course, if you already had stayed a long time on the fight before you got your loot and absolutely needs to go because of irl, most will understand. If it only took you 1 to 2 pulls to get the mount, not so much.
Exactly my point. Why then join a group where its excedingly unlikely to get the drop the later you join. With the other kind of groups everyone has the same chance.
back when I started, I started out on Louisoix, I moved to Spriggan when that opened later, stayed there for a long while, but have moved on from there too.
I guess it depends on what people think a reasonable time frame is. I’ve done a few and the average amount of runs so far sits like 50-70. 6-10 hours would be enough I think for, on average, 8 whistles to drop.
>I personally don't see it as a dick move. Whenever someone has done so in the past, it's within their right. They have 0 obligations and I have 0 expectations outside what has been said. If nothing has been said, you're the fool for assuming one has to stay when they no longer need it.  You can be both within your rights to do something and be a dick at the same time. Not sure why you think these are mutually exclusive.
Hence social contract. It's not forced but looked down on. And can lead to blacklisting.
Then if you loot and scoot, be prepared to be blacklisted.
^ This, remember the TFDF post from a few weeks ago with the mercenary party host who refused to pay up and then did RMT in plain sight in front of the party?
Not to this one. Those PFs promise mounts in order of joining, but they sneakily don't mention anything about lasting until everyone gets a mount.   What it translates to is that the host gets a mount and maybe a lucky 2nd person, then someone inevitably leaves and they took it as a sign to disband. There is absolutely no way a PF party farms long enough for all 8 people to get a mount.
Only thing being promised in PF adverts such as that is that mounts are to be doled out according to join order, but *not* that the thing will be run until everyone that joined gets a mount drop.  It's a high chance of being a trap because if they planned to keep the group going until everyone has one they wouldn't need stipulations like that to begin with.
Damn wish I knew that like 4 years ago lol  I joined a HW mount farm for Zurvan or Sephirot or something. Party clearly stated that it was a farm until everyone got it. Some random person got it, then the leader got it, everyone was ready for the next pull, and then the leader just disbands the party with no communication.  To this day, I have an irrational hatred of Fem Roe face 2 because of that party.
I did not know that!
That’s a very fair point! All this happened when I didn’t know how reporting worked, though.
While what you say is true, it's not that simple.  Just because person A happens to have been in the party continuously for a longer time than person B, that doesn't necessarily mean person B joined later than person A. It may be the case that person B had to leave the party temporarily and rejoined, perhaps to do a GATE or world travel or something, but the party lead still considers person B to have joined earlier than person A. And even though person A may think that's unfair to them, nothing in the ToS states person A is owed any explanation from the party lead as to why person B was favored over them.  Now, consider the above as something that truly, genuinely happens, and then imagine a situation in which the party lead and person B are "in on it" where there is no world travel/GATE/etc involved at all. There's no way for person A to know, yet this still wouldn't be actionable because it's on person A to prove to the GMs that the violation occurred to begin with.
Somewhere between HW and SB I decided to try and get the birds. I joined a PF for Bismarck where to rule was that you get the mount in the order you joined. Some people in the group already had it and just wanted to help, so I think I ended up being fourth in line to get the mount.  We start doing runs. First mount dropped pretty quick, second wasn’t too far behind, third one took a bit longer. And then the group disbanded. No mount for me.  I join another PF, same rule, a few days later. We do a lot of runs, people get their mounts, and once it’s my turn to get the mount the group disbands before it dropped.  I give it a rest for a few weeks, then join yet another PF, again with the same rule. Runs are being cleared, mounts are being dropped, my turn in the order comes up and…the group disbands.  All these years later, I still don’t have the Bismarck bird.
It's not even that they won't stick to their words, it's that any mount that you actually need a group to farm for, you won't see enough to make the idea of farming 8 reasonable.  Doing the SB mounts for example you'd expect about 1-2ish every 10 kills, so that's 80 kills to get everyone geared. That's About 6ish hours. Not gonna happen.
6-10 hours is an entire full-time job day's worth of farming the fight.  If you can find 8 people who all think 10 straight hours of farming is reasonable (and are all actually prepared to farm the fight), all the power to you, but a lot of people who play this game have jobs, school, kids, etc. There's no world in which that's ever going to be a standard expectation in PF.  There's a reason the totems exist. A good mount farm lasts for an hour or two, maybe you get lucky and get the mount, if not at least you get some totems you can *eventually* trade for a mount (unless it's a full-on trap but then you hopefully don't stay for two hours).
If I'm going to spend 6-10 hours straight playing the game, it's not going to be to spam the same EX trial over and over again to get people mounts. I wouldn't even do that to get *myself* that mount, let alone to get it for random strangers in PF. Even the farming sessions with my FC typically only last like 3 hours, and I *like* the people in my FC.  Hell, when we farm old exs for mounts, we limit it to 5 runs of a particular fight and then we do a different fight regardless of if people still need the mount so that we don't burn ourselves out.
Reasonable time frame ends at about an hour. This is pf, not your static. You join it when you need to fill space in your schedule.
Well, that's a matter of opinion if the person is a dick or not. Which everyone is allowed.   And my opinion is that the person bitching over someone leaving in a videogame because they are finished when you're not is the actual egotistical dickhead. My reasoning laid clear as stone in my post you're responding to.  It's not about what's mutually exclusive. It's about one person being a self absorbed asshole thinking everyone gotta be there for their own race and one person just doing their own thing on their own time. To me, as explained why above (if you could read): getting what you need and leaving after having cleared the fight and gotten loot is not a dickhead move. They didn't lootmaster it. They left when they got what they wanted, not in the middle of a run or anything. They are finished, them staying doesn't matter to them anymore, being kind to a stranger is a nice gesture by staying but they aren't forced to do so. If you think a person is a dick for not staying then you're trying to force someone to give you their time, meaning you're an asshole. Spit at people who don't give you what -you- want and expect people to do something for you is disgusting.   Nothing unfair in what they did. Everyone had an equal chance and they left when they got lucky.
Oh no. What a shame. Blacklisted by randoms I may never see again. Such horrors.
Got a link? That sounds like a fun read.
The guy that wanted the P5-P8S clears on an alt without them uploading fflogs?
I’ve done it once, possibly twice but once for sure. Not common
....If you are in NA, I would happily help you with that mount. That trial is pretty much soloable these days by a 90.  But yeah, these sort of parties are pretty much traps---I'd rather join the random ones, even if I don't get the mount, at least I will only feel like rng is messing with me, as it always does.
Yeah, an afternoon I’d call it. I’ve done it, it’s not common, and I certainly wouldn’t say it’s an expectation. My comment was simply that it could take roughly that time and some may find that reasonable and some may not. No one is telling me my time estimate is off so it depends on whether someone thinks 6-10 hours of grinding for 8 whistles is “reasonable” is all I’m saying.   Not sure why the comment was so disliked.
Which is fair and a great way to do things for some. I’ve definitely done some short grinds because I got burnt out farming.
You're missing it, though. The reason it's a dick move is because when you join a farm party, you know several people want to drop, so you come in the party that has the expectation that it is trying to get several drops. You may personally not feel like it, but the majority of the playerbase is.  > To expect people to stay for your sake is selfish   You don't see the irony there, if you insta-leave when you drop then you literally showed that you expected the team to stay just for your loot and that they can fuck off afterward. Meanwhile if you expect people who dropped to stay, you may expect them to stay for you, but you also expect them to stay for the whole team.  We all know a team never has the time to stick for everyone to loot, especially considering current content mount farm, but we act this way as to make it fairer for everyone.  Your example of the light farm is also a bad one, as when you join a team you know how much light you're missing, and you can lay clear expectation of how many runs you'll do. The same way you can do it with totem farm, but people often drop the mount before getting 99 totems anyway (well that was the case before when we dropped 1 totem instead of 2).
Mind if you give us your ingame info so you can spare many people the headaches and we can blacklist you right away?
It doesn't cost you anything to not be a jerk. I don't get why you're so proud of it?
Yeah lol
I second this. I may have already seen that post, but I want to see it again.
yep!!
> Not sure why the comment was so disliked.  I didn't downvote you or anything but if you reduce your comment to "it just depends how you define it" it's pedantic and doesn't add anything. Like sure, if someone thinks raiding for 40 straight hours is reasonable, that's their prerogative. The comment you replied to was about PF norms, so people reasonably assumed you were saying something about PF norms too.  > Yeah, an afternoon I’d call it.  Generally I'd argue that you can't find two times 6 hours apart that most people would call afternoon (anything before noon is morning, 6 PM is definitely evening for most). You can call it what you want, but if you're saying something can be "done in an afternoon" and you mean it could take up to 10 hours, your friends are gonna be hella confused.  > No one is telling me my time estimate is off  I actually think your estimate *is* off, and by quite a bit. It didn't matter to my original reply, but math is fun so let's do it.  First the drop rates: The standard estimate is mount drop rates are around 5%. If you have data suggesting this estimate is wrong, LMK, but it seems to line up with most people's observations. If you're going with the same group the entire time, that puts the odds of seeing 8 mounts before 99 clears at a tad over 12%, which means that the average group where no one has the mount will need to do a full 99 runs (then everyone left can buy with totems).  Next the clear rate: 99 runs would take about 10 hours if you're getting 10 clears an hour, or one every 6 minutes (with exactly 6 minutes of break time allowed). That's faster than the fastest logged speed kills of either current Extreme (7:21 and 7:33) and *way* faster than the current median kill time (a little over 9 minutes for both). Even if we're talking about previous extremes that we outgear, the median clear is still around 7 minutes for Ex1 and 2.  Even in a group where everyone is playing very well and there aren't too many mistakes (which in a farm there will be mistakes, even for a hardcore static), 5 kills an hour seems *far* more likely—and that's still an incredibly smooth group with a pretty tight allowance on mistakes and break time. If you're getting 5 kills an hour, than you'll have 50 clears after 10 hours, and a 0.3% chance of having gotten 8 drops (that's 3 in 1000).  But fine, you said 50-70 clears. At 70 clears, there's a 0.8% chance of the group having gotten 8 drops (it climbs above 1% at 73 clears, if you're curious). Granted, these are better odds than Jumbo Cactpot, but I wouldn't exactly base an estimate on getting them.  Now do note that your *personal* chances of getting the mount in 50-70 clears look better (after all, you only have to win *one* drop, and each subsequent drop the competition is between less people). But the thread is about sticking around until *everyone* gets the mount.
No. It's not your loot they waited for, that's what you're getting wrong.  Joining a farm party is joining for a chance drop. That's what you're doing. You join for a chance drop, get your drop, and leave. It wasn't done for you, everyone was rolling for it. If you don't get it, you continue, if you do, what's wrong with leaving? You won the roll. People didn't run all this time just for your drop, everyone HAD AN EQUAL CHANCE. It was everyones chance. When you leave, the rest of the party can still go. You  have no obligation to stay just because you got lucky.    If someone disbands, like in OPs comment, and they say "the rest of the party were my friends trying to get it for me" then that's that. It's fine. They have 0 obligation for trying to get the mount for the random.  AND THE RANDOM HAD EQUAL CHANCE FOR THE MOUNT. THEY STILL HAD THE SAME SHOT. IT WAS NOT LOOTMASTERED. IT WAS A LUCKY ROLL. That means that everyone in that party would've gone on for their friend, and wouldn't have minded if the random got their mount.   Several people want the drop. You got it, you leave, 1 person down. Get 1 more, continue farming. It's a continuous process, it's not like they'll never get the mount if you drop the party. And you're not obligated to stay with the party just to make sure they get theirs. That's not a dickmove. Only a selfish person EXPECTS others to stay for them.
Okay.
Damn I missed the update post then 😭
That’s fair, maybe I got lucky runs but I’ve done some full farms and basing how many runs needed to get 8 using totems to keep track of how many runs.   The person I replied to stated that newer ones would be unreasonable to do a full farm, they didn’t give a time average they’d expect. Someone seeing that could think it takes 40+ hours. I was simply saying based on my small scale anecdotal that it seems to be 6-10 to give a time frame and understanding that even that could be unreasonable to many but some wouldn’t. I wasn’t sure if I’d be getting a clarification on the amount of time they were thinking it would take.   I don’t think it’s pedantic as “farming all 8 whistles” is ambiguous on how long that could take vs “farming 6 hours.” If I say it’s 6-10 hours on my experience, maybe they respond, “oh yeah a 6 hour farm would be fine but my average seems to be like 20 hours to get all 8.” Based on your breakdown though, getting all 8 in 100 runs is still rare and if 50-60 takes 6-10 then it could very well be much longer than 20 hours, in which I’d agree.
I'm not saying people waited for "my" loot though. If that's what you are understanding from what I'm saying you just show that from all the years you seem to have been playing (since you mentioned ARR light farm), you haven't learned anything about the overall etiquette of FFXIV (that or you're playing on a server with a shitty community like Lamia). I know Reddit is often not representative of the whole community, but the sentiment in the comments is pretty much the sentiment of the people I've met in PF all these years.  Yes they'll eventually get the mount if they farm, yes you can replace leavers, but no, that doesn't make it not a dickmove. And you seem to not have understood it, so I'll repeat: it's not "a person expecting others to stay for them", it's "everyone expecting to stay for everyone". This is not selfishness, this is collaboration. Selfishness is coming in a community that expect to stick together for a while, get what you want, and dips out at the first occasion.
We're waiting
Yeah exactly, I didn't see it as "my" loot or that I was owed a whistle because I joined a pf. I just find it scummy to advertise something and then dip when you get what you want without saying that's your plan. Maybe I've just had too many good pf experiences where we stayed for a few hours (2-3 min trials) and bonded, and that's not the norm? I feel like it's a lot more fun if you're all working together, even if you don't all get the loot you want in the end cuz you all have to leave before that happens!
Why is it a dick move then?  I have explained why I don't think it is. You're really not saying anything concrete about why it is.  You're joining a group that has the same goal, each clear you did everyone took part of. As much as they helped you, you help them. With every single clear.  Speaking about communities as if the pf is an entire community.  Here's my "pf community": I never join pfs, if I need people I try recruiting some from linkshells or fc or my raidteam. I fill in the rest with a pf of my own making. I give a simple description, then when everyone has joined I give a clear declaration of what the intent of the group is. The rules are usually we clear, everyone has a shot on loot. If there's a special exception anyone might ask for it but everyone has a full right to reject it. When someone is satisfied or done, loot or no, they're free to leave. Exceptions being when I look into raid replacements in which I state a time commitment or until we clear it all.  People are fairly treated every run, and if someone gets the horsie, bird, doggo, dragon, whatever, then they're free to leave whenever they want and we find someone new. They're free to leave whenever actually, even after just 1 kill and nothing in a farm. Because it's a farm, my expectation is just to find people and do it. If they leave, I find more people and do it. No bad blood, no one is a dick, and I move on.  My time with pf the last 5 years have always been near perfect to me. Has it been often? No. But it's a smash hit every time. Because I don't imagine expectations that shouldn't be there. Because the pf isn't some solid community, it's a set of individuals that wants to do content and pf is one of the very few ways to get to do content. It's a game, you owe no one in a fucking video game. 6 clears is like an hour or more of a current extreme. One hour is a lot of time when you work full time, even half an hour is. So people getting their thing and moving on is fine.   If you want people who follow your commitments and etiquette you make or join a static. We have clear etiquette and expectations between each others when we do content together, because we aren't just randos.
Are you still waiting?
Yea, I’d clear some off my blacklist to add this person.
I don't understand wtf you're talking about in any of your comments. How exactly am I being selfish for being annoyed that the pf leader disbanded after 3 runs? They didn't leave the party, they completely disbanded it so the rest of us couldn't continue. Only the 2 of them were friends, the other 3 joined via pf. I don't care if people leave after getting their loot, it's rude to leave right after but people do it, whatever. It's nice for someone to stay for at least 1 or 2 more runs after their loot but I get people have places to be, even if it's a 3 minute trial. But at least make someone else the party head before disbanding so we can keep going 🤷🏻‍♂️
another Hrothgar without a matching had - sad times we live in indeed
Yup. Cat aggro is the worst aggro. Can confirm.
When is this emote getting added to the game?
We all understand the laptop gamer struggle it's ok
Mikote attention span can be really short
Only for Miqo’te and Hrothgar though.
I’m that lvl90 Scholar who finally came back to the entrance of Sastasha to hand in that lvl50 dungeon quest
What the hell they just straight up ditched their au ra friend
That's quite nice   No anime, no painted over real life, just the actual game and stuff you can actually do in game.
Gotta love seeing Reaper there as if it's something available anytime soon for new players.
Cute bunboys are always a welcome sight.
Ohhhh man I see a bun boi I punch the play button ASAP regardless of what the vid is
This is far better that terribad "live action" ad they made last time indeed.   Also I think that's even better than the KR anime one because this one is made with actual in-game footage.
Love how they went from Costa del Sol straight to Lakeland lol
I thought the Au Ra flipped the Viera the bird when he arrived! XD
no lala spamming the "wah!" emote line? fake news.
I just came back last week and thought everyone was just wearing some headgear, until recently I had no idea they'd added new races.  Rabbit people were a mistake.
No crafting segment and Ultima track - lost opportunity D:
Are they using GShade!!??
yeah I mean putting a male Viera in front of me a bunch of times would probably get me to start playing the game if I hadn't already
Sorry, Korean one still wins :P
Wasn't he the guy in a Tuxedo in the background in Ul'dah at the end? Different hair, same horns? Looks like he's made more friends.
Maybe he's that one friend that turned to crafting all day instead of running dailies. :)
Maybe he's just not online that weekend
Fantasia'd into a miqote, probably.
Maybe they just found out what the au'ra does on Discord...
He was banned.
He was a Reaper, he was clearly accompanying them as a veteran only for a bit... From Sastasha to Snowcloak, so a very long bit lol.
Yeah was gonna say I like this better as an ad. Anime is super cool and all but this feels more honest though well edited. and the live action stuff has too much "dude you're gettin' a dell" energy.
I think the implication, especially with the ending, is that it’s a high level character doing old dungeon content with a newbie via level sync.
They've been doing the "live action" ads since ARR.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OEw8qAoNT8
Thank the gods, no.   ^(Was bad enough they made the Lala do a cheer which most made me stop watching the video.)
Na, they just were wise enough to select the best moments. FFXIV graphic style depends too much on light and climates.
I feel like this is probably one of the most realistic ads I've seen. They didn't try to overhype everything and it felt so wholesome at the end when the bunboy returns in late game armor and helps the sprout.
Fair enough. Would be a pretty boring rotation but it is doable, for sure.
As their equipment shoes the sprouts even did the novice hall before Sastasha.
Nothing says Louisoix like "Go forth, conquer, rule!"
I didn't know that! Thanks for let me know.  But still I think that even that is really terribad :v
also a lot of people forget to adjust gamma correction.  before I fixed my shaders /switched from gshade to reshade, I played for a few weeks with gamma correction adjusted from 50 (default), down to 0 to make game less grey.    this thread here shows the difference with a couple of screenshots:  https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/kbp7t1/why_is_ff14_so_grey_where_is_the_color_easy_fix/   as comments there mention, its a bit more complicated for dark skinned characters as it does make it darker too, but if you don't use it already, the character lighting setting, which they mentioned is under gamma ones, might help with that
And with a story that is clear across languages. Swap out the Japanese and you have an ad that works anywhere.
Yeahhhh I wonder who was drunk when they wrote that script.
Thank you for sharing!  Yep, they don't need too much to make the FFXIV looks like a "modern" game...lightning overhaul and slightly higher textures resolution are good enough.  Tbh i would like to have better hairs and grass too. Some armors and face models are cool and smooth but you still can see how much aliasing we have on our hair lol
yea, and update on character models, which they are working on for 7.0 I think. you see it esp with older races and hairstyles for sure.
I never used any reshaders because my monitor have some presets I can flip through. And while I don't think it changes any textures or resolutions they do change the looks of games pretty wildly. It may be that it somehow manages to change settings with the graphics card too, because when discussing this with someone else they did the same thing via the desktop app of their card.  I don't know if this isn't something it's common monitors/graphics cards can do? So many seem to say the game looks bland/blurry/washed out and I'm a bit confused why they seem to need to go through so much effort to get such drastic "BEFORE.../AFTER!!!" images. When all I do is poke a button on my monitor a few clicks. I'm not tech-savvy enough to understand it, but my game is vivid and sharp unless I pick a setting that makes it look otherwise.
Many monitors has good enough tweaking settings for sure. The problem is: even if you change lightning/shadow/gamma, you may notice some low resolutions in armors, grass and hair. It's all about angles.  Maybe with lightning tweaks you may be able to hide it a little bit more. This scene for example: [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fa2IM7cWQAM2A9H?format=jpg&name=4096x4096](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fa2IM7cWQAM2A9H?format=jpg&name=4096x4096) If you zoom it, you will see what i am talking about on the hair.  The engine of FFXIV is awesome with interesting physics details that interact with the environment (rain, wind, etc..) they had to keep something behind lol  Users of NVIDIA cards has some good options to tweak effects too...like a built-in reshade/gshade.
Hair looks like that in my game for sure and some armor an mounds are very pixelated I feel. So reshading changes that to better quality, is that the difference?  After my last comment I went hunting for my graphics card (GeForce) app and now I do see I can optimize games and it seems I've done so. But I've also flipped through the monitor presets to make sure I didn't just remember wrong and they still change the look of the game quite drastically in some of them.  But also, I'm old af. I played EverQuest (1) before their graphical upgrade when all the character were basically a bunch of stuck together tubes. And WoW since they stress tested the vanilla servers, so way before they upgraded. Maybe I'm just easily pleased. XD
My first MMO was Perfect World (2005), i played a little of EverQuest, Cabal, RF, Mu, Blade and Soul, Tera... i am easily pleased too! However, those games were low or high quality everywhere.  I feel weird seeing so many highly detailed stuff (physics and places) sharing the same scenario with low quality stuff (hair, grass), makes me think: why we just.. you know? put everything high quality?   haha
Haha, mmo old timers unite! =D  Hmm, I seem to recall from a documentary about the game that they had issues with assets taking way to much resources and so it was decided that everything by category is allotted \[number of resource\] to work with and no more, to give the spaghetti code a fair chance. And it's just stayed that way to keep things afloat. Due to it's origin, the foundation of FFXIV is so precarious that even a lot of obvious QoL can't be implemented because poking at it may bring the whole house of cards down. What we have may be all that the game currently is capable to give without returning to the dumpster fire of doom.  I think they may be working on it more since it's become so apparent that FFXIV brings home the bacon for the company. But even so, it's going to take a long time. Messy code is literal nightmare fuel for programming.  Looking forwards to the update but so far my monitor/graphic card is doing well for my game visually. And I wonder why it isn't talked about more? Again, not tech-savvy enough to understand it but it feels strange it seems so overlooked.
Gwalter could probably buy a seat on the Syndicate at this point if he really wanted to.
Thank you!  Another 60,000 closer to 4mil MGP. :D
**Before asking for help please read below**  * Check ALL slots are filled except off-hand   * Check that even non-hint slots are filled.  * Check that both rings are filled  * When using dye make sure it is in the correct dye slots  * Check your dye names to make sure they are exactly the same or the right type  * Glamouring items counts for the hint slots and dyes  * If you are still having issues, please include a screenshot of your results screen from the Masked Rose. It will be easier for us to help troubleshoot your issue  #**What is the Fashion Report?**  The Fashion Report is a weekly mini-game in the Gold Saucer with the NPC the Masked Rose to earn 60,000+ MGP and items to unlock from another NPC such as glamour, and housing items. For the mini-game the Masked Rose gives out 4 hints for players to discover the results to. The correct gear, correct dye and just filling out gear slots will net you more points. You get 10k MGP for participation and then once you reach a score of at least 80pts you will get a 50k MGP bonus. For achieving the maximum score of 100pts you will earn an achievement which gives you the title "Fashion Leader". Additionally, the NPC next to the Masked Rose called Kasumi will gradually unlock glamour and furnishing items in her shop based on the total number of points week over week you accumulate. Once you have 600pts total you will have unlocked the entire shop. Unfortunately, you are only able to accumulate 100pts per week for the shop unlock so at minimum it will take 6 full weeks of the Fashion Report.
The fat chocobo head also gave me the medal
Lol thanks for this.  Golden Tora Kabuto is an accepted alt. It gave me the medal(gil?) icon too.
Question. Does it have to be the Storm Private’s Bliaud? Or do the ones from the Immortal Flames/Twin Adder count?
FYI : Kabuto of the Blue does NOT work
Velveteen bliaud didn't count :(
Racing Chocobo Mask worked as well.
The chicken head does not work.
The easy 80pts only gave me 78 pts then i proceeded to goof it up myself until I ran out of attempts :(
Thank you for posting these reports :)
Thank you for this!!
Weathered Slops from MSQ **do not** work   Reminder that:   * 1 correct gear (Amateur's Slops)  * 2 correct dyes (Rust Red)  * 1 dye of same group (Any Brown)   Will still get you 80!
I think ~~Redolent~~ *Masked* Rose is definitely getting some kickbacks.
May i introduce you to these, to make the grind slightly faster?  https://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/Gold_Saucer_VIP_Card
maybe you were missing equipment in a slot? even the suggestions rely on the fact that you at least have some kind of equipment in every slot available. Just having anything in a slot gives you some points
I got my giant fist and missle, now gimme my giant nier laser beam
We're gonna get Spell in Waiting from Gaia as a generic delay+potency buff mechanic.
Hoping we get the "cutscene ability" >!where emet shot the exarch.!<
- Optimised Ultima (Ruby, Emerald). Maybe it does damage close to Self-Destruct, but on a very long cooldown and without dying.  - Quintuplecast (Warrior of Light). It’s just the right amount of weirdness for BLU, and it would make the opener much easier to execute.  - Limit Break (Warrior of Light). The obvious pick, it gives BLU groups the ability to actually use the LB bars they generate.  - Bad Faith (Hades). Hades doesn’t seem to have many iconic abilities, but this has a distinctive animation and it seems like it would be fun!!  - Divination Rune (Titania). This has a pretty animation and Titania doesn’t have many iconic skills otherwise.  - Spell-in-Waiting (E2N). An interesting way of modifying spells since BLU doesn’t really have anything like that besides buffs.  - Junction (E12N). This could essentially be Aetherial Mimicry except it targets enemies and lets you use some of their skills.
If Titania doesn't let me summon a pet tree, I riot.
I hope memoria misera gets a blue spell. It only exists for the card and the artifact armor so giving out a blue spell would make more people want to clear it. Plus since varis uses a gunblade for that fight I can predict getting a tank spell from that.
Goblin Punch. Nothing else is needed.
I want the “summon train” from the Nier Raid
Terminal Relativity  Serious answer: it would be cool to see Umbra Slash (4 hit tank buster from e10) as an alternative to Surpanakha.
Limit Break from SoS  Have the LBs require role mimicries  Tank would be a giant Diamond Back X Gobskin covering all players. Call it Diamond Skin  Healer would be Angel Whisper X White Wind = Angel Wind  DPS would be Super Sardine.  EDIT: my non meme DPS lb is Holy X Flare = Holy Flare
SoS seems the most interesting. Give blue mages access to the limit break bar. Make the effect change based on mimickry.
So far we only know is the pictured "Winged Reprobation", which locks down Vauthry.  After looking at previous spells the 5\* options have seemed to be:  1: Story boss (This time Vauthry)  2: Raid boss (Something from Eden)  3: Variable (Betting Hades or WoL: Elidibus)  Other than that my mind is super foggy, was there anything really fun, or FF iconic that we saw in Shadowbringers?
Give me the planet laser from E1N. Don't care if its a transition cutscene because I want it.
I will be disappointed if we don't get Goblin Punch from the Hobgoblins in Kholusia. I know they don't have a skill by that name, but dammit, we already missed out from Alexander and Brayflox Hard.  Matoya's Relict could have something from any number of bosses, like the geysers or mudballs. I expect we'll get something from at least one of the dungeon Lightwardens, too – my bet's on Storge's AoEs. The Toad or Imp transformation skills from Dohn Mheg feel made for BLU.  I expect some truly *bizarre* spells from the Weapon trials, like either the magnetized bombs or the cross-shaped sword attacks from Emerald. Titania could give some neat Rune skills. The Primal Redux bosses from Eden... I can't even imagine.  Letting us copy Limit Break from SoS *sounds* plausible on paper... until you realize all the LBs he uses are DPS options. He never uses a tank or healer LB, so Aetherial Mimickry wouldn't work. Plus the only caster LB he has is Black Mage's LB3, and they *probably* won't let us copy that.
The Tickler from Holminster Switch and Ancient Double from Hades Elegy would be nice
I think the most important thing about the blue mage update is that I can throw a fish at Hades now
Give us Titan car and have it work like Godbert’s drop kick
I'm expecting spells that will look fancy as hell, with a bunch that have no actual use outside of the carnival.  Alongside some that have potency and effects identical to previous spells, where you prefer using the older spells over the newer ones.
[Eternal Breath](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbpv_iar1Pc)
Fuck it, Fate Calibration Alpha.
imma say we get 2 spells from SoS  a point blank aoe around us and one with a doughnut, probably gonna have ice and fire elements in it as well and will be working like the chimera spells  another would probably be the claw attack from cinder drift. otherwise maybe updated versions from the eden raid primals that gonna be a bit higher potency and are gonna make the older ones redundant.
Give us Alexanders Time Stop you cowards!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I really want Blue Mage to get Terminus Est from Emerald Weapon solely because I still think it would be very funny if they got it and Gunbreaker didn't  Also Titan Wheels from E4N but the only effect is summoning a unique BLU-exclusive mount  Also a spell from everyone's best friend the cubus. I don't know what attacks it actually does ingame. Make it drop >!the Emet-Selch gun!< I guess
Couple ideas that'll never happen from some of the leveling dungeons:  # Malikah's Well  Censure: The cast time of your next spell is increased by by 100% for each party member. Your next spell triggers an additional time for each party member, centered around their location  Swift Spill: Deals water damage in a cone in front of you, with a potency of 400 for the first enemy, and 50% less for all enemies beyond the first. Additional effect: Leaves behind a cone shaped patch. Enemies standing in that patch gain 50% resistance to water damage (so for maximum damage, go spinny like bucket golem)  Right Round: Deal blunt damage to enemies around you, and knock them back  # Holminster Switch  Thumbscrew: Dash to target, dealing 200 unaspected damage to target and 50% less to all enemies you pass through on the way  Fevered Flagellation: Dash to target, dealing 220 unaspected damage. Applies, and benefits from, Surpanakha's Fury. Shares charges with Surpanakha  Left Knout: Deal blunt damage to enemies on your left. 50% chance action changes to Right Knout upon execution (no points for guessing what that one does)  # Dohn Mheg  Toad Choir: Transform enemies in front of you into toads, preventing them from taking most actions  # The Qitana Ravel  Heat Up: Your next spell deals additional fire damage equal to 120% of the blunt damage it deals  Viper Poison: Places a pool of poison at target location, dealing damage over time to enemies inside it
Light Rampart
I don't mind a few niche utility/gimmick spells for masked carnival and general screwing around, but I want the filler damaging spells to do more damage than the ones we already have. We don't need 220 potency spell set 2: Neverending BLU Boogaloo.   I want BLU to feel like it's getting stronger spells as we level it, not just a glamored spell that hits just as hard as the fucking ARR spells.
Looks like the SB additions were a total of 20 skills (of which 7 appear to be from raid/trials), so I'll try and come up with roughly that number  Overworld stuff  1. Goblin Punch (30p, 50p if DPS mimicry, hits 8 times as hard (edit: i didn't consider triple trident, so making it one damage instance for balance)  if your HP % is lower than the enemy's HP%. This makes it a gain to use over fillers if you're lower than the enemy, but not as good as Revenge Blast if you're below 20%)  2. Gremlin Shouter move (idk the name), filler move, additional effect, applies attack speed slow (and maybe makes your character say 'your face is ruining my immersion' and other rude things like the gremlins do)  3. Pixie Tricks (low chance to hit, turns one enemy into a leafman, is considered an 'instant death' type skill and so raidbosses are immune, also machine type enemies are immune. No idea how you'd learn it, maybe have a book you can interact with at Urianger's house in Il Mheg)  4. Sabotendance (another 220p filler spell, circle around yourself, applies stun)  5. Buccal Cones (?): the move clionids in Tempest use when they eat a leech, does damage to enemy and grants you 'enlarged' for 15sec, making you do x% more damage  Dungeons  6. Aethersup (Holminster): Channeled spell for 5s, ticks once per second ala Flamethrower for MCH. Deals increasing damage over it's duration, and restores MP per tick  7. Heat Up (Qitana): I'm not even going to pretend on this one, I just really like [this user's idea](https://old.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/12ef67o/so_time_to_speculate_what_iconic_attacks_do_you/jfbfps7/), imagine this with Triple Trident  8. Sanctification (Malikah): Cross AOE version, if enemy is in the part where the two 'lines' of the cross overlap, it hits twice (like RDM LB in PVP)  9. Vauthry's Blessing (Mt.Gulg): All of your circle-shaped attacks (both around yourself like Ram's Voice, and around enemy like Choco Meteor) get an additional ring AOE around them, like the final boss of the dungeon, for X seconds. Circle AOE type moves also gain X% damage while the buff is active (may incentivize using a different shape for your filler)  10. Swish-Swish-A-Roo (Grand Cosmos): Summons three puddles in a line in front of you, and a brush to slowly advance forwards, stopping to sweep in a circle AOE when it reaches a puddle  11. Going Berserk (idk the actual name, Heroes Gauntlet): Builds stacks of 'A Bit Berserk' for each spell you cast. Upon reaching 8 stacks, you go fully berserk, causing you to autoattack the closest enemy for massively boosted damage (lining this up with the end of Moon Flute would allow you to do considerable autoattack damage during your Waning phase, at the cost of being able to dodge things, could be interesting)  12. Meat Mallet (Matoya's Relict): Pig. Target a location ala Shukuchi, dive to that spot, does proximity damage to enemies based on their distance from that location. Pig.  Raids and Trials  13. That Innocence thing we got teased  14. Divination Rune (Titania's Cone TB)  15. Ruby Claw (wide cone in front of us)  16. Spell In Waiting: delays all damage dealt for 10 seconds, at the end of the buff's duration, it plays back the damage, taking buffs into consideration at the time of expiration (so it's best to delay your raidbuffs a bit, so you can fit more stuff into them with this)  17. Burnt Strike (Light): Line AOE in front of us, places circle AOE under all enemies hit which detonates 1sec later for followup damage  18. Titan's stupid car for the meme: Gap closer, shares CD with J-Kick   19. Umbra Smash (E10 TB whatever it's called): ST version of Ravana skill basically, shares charges with Ravana  20. Form Ranks (emerald weapon's phantom army): seven line aoes pointing the direction the BLU is facing, that fire three times  and because it'd probably be a crime not to, 21: something from SOS, not any of the summonings or LBs cos they're too much, maybe his 'imbues the next skill with an element' which triggers on the next physical-type spell you cast  and 22: Something from E8 but I don't really remember what's in normal mode, the Mirrors would be cool but they're savage only iirc. edit: the Mirrors are in fact also in normal mode, and so I nominate Mirror Mirror, which duplicates the next skill after 1 second (additional effects are not applied a second time, so no double Nightbloom DOT), duplicate Both Ends or something. It'd be funny to see a duplicated J-Kick, would the Mirror J-Kick to the enemy
AoE spell with 220 potency but 50% falloff lol
Since I never was given the pretty wings from that one boss in Lost City of Amdapor (I think it's in the Hard mode? The one that makes a duplicate of your character), I want the wings from Titania. SO I'm thinking they might steal the in/out mechanic? Or maybe the forward cleave? But PLEASE let me do a lil twirl with big fae-king butterfly wings, I beg of you, SE!!  Edit: I'd also like the ability to summon a line of Garlean soldiers to firing squad my enemies, from Emerald
My heart says Flood Ray, but my brain says Deathly Ray from Amaurot final boss.
I'm hoping for "To the Limit" from Warrior of Light so we can limit break
Titania - They could adapt Phantom Rune as a two part attack like Phantom Kick. Part one dynamo, part two chariot  Hades - Double. Ascians have been hording these time magic spells it's past time they shard. It repeats the next GCD you use.  Ruby - Optimized Ultima. Make it a caster LB  Memoria Ex - I know we don't do Extremes anymore. But I don't want this fight to die, and the Magitek Gunshield at the end of Phase 2 seems like a great choice for a tank LB.  Warrior of Light - Ultimate Combination. The melee LB. Also I guess this boss does cast Hallowed Ground as an LB counter (and a potential Tank LB), so maybe if they wanna make it a little interesting you have to manipulate the boss into casting it if you want to learn it. They could also do something like have the player unable to learn LB BLU spells until seeing the cast "To the Limit"  Emerald - I love Emerald Beam being a nod to the attack from FF7, it's just really complex with waves of concentric donut AOEs married to the rotating laser. It's a lot. Instead they might choose Tertius Terminus Est. Three aoe hits like Triple Trident, maybe a little slower.  Diamond - I don't know. I feel like the normal fight has no real mechs of interest beyond Adamant Purge, but that's got several permutations depending on how the first and second halves of the attack play out. I might choose its column auto attack here as a 220 pot filler GCD.  Eden 2 - Spell-in-waiting is too iconic. I don't know how you program this though.  Eden 4 - Massive Landslide is the iconic ability here because its the exact opposite of the landslide players have come to recognize from the other Titan fights. But I kind of want Fault Line more for the car memes. In both cases, category is sliding the enemies around like a hockey puck.  Eden 5 - Crippling Blow? Fury Bolt into Divine Judgement Bolt? I don't know.  Eden 6 - Hands of Flame. And yes, it does need to launch the target to the moon before meteor striking them straight to the aetherial sea. You should accept no substitutes.  Eden 7 - Uhh IDK. Unshadowed Strike? Does getting murdered by the birds have a name? Maybe one of those would make a good Ranged LB.  Eden 8 - I don't know how you do it, but Light Rampant. More realistically Double Slap  but make it actually hit twice.  Eden 9 - Zero Form Particle Beam. Forget what I said about Eden 7, this is the ranged LB.  Eden 10 - Were there an Eden 10, we could speculate about what they might choose. But there isn't, so we can't. Next.  Eden 11 - Light Binding of Faith? Perhaps the Prismatic Deception makes sense as another melee LB? This boss has like two unique attacks, a raidwide and a tankbuster (which is itself basically Bound of Faith, Light).  Eden 12 - I have no idea. A tankbuster that hits twice? I feel like the junctions are unusable here or they'd have to be turned into something completely unrecognizable. No Terminal Relativity for me....
I'm hoping we get a skill that lets BLU use the LB bar as part of its cost. I am sure there is a potential for one for each role.
Diablo Armament’s schizo laser phase would be awesome.
That looks like winged reprobation. Had a feeling that if we were getting shb spells, that one would be in there.  But what I want is Ultimate Crossover from Seat of Sacrifice. It’s never happening, we’ll probably get something like eldragon dive instead if we even get anything from that fight, but hey I think itd be cool.
I hope we will get a giant or flying robot from Nier. Or the blow up puppet works too. Perhaps the SE building.
I hope we get another movement ability like j kick, except it's you in a tiny little Titan car
Please Marx Smash.
All I want is a powerful Light Rampant spell that does the lightsteeped explosion sound.
Emerald beam bc it was the badass skill Emmy used in 7
shockwave pulsar or bust
Limit Break 4, just to really piss off the haters.
Double from Dying Gasp, and making it obtainable from the Chrysalis too would be neat.
we better get light rampant
lemme turn into a car and run people over xD
I just hope we get some instant heals or tank defensives this time. Maybe let us use the LB bar from a spell from Seat of Sacrifice.
That part where the fat guy sheds himself and he's a different person underneath, but instead its still our same person.
I'm hoping they finally give BLU their limit breaks:  LB1: Mass Pom Cure  LB2: Aetheric Enhancement (Grants all party members the benefit of their own role's Aetheric Mimicry)  LB3: Mass Self Destruct  ETA: Give White Mages Life 3 and this becomes a serious proposal...
Personal hopes: Black cauldron (Hades) - high damage and debuffs aplenty  Titan buggy mode(e4n/s): huge loss never getting this as a mount can hope get it for blue  Vauthry buff(Mt.Gulg) - more damage and makes you glow  Ronkan magic (Ronkan overworld enemies) - just some nice elemental spells with flavour    Just a few on my wish list no idea if we will get them though
We need the most used FF8 Blue Magic: Degenerator.
I want Buccal Cones from Clionid in the Tempest.  So the largest Blue Mage can simply eat the others.
First time I saw the first boss of Dohn Mheg use Candy Cane, I just knew that would eventually be a BLU spell.  I'd bet money on it.
I heard a lot of BLU wanting 'to the limit' from Seattle of Sacrifice to be our actual LB button for a LONG TIME.
I wonder if they’ll give us some way of getting Quistis’ super blue mage spell.  Shockwave Pulsar is ingame now but… I doubt they’d give us a savage spell.  Totem learning would kinda be disappointing too.  Feels weird having the strong blue spell in the VIII themed savage and not getting it though.
Full Summoner rotation pre-6.0
"You draw out an even bigger fish than ever before and slap the everliving shit out of the enemy really hard with it, doing a 20 yalm knockback and completely removing any dignity the entity had before you just hate-crimed them across the face with a wet sturgeon."
Sorry, where is this screenshot from?
I hope we start getting spells that are tied to EX and savage fights to encourage more players to do that kind of content. Right now trying to fill a pf for the Omega savage fights is close to impossible, imo those are some of the most fun fights to take on as BLU but no one queue for them so they just become a pain in the ass to prog when you finally manage to fill a pf after 3 months trying and then you realize that half of the people in that pf are casuals who didn't even look at the guide and don't even have the optimized spells for their mimicry.
‘V
I'm hoping for something like Nova (FFX) or Shockwave Pulsar (FFVIII)
My hope: Emerald Weapon's floating hand-laser.
I would love a pair of abilities that buffs the other one, but share a recast so to make the synergy work you need blu mages coordinating them together
Aetherial gaol for another CC ability
« Eatmylazor » from Megatherion in Amaurote (last boss)
Not sure about "iconic" but I honestly kinda want to see Blu get Exegesis from the 2nd boss of Mt gulg and keeping the randomness of the AOE tile layout too (albeit much smaller obviously). Yes it would likely be a pretty bad spell, but certainly unique enough to be a Blu spell.  Besides that maybe Pure Light from E1N, Subsonics from Batsquatch, Imp Choir from Aenc Thon and Flame Rune from Titania just to name a few others i'd like to see that probably won't happen.
Maybe Titania's fire fist  Emerald Weapon's orbs  Ruby Weapon's claw swipe or the dash  Broken Faith from Hades  The timestopped lasers from The Twinning Expanding Burnt Strike from E11 Driving Frost from E8 The Titanmobile from E4
I hope we can get Flood Ray from Diamond Weapon so we can force the bosses to fuck up mechanics.
Limit Breaker 4 would be awesome
A combo of stool pelt and royal flush
Ruby Ray! It's a cool, bombastic attack that's fun to say.
warrior of light just unlocks a limit break bar for you or your blu mage party xD
Is there a blue mage update coming finally?
Grand Cosmos brooms!
Light rampent
Are blue mages still not meant to be in regular parties?
Verbal attacks from people who want BLU to be a full job. That's pretty iconic at this point. (This is a joke, don't be mad)
Here's the real question: are the "primal" skills going to fill up even more of the required build space for your BLU bar? Or are they gonna share cooldowns with older stuff?
I'm begging you Yoshi P, let Blue Mage use Warrior of Light's LB4.
Hoping for an E10 shadow thing - like it'd give you a shadow and you have to position based off that to make sure the attack hits. Could be from Forward Shadow Implosion, with a shadow visual similar to that E10S mechanic.
Something from WoL is almost guaranteed but i cant decide which one
If the answer to one of these somehow isn't giant scree, I don't care at the moment lmao.
I feel like we might get Auri Arts
So we know if the Hobgoblins’ Goblin Punch works like the classic version? I.E. damage = max health - current health.
I wish they would just just do a balance pass and make it a normal job already i want to play the class but not wasting time when its locked out of everything.
Toy Hammer from Don mheg, complete with squeaky noise, is an absolute must have.
I want the water splash knock back from amphibious talos
Light Rampant - Blinds everyone with gfx, even if you have other's effects off, and when the gfx fade everyone's dead and no one knows/admits why.
Keep in mind not every spell has to be from Shadowbringers either.  That said, I am 99.999% sure Titania will teach us something.  Dunno what, though.
I wonder if they are gonna put the new boss spells on existing cooldowns. My loadout is already becoming pretty overloaded with boss spells.
Another good one from Seat of Sacrifice:  Specter of Light  It would end up just being a BLU equivalent to NIN Bunshin or DRK Living Shadow.
I only want that spell that turns enemies into toads from the final boss of dohn mehg. 🐸
Honestly I just hope we don’t get more “deal x damage in a line” skills. If you’re going to add them, atleast add secondary fun effects.  Having some traits that bring up “bad” spells would be kind of nice too. Like a damage bonus to fire after casting ice since a lot of BLU skills are in tune with elemental damage
I just want them to get a gun from Hades... although the giant wall of arrows would be cool. Maybe pancakes? I just want everything from that fight. I love Hades.
I can think of a couple.  * Exorcism (Tesleen, the Forgiven)   * Candy Cane (Aenc Thon, Lord of the Lingering Gaze)   * Heretics Fork (Storge)   * Divine Diminuendo (Forgiven Obscenity)   * Magitek Crossray (The Tycoon)   * Thunderstorm (Quetzalcoatl)   * Raging Slice (Spectral Berserker)   * Megaflare (Lunar Bahamut)
I'm adding another vote to the pile of Goblin Punch.  Even if its just a harder hitting Sharpened Knife? I'll be pleased. Doesn't need to be fancy. Just seeing my delicate, cane twirling Caster throw a goddamn haymaker will be incredible.  I'd REALLY love to get Bad Faith from Hades as a single target ranged attack where I get to throw purple daggers?  I'd be delighted to get Double as well. I think Liam Galt, at one point, presented a version of the Primals from Eden where they sort of "upgraded" the existing Primal abilities? I really liked that conception.  More than iconic attacks? I'd really love to see them flesh out Mimicry roles and add more role-specific abilities -- More tools for tanks and healers to utilize. I know this may start to introduce a form of power creep, but I like the idea of specific BLU builds for each role with some variation being possible once abilities become plentiful enough.
I don't think even once spell was ever from the alliance raids but it would certainly make them more interesting
I read that as “giant nipple laser beam,” and it was so weird.
If this is all we get from E12 I’m going to riot. I want relativity that provides multiple buffs to the party, or the tank buster.
I can imagine Spell in Waiting working similarly to MCH's Wildfire
For his neutral special, blue mage wields a gun
“I cast gun”
>!btw while you can't exactly match the colors with any of them, there's a few MCH weapons that share it's model. Ghost Barque Revolver (from Sirensong Sea) comes closest to matching color and Pre-Imperial Garlean Revolver(Gubal library normal) has lore appropriateness!<
"Bad Faith" shadow dagger/kunai things.
Would this make Blue Mage a MCH then?
Double cast is an Ascian staple. They all use it.   Quintuple is just him flexing that hard.
E4 Gives you Car. A long dash movement that does knockback to anything hit.
Junction would be way too difficult to do
Hm.  How about Hades's Ancient Double and it removes the cooldown split on boss abilities once or twice.  So it lets you use Wukong and Tsukiyomi together in your rotation for example.
i agree, give us Limit Break and let us do ultimates, cowards
Second Divination Rune, would be the easiest and allow a very visually cool Titania spell!
Judging at the primals spells we usually get. Which most of them are high potency AoEs. Divination Rune from Titania sounds accurate.
Quintuplecast is extreme only, so really unlikely, as cool as it sounds.  They stopped gating BLU spells behind extremes after ARR.
Hear me out, Light Rampant.
Severely doubt they'll let us have an Ultima - that tends to be one of those prestigious spells that reserve for special situations.
Does regular Seat of Sacrifice have Quintuplecast? I thought that was EX only.
>Limit Break (Warrior of Light). The obvious pick, it gives BLU groups the ability to actually use the LB bars they generate.  Learning a trait would be the coolest thing
I really hope I’m wrong, but I don’t feel like Titania with get anything (or next to nothing)
I'd rather have a Titania buff that makes me 300% bigger for like a 5% dps buff   Bigger is better
terminus est hopium
It'd be cool, but also really unlikely.  They stopped gating BLU spells behind extreme content after ARR for a reason. People hated it.  You'd see a lot of PFs on the first and maybe second week. After that? lol good luck getting that spell.  That fight is already hard getting people to join *unsynced*, let alone synced for the spell. Besides, the people wanting the card/AF armor won't be likely to join the BLU parties for it---not only the parties will be synced for 100% droprate, the BLUs will dip out after one clear, while the rest of the people have to rely on rng.
I've never actually run it because of that and would be 100% okay learning it for blu
I said the same thing in a previous "what do we want from new BLU" thread and I still agree - it's a fun fight and doing the quicktime event on a caster could be spicy.  Specifically I think it would be fun but probably way too complex to code and/or use if we learned Gunshield, and the effect of it was affected by the element of the prior spell you cast.  I know that's unlikely though, and I'd be happy even if it was just like the tankbuster or something.
The fact we don't have it right now is a crime.
The goblin mobs in kholusia use it too, will be a shame if we DON'T get it.
"Gaius, you might stand between me and safety for Eorzea, but you have forgotten one thing....  I LIEK TRAINZ"
There won’t be anything from savage
> Super Sardine  It’s just the entire Isle of Ken suplexing the target.
DPS Meme choice aside why not have it be something like Nova from FFX or the SoS LB4?
SUPER SARDINE!!!  <boss resists silence> <spell misses>
> DPS would be Super Sardine.  Barfing Leviathan?
This was my exact thinking, if not a "bar" it could be a super long cooldown LB attack, or something else interesting which as you say changes via Mimicry
LB4
Seat of Sacrifice is gon be wiiiild on BLU
Eternal Breath pls
The Kholusian Hobgoblins *do* have Goblin Punch, you just probably don't notice them using it because it's not cast or anything, just sometimes you'll have "Goblin Punch" next to an incoming damage number.  The trick is what will Gunch be? It can't be "Octuple damage against targets the same level as you" since bosses don't generally have a level, or they're guaranteed to match.
For goblin punch its not like they haven't added mobs to zones just to add BLU spells before. They could easily add a new goblin type with the punch.
Better yet, they could let us copy his no-cooldown hallowed ground with the caveat that you have to bring at least 1 non-blu DPS to make him use it.
"That does not tickle, THAT DOES NOT TICKLE" ~my tank friend getting bustered
[Throw a fish at Vauthry.](https://youtu.be/a9RWIiN2Vy4)
They’re all going to be 220 potency elemental spells with 50% falloff after the first. Trial spells might deal more but they’re primal locked / no more than one kind.
Please look forward to it.
While we wouldn't get the big cutscene, we could totally get a mini version. They even have the animation in the game already, since the Eden mount does exactly that.
It would actually be interesting to have Ordained Stillness and needing to move the boss to trigger it lol
Ahh yeah thats where my memory was failing me, not sure if it will be one of the 5\* spells but for sure SOMETHING is coming from the "Weapon" raids.  The greatest thing in the world that will never happen though, giving us some part of the best fight in XIV (MECH FIGHT!).
oh, what if they give us Titans go-kart as the mount for doing the SB and ShB raids on BLU, similar to the Morbol mount achievement.
As much as I like it, we would have gotten toad choir from Halicarnassus in Deltascape if it was going to be an option.
> Censure  Well, that would certainly bring the Sardine meme to the next level.
People meme about Light Rampant as a BLU spell but there really isn't any way to implement it.  It would have to come from the normal version so there are only the towers and the conal AOEs, the latter of which would make for an incredibly boring skill. And the idea behind the mechanic itself (light that is rampant) is a bit too abstract to make into an actual skill off of just that I think.
They almost certainly won't give us Light Rampant. Probably either Banish or Hallowed Wings. Hallowed Wings seems more likely even if it is really just malediction of water.
Spell in waiting could be functionally equivalent to wildfire, it compiles all the damage that should be done, and does it at the end of it's duration (and it considers any buffs that are currently applied), since BLU struggles to fit everything into it's burst window, this would allow you to Waiting half of your rotation, trigger your buffs late, and have the Waiting activate during the delayed buffs to fit more stuff in. Kinda like how WHM can 'fit 3 more Glares in' because of Misery being equal to four, but only taking the GCD space of one.  E10 could be either shadow clone (mimics the next X spells you do ala bunshin) or the TB (single target version of Ravana). I mean what, there was an E10? Don't remember that  E11 I like the idea of having one of the Burnt Strikes being the move, for example, if it was Light version, it'd be a line aoe that then does an X potency circle under each enemy hit (very good for dungeon pulls). Keep the followup damage low so it doesn't get out of control if there's lots of enemies in the pull  And finally for E12, they can have Junctions, just have them be the AOE shape relating to that Junction. So J-Ifrit would be 'cone infront and behind the BLU', or Ramuh being 'boring circle around BLU'. And Terminal is just Spell In Waiting again, so that's already covered technically. Shockwave Pulsar is a key BLU skill though so I'm wondering how we get access to that, cos we can't force people to do Savage for it
DPS LB: Cosmo Memory  Tank LB: Hollow Armor (or whatever the name of the defensive buff Diabolos Hollow uses)  Healer LB: Rekindle (Suzaku's spell that resurrects her Scarlet Ladies)
We'd need to be able to access Bozja for that and they already denied BLU deep dungeons and Eureka. I don't see them giving BLU Bozja access (plus it'd bust DRS, mettle/cluster farming, dueling and Bozja quest progression in general).  All that being said, it'd still be a cool spell to have lol.
Not sure how BLU would get it though, not allowed in Bozja/Zadnor after all
Anything Nier related would be nice. Id even take Shoot-em-up red orb attacks.
The most recent liveletter.
Sure, let's lock casual players out of filling out their spellbook, why not. That totally sounds like a great idea
You realize that'll just INCREASE the amount of people who go in blind looking to get carried right? And if too many people rage quit, the devs will have no incentive to do that again which is apparently what happened after ARR with the extreme primals (or worst case, no incentive to do anything else with BLU mage because people have apparently lost interest)
gatekeeping the moveset behind savage is a horrible idea. imagine if sheild oath on paladin required a twintania kill.
They stopped tying BLU spells to EX or higher after ARR because nobody wants to do it or enjoys it.
I’ve seen multiple friends make BLU statics and clear the raids
Wat
Yes, the latest developer update confirmed it.
Granted. It's the normal mode version. 220 potency conal unaspected attack with Blind.
You're confusing two completely different Skills.  Goblin Punch is "If your Level = Target Level, then multiply Damage by a super high number"....which because of how Content works in this game I assume it doesn't have that Mechanic though.  The Skill you're talking about had multiple names in the past, although the most common is "Revenge" I think?
We typically get stuff from most Trial fights.   It’d be rad to get a cool new mechanic, but it’ll probably just be “here’s a new deal x damage skill!” Like most of them have been
I feel like putting them in alliance raids makes completing your spellbook outside of the initial patch window, much more difficult. Imagine trying to find 24 blue mages to run a Stormblood 24 man, right now.
There are no alliance raid spells probably because organizing 24 blues would be a nightmare specially in regards to balancing boss mechanics.
This just makes me wish they'd make an adjusted version of alliance raids for unsynced single parties or solo. It'd do so much for glamour farming.
> was ever from the alliance raids  I think you can get both ram's voice and dragon's voice from the world of darkness alliance raids, but you can get those from other sources as well.
Gaia is E2 cause oracle of darkness is only in savage
They can already cast knife, so why not?
Call a Scholar...  ...but not for me!
For the longest time gamerescape listed it as Pre-Imperial Garlean Revolver, is that no longer the case?
>!He does use that spell in the lvl87 dungeon.!< So highly likely we'll get it.
Yes, they all use Double.  And some use Triple. >!Nabriales in The Chrysalis!< comes to mind.  >!Hermes!< when you fight him in the lv87 dungeon also uses Quadruple.  Quintuple is definitely just >!Elidibus!< flexing that hard.
Very true!!
LMAO yeah no we definitely need this one too
in my heart of hearts i know you’re right :(
Also GNB players would riot
Nah, just have it do a random junction effect, like the Libra spell does.
That could be cool too!! I left out Ancient Double bc I thought it might be too similar to Quintuplecast but it’s definitely a solid idea
Oh man I completely forgot it isn’t in the normal!! What a shame :(
We could still get Double from Hades.  But since we didn't get Triple from Nabriales, I doubt we'd get double.
*Optimised* Ultima though, it’s just a generic raidwide in the weapons trials
I mean. Every single other final fantasy game let's you use Ultima.
someone told me unfortunately it’s only in the EX, so probably can’t get it after all :(
I could see that lightning tank buster being used
You mean I can't yell "wet wet wet" on BLU?
maybe the vines they send out on the ground
they also use the skill so there's no way we won't get that one
The 4 hit buster is also in normal mode.
Honestly I just drew I blank at DPS lb so went with the meme choice.  EDIT: Okay, I decided to give it some thought, perhaps a combination of Holy and Flare from Gogo and call it Holy Flare. Or just use SoS LB4.
Nah, it would just be the same Flying Sardine, but it has a tiny red cape with the dps symbol on it
they could make something that's the opposite of survival instinct where it's a once per battle cast that's only doable with 4/8 ppl
Man, I remember losing my mind when I saw him cast LB4 for the first time. That whole, "Haha, I'm in danger"
How are BLU’s supposed to complete seat of sacrifice if they don’t have an LB is one guy supposed to play a real tank and make the process longer for everyone?
How about 'does more damage if your HP percentage is lower than the enemy', so you'd start a fight using it more, and gradually move to a different move as the boss gets lower (harder to trigger the bonus)  and then at a certain threshold, it's better to use revenge blast, so it'd be like, 'above enemy hp%, use filler spell like sharp knife/reflux/whatever, below enemy hp% use goblinpunch, below 20% HP, use revenge blast'  make goblin punch's damage be 30p, and hit 8 times if your hp% is below the enemy's (total of 320, 100 more than other fillers when condition is met), and 50p if you have DPS mimicry (400p total), revenge blast is 500p when it's condition is met so it's still better, thus goblin punch, revenge blast and other fillers all have their place
level checker abilities already exists so there's chance they can do that for gob punch tbf
Given that we already have Diamondback, they'd have to make it a sidegrade somehow. Immunity to damage with no cooldown and no limitations on damage output would render Diamondback completely obsolete.
amazing
There will probably be a few that aren't, like how StB gave us the Namazu triple stab thing a non-trial spell
Oh it does? Neat.   Yeah that was my thought process as well, the glyph pattern on the ground and then the beam.
Ah, forgot that one had already appeared
It's not impossible. They could derive it from the code for Polymorph in. WHM's PvP kit.
The idea behind the mechanic just boils down to: If you build too many light stacks, you explode and take down everyone in the party with you. So if they do make light rampant a blu ability, then it'd probably have something to do with building stacks on a target/multiple targets, and when they reach 4/5 stacks they explode for massive damage and also apply stacks to nearby enemies.
Out of curiosity, as someone who has doesn't savage, what does the savage version add?
They should give us Mirror Mirror so that our entire burst window gets copied 3 seconds after we go into 'lmao you can't do anything because moonflute wore off' phase
In the parallel universe in which E10 exists, I think Bunshin for Blu is really neat. They've never done anything like that before and I would like to see it. Jokes aside, I just disliked 10 and 10S, normal mode was just the same people dying over and over again to shadow clones, and 10S felt interminable even when you killed it early.  I don't know if I can make myself relearn 12S synced for Terminal anyway, especially if getting it means actually seeing it (gross) and having to heal through it (lord, have mercy). It took me like two months to make sense of Junction Shiva. I'm terrible.
Shockwave Pulsar could be a totem reward.
None of the 24 man raids have unique BLU spells, I don't see them starting at nier
The thing is that for BLU there are so many skills that only some are needed for BLU to work as a class and there are some of them like revenge blast that are only really useful in savage content so why not creating a few skills that are only obtainable from there?
hot damn. I might have to reinstate my subscription and play again for blu.
Oh yeah! It was if it was equal to your level it’s a super high damage attack. I know the thing i described was just called ???? In FFV. Going to see what it was in other games.  Edit: seems like it was revenge blast in 6 and ???? in 7. Pumpkin head in 9
> Imagine trying to find 24 blue mages to run a Stormblood 24 man, right now.  Week 1 PF would be full of them.  After that, it'd be next to impossible.
now that's nor really a fair comparison since it's pretty much hard to organize ppl for ANY alliance raid that ain't CT
You don't need 24 blu to learn a spell, just simply be synced. One single blu in a party of 8 for an EX trials learns the spell if he survives the encounter, why would an alliance be any different? It tells you this in the BLU tutorials popups.
Any time it's a weekly target you'll see a couple PFs for it during the week
They're really not that uncommon on weekends, people still do them for blue mage logs. The trouble is getting the ball rolling at the very start but once you get about 6 people the rest of the alliance starts filling pretty quickly, especially if you post your PF onto Blue Academy.
it's BLU - who cares about balance?
I did 24 blue void ark raids it was fun, and also you can indeed learn spells in them. You can learn devour from one of the void ark bosses, the one with the 4 tentacles that slaps down and has the void gates spawn.
Devour can be obtained from Cerberus in WOD
You don't need all blu to learn a spell, just simply be synced. One single blu in a 24 player alliance will learn the spell if he survives the encounter that teaches the spell.
there is no balance with BLU, its why they cant do normal content with the other jobs  ;p
Yeah there are several you can theoretically get *in* alliance raids (the chimera ones are also in Dun Scaith and you can get Devour from Cerberus in WoD and The Look from LotA, at the least), but none of them *require* it.
True. Have we ever had a spell from a Phase 2 boss before?
where?
They have junction... in PvP.
Not recently. They've made it a point to keep it out of players hands after X, and even in IX it was a plot weapon more than anything.      X was the last mainline FF where players could freely use it, not counting a modified version of it the G Warrior has in a single one off solo duty.
Or that big fire hand thing for the stacks might be possible too.
I was referring to the various relativity mechanics which only show up in phase 2 of E12S!
Have BLU DPS LB3 just be Ultima.
I mean, they could also just make it use the LB bar and work as normal, but you could also slap a long CD on it if there are any balancing concerns.
Diamondback probably. Could also use Mighty Guard and Gobskin if more mitigation is needed. Tank LB3 is 80% damage mitigation and Diamondback is 90%.
I think a "combo" action would be interesting for BLU. You can sort of already do this with Whistle -> Tingle -> Knife, but imagine a goblin punch that has 100 potency but double the effect of buffs. The same combo from before would go from an average potency per spell of 225 to 293. It also ONLY works in this one boosted scenario, as dropping one or the other reduces the potency too much for it to be useful. This fits goblin punch's niche of usually being absolutely garbage but also very strong in the one situation where it shines. It also doesn't muscle in on revenge blast's niche, or annoy people if they get healed too much during a boss fight.
The only thing I can think of is that he doesn't use it under 10% so maybe make it not work below a certain threshold? And cost even more mp than diamondback. Like 5k+.
Use it, but it requires 80% of your max MP.
There will definitely be a few. The "best" BLU DPS bar still has a few optional slots after all. I imagine whoever is building this job once per expansion would probably aim for either one full DPS bar with no room for support (so you have to pick) or more options that can be situationally better.
So basically MCH's Wildfire.
[Pain](https://youtu.be/lSPNQ82Sq4E?t=5)
[There's a fun video that summarizes e8s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=983o9_of6Hg)
Besides of just "more towers and cleaves", it adds orbs, which floats to the certain player and should be intercepted by another. And the main problem - each mechanic adds a stack on you. As soon as you reach certain amount of stacks (4 IIRC) stacks - you explode and wipe the raid.
'Basic Relativity, but you can be any of Long Ice/Fire, Short Ice/Fire, Tank shit or Healer shit' sounds not fun to adapt to on the fly  We should just get 'Lions Rampant: Summons a lion to breathe a cone at the enemy, leaves a puddle under the first enemy hit for 9 seconds' just for the memes
technically speaking Devour has Cerberus in the spell icon
because they also gatekeep spells over the number of total spells you have learned. for example, currently if you want matra magic and dragon force, you **need** to learn literally all of the other spells in the game minus one. if youre missing even just 2 spells other than those 2, you cant have one of your most important attacks as a dps and mitigation as a tank.   there are already 17 spells that are *only obtainable* in 8 man content. add in the fact that when youre in a party for the purpose of getting new spells, its extremely likely that the people youre playing with dont have the super important ones like mimicry or angel whisper.  this wouldnt be some fun challenge. all it would do is make blue mage tedious and raise the already high barrier of entry. you would have no reason to ever enter pf ever again, and you would just use a static for 100% of anything you do on blu.
Its doable you just have to be patient.  24 man blu parties are amazing!
Your comparing how popular a blue mage piece is when there’s no spell to a hypothetical one where there’s a spell. It doesn’t work like that. One with a spell will have higher demand then just the log and therefore would have some increased level of longevity. How much so it speculation but it’s apples and oranges
Enough\_Minimum, That's pretty much the point, sadly. Even if you don't take all BLUs, just trying to organise ANY (successful) synced run is an enormous pain in the tail
I've had success with party finder. Takes about half an hour to fill it. During weekends.
because you can't queue an alliance with a BLU in any of the parties unless you have a full 24 people.
I suppose Cerberus too from CT, the monster icon is a Cerberus head in fact
It can but it is not the easiest way to do so.
That does not change the organizational nightmare that is getting 24 people to do a non-relevant Alliance Raid just so you can learn a spell.
you can learn spells unsynced btw, there's just a chance of failure(higher star rating spells have higher chance of failure) if the spell isn't one specifically required for a blu quest.(mind blast and glower)
No.  They learned doing them from extremes was bad enough, they'd never make it from savage only.
We haven't gotten spells from anything rated Savage, or any Extremes past ARR, unless you happened to get it from there instead of Normal mode, which makes "normal" Phase 2s pretty much not a thing.  If we say "any boss after a transformation", I guess Suzaku's Phandom Flurry counts, and whatever the Mist Dragon's skill is.
It was appearance 2 or 3, but I see now that everything but his endwalker weapons have been removed.
Honestly a lot of Jobs feel better in pvp. Probably because they don’t have to base everything about raw damage, but I still wish they’d Figure out a way to have it bleed over to PVE
Oh wow I never noticed that. X-2 also had it, but I could have sworn it was in XII. I’m wrong, obviously, but it feels so weird to have just assumed it was there. What an odd choice for them to make.
"I CAST FIST!"
I was joking about Terminal which is why I said Umbra was my serious answer.
True! I completely glossed over Terminal Relativity and tunnelled on Umbra Smash.
Such devastation, was our intention!!!
Seat of Sacrifice isn't actually a damage number that needs to be mitigated, it's literally a check by the game to see if you have tank LB3 active. If you do, you survive, if you don't, it kills you. Now, they could change the code so that it also works with Diamondback (which I hope they do), but as it stands now, Diamondback wouldn't save you even though it looks like more damage mitigation than tank LB3.
To be honest, I can't even remotely tell what is happening, but I very much get the point the other poster made about 'pain'.
And, as per my post, Devour is not unique to WoD, nor do people run WoD to get it.
Not true, set it to unrestricted party and also synced party and you can enter with just 3 players if you wanted. You don't need 24 to clear copied factory, you could do it with 9 or 12 BLU. And still there's people who might want the minion or the glam, or maybe a first timer who can't get their queue to pop in DF? It might not fill instantly, but it's not as awful as you think.
I mean it's not that hard, still. Put up a PF, set it so every spot is free space, say it's for glam, TT, BLU, minions, first timers, etc.  It might not fill immediately, but it will fill. Go do some overworld stuff while you wait, crafting relics, tribe quests, maybe gold saucer has some overworld GATEs like Slice or Wind, big fishing perhaps?  Hell, you can go in with only 6 players if you want, just set it to unrestricted and synced party in the options. People have cleared orbonne monastery with only 12 players at MIN ilvl without BLU cheese, you can do easier raids with less players without doing it MINE.
tbf they could sneak in a savage only spell from E4s, e8S and E12s as an extra bonus for the savage achiev
cold fog
ohh my bad, i just can’t read LOL
This could mean that they might be giving BLU a LB to use but it still means you need 8 people OR they will actually have "LB-like" abilities that can only be activate with an LB 1 or more bar but it's treated like an LB3.
Not sure how the mechanic works with PLD's Cover, but BLU has their own version with Avail. If you can redirect the damage to another player and survive, you get a checkpoint after WoL's LB4.
>I can't even remotely tell what is happening  Savage raiders couldn't either LOL  Honestly, Light Rampant is a pretty easy mechanic overall once you break it down, HOWEVER it's extremely difficult to diagnose what went wrong in a wipe because of the bright flashing light and everyone dying instantly. In other raids you'd usually die one at a time and/or it's visually obvious what went wrong, but this fact alone added a ton of extra difficulty to the mechanic.
ye I don't disagree with that, but I wanted to point the humor of having him as the rapresentative for the spell despite the skill being actually used by many enemies
Setting it to unrestricted means you're not guaranteed to learn the spell. Even if you can clear it with fewer than 24, you'll most likely lose people every run who get the spell and then dip out.
Last time when I done that for ARR primals, I leveled ALC from 20 to 80. The best result was 5 out of 8
That's not a bonus, it's a limiting factor on any future ability locked behind having learned X spells.
Setting it to unrestricted but enabling level sync will retain the guaranteed learn rate.  Edit: also, when a spell is learned by any glue mage present, all blue mages get it. Except dead ones, of course, but that's a whole other can of worms.
yeah about that, have you seen the latest TT card achievement? it requires tournament cards, so not sure it will stop them /shrug
How in the world are 3 people going to clear an Alliance Raid while synced?  This puts us right back to the start of the discussion.
which Nier AR are you gonna clear with 3 people synced?
Do you not see a difference in order of magnitude between those...?
It only requires you to place first once in an Open Tournament to get the Phoenix card. It's honestly not that bad. The real trouble starts when you need to buy card packs. That, and cards are locked behind side content. I had to get all the way to Eureka: Hydrotos just to unlock the NPC I needed to play against.
if they made it so Basic Instinct worked if your 'party' is empty, you could have 3 BLUs, one in each alliance party, that are able to trigger Basic Instinct. It's still gonna suck compared to a full group, but maybe it's enough to scrape it if they're all using Tank Mimicry (white wind to sustain?)  Probably not, hence why we shouldn't lock skills behind 24mans, unless there's an alternate source (ie, Cerberus teaches Devour, but you can get it elsewhere too)
Probably none of them. but neither do you need to have all 24 slots filled.
Probably none of them. but neither do you need to have all 24 slots filled.
nope, they are both collecthaton achievements as such it's a fair comparison
Is there an up to date list of duties that can be solo’d? I found one from 2 years ago but it feels a tad obsolete.
Where to spend my levees? I’m at the end of storm blood.  All crafters are L60-70.  Gatherers are 80+ Not fussed about the xp.  Just looking to turn capped levee allowance into Gil fairly painlessly. Preferably not lots of intermediate crafts. Quick & simple are more important to me than max-gil.  Any tips, pls?
I'm currently farming relic weapons, Anima for the DRG and Bozja for RDM. Now I understand the WoL's absolutely devastated look when they saw the tomestones in the Crystarium.  Other than tomestones, are there any resources that I can pre-farm before I reach the stage in the questline that needs them? I'm currently on the "Reconditioned" stage for the Anima (umbrite and crystal sand) and the first stage for Bozja (tortured/sorrowful/harrowing memories).
Do people still do the most recent Ex trials/savage tier in PF? I took a break, I know the next patch will be out relatively soon but I'll probably be leveled/geared before then and wanted to get my feet wet. I guess specifically I'm wondering if people will still create/join groups without requiring duty completion.
I'm new to using retainers; how often is it worth it to update their gear? For example, I have a miner and a botanist, would there be a substantial difference in amounts of mats gathered if they are level 10 but still wearing level 5 gear? Does the discrepancy scale with level? Like, is there less of a difference with a Lvl10 wearing Lvl5 gear than there would be a Lvl30 retainer wearing Lvl25 gear?
I am having a strange issue I just found after resubscribing.     For some reason, of all my hotkeys I have configured, the one using ALT+Z doesn't work. When I edit the hotkeys of the game, and I try to set a shortcut or action to use ALT+Z, the game doesn't register it. If I use another combination, like SHIFT+ALT+Z or CTRL+ALT+Z, the game registers those shortcuts. Any other app or game can successfully register the ALT+Z key.     Things I have checked:   \* Closed all the applications, including Geforce Experience.   \* Disabled all the possible overlays, like GeForce and Steam   \* Opened and closed the game     Any suggestion?
Are there training dummies for healing?  I know in the lore there are mammets that were used for training, but it doesn't look like there's anything in game that works the same was as a training dummy for a DPS class.  I'm trying to move from mediocre Astrologian to competent or maybe even good - but seemingly the only options are trial by fire, or trust runs where the NPC's just don't take a tremendous amount of damage, they're just really slow.  As it seems like a lot of Astro's bigger heals are kind of behind "combos" where I have to mix buffs together - having an easy way to practice that outside of a dungeon run and get a feel for how big the heals are would be really helpful.
Can anyone playing on Steamdeck tell me how do I bind the back buttons (L4/5 R4/5?) to a hotbar? I want to bind it to a shared action like mounting and Sprint but when I tried to assign it, it just won't register.
Is there any functional difference between being off world within my own data center, and traveling to a different data center? Any additional restrictions?
best strat for Lord of verminion challenge 4 cheese? anything can do it under a minute?
When can we expect the next Moogle Treasure Trove to happen?
Can you unsynced guildhests? I’m trying to do the last duty but wait time is over 30min
I'm playing as a bard and sometimes I stumble upon another bard - I'd like to know about how I should approach the songs. I do know that doubling the same DoT on a enemy is a waste (let me know if I'm wrong!), but do different songs cancel each other? Like if someone casts MB, should I do AP? Gotta admit, I can't quite see if the other bard casted their song because I do it automatically, but I'd like to know
I’m sure it’s been asked, but there are tons of posts here.  I’m thinking about ditching the game we will not mention, and would like to start maybe this one.  But this game has been out a long time how bad is it to new people?
For the Island Sanctuary there are only 9 types of Leavings, correct?
I want to confirm my suspicion. There's currently a house plot that is empty during the entry period for housing but when I go to the placard it says it isn't for purchase. Is this because it became available during the entry period and can't be bought until the next entry period or is something else going on?
I saw a post saying that Heaven on High has a 45% chance to drop Raw Emotions on Floors 21-30. Is that exclusively floors 21-30 or do the remaining floors from 31-100 work as well?
I'm just starting the game since not playing since ARR. Going through heavensward msq now. What content is worth doing from a min max perspective? Just do msq until I get through endwalker? Are centurio or allied seals worth getting? I'm looking for the most bang for my buck. Thanks!
Has anyone had problems with ps4 controlers on pc? It use to work no problem when I last played 6 months ago but it wont recognize my controler properly, only the one stick moves the mouse.
I want to get the trophies on PS5 for getting to final stage of Kumbhiraskin and Ophiotauruskin treasure map dungeons. I believe the dungeons are called Excitatron 4000 and Shifting Gymnasium Agonon. I am just wondering, is it really just RNG that determines if you get to the final door? So if you are unlucky you could do hundreds of maps and not reach the last door. How many maps did it take you all to get to the last door of each dungeon?
Does anyone know if there is any NA server that still has a strong Australian presence, or is there maybe a recruitment thread/listing I can look up? Looking to join NA but not sure which server or DC would be best.
Is there any point to pvp teams?
In Party Finder I often see people mention MINE or MINE Sync. What's that?
Hello. I'm trying to do the masked carnivale but I keep dying. I have the augmented lvl 70 gear (ilvl 400). I have materia. I see the videos online and people do a lot of damage and can resist a the attacks but I don't. Idk what I'm doing wrong. I'm trying to do the one called "The me that nobody nodes".
I have a glamour plate assigned to drg. I have new gear for both rpr and drg. I want to remove the glamour plate so that it only displays the equipped armour, no glamour. When I dispel the glamour from the plate so 7 prisms are used whilst as a rpr, I switch to drg and do the same. So the glamour plate is unassigned from both classes. I swap to a different class, say a tank, then swap back to rpr/drg and they have the old glamour plate again!! How do I get rid???? I went to an inn and removed every item from the plate, so the plate is now naked but it's still using the old glamour plate. I do not understand, please someone help me :(
How often should I be upgrading my crafting gear? My miner is lvl 64 but I noticed a lot of my gear is sub lvl40-50.
Mechanically, is there a difference between tank stack markers and standard stack markers? If damage is completely split between targets, the difference between two tanks and eight players is 4x damage. Factoring in mitigation - let's say 40% - a 2-tank stack would still take 2.4x as much damage as an 8-stack. Tanks don't have 2.4x as much HP as other party members, though, so in theory anything that two tanks could stack and survive could also just be stacked normally by everyone.  So... is there a damage floor on the tank stacks? I.e. damage will only be reduced to half regardless of you having two tanks or six players in it. Or could you theoretically ensure that a dps marked with a tank stack marker (because the tanks died) survives by all piling on top of them?
My friend is registering his account. I am on NA and he is on EU. He registered his SE acc on one of the EU countries, the launcher asks him to select region and language.    Question: will the steam codes bought on eu country work on his SE acc if he chooses NA region once asked by launcher?
I’m returning to the game after a while but I never got super far, what’s the easiest DPS job that’s efficient that I can main?
I'm not sure I understand the P5S R5 macro "G1 N/W, G2 S/E": there are only 2 crystals setups and both times you just go west/east, right? Don't remember going north or south
Trying to unlock the Anata beast tribe from SB and I just finished the  :"Honoring Family" quest but the “The Rose Blooms Twice” quest isnt showing up??
So I have my classes on two hotbars that I have a macro for to hide but when I change classes the hotbar with my "battle" jobs/classes reset itself. I noticed that when I switch between jobs in my other hotbar with my crafting classes nothing changes or resets but on certain crafting classes the other hotbar would then populate but not on others. What is going on?
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays at the end of shadowbringers 5.0?   >!It plays when the camera fades away after talking to Graha. It’s Eternal Wind from FF3 I’m pretty sure but its a different version. If anyone can help me find the name of it, I’d greatly appreciate it.!<
If I made an alt and wanted to get them access to all the housing wards as fast as possible, what advice would you give me? Because I’ve already made two, and Kugane and Foundation seem incredibly far away story-wise.
US Server for more Spanish or Latam?
I have a Macro to turn on/off a couple of my extra hotbars so they aren’t on my screen during instances.   Is it possible to add the Gil, inventory and Main Menu (7 red buttons) to that as well? If so, what would I need to type for the macro to work? I tried “/Gil display” similar to the hotbar macro but it didn’t seem to work. Wondering if it’s possible. I’d assume so since they can be turned off manually like the hotbars but I don’t know.
Are the sublime materials only useful for the watter otter fountain?  Feel like I'm missing something that they were put in the game for 1 synth and demand seems to be alot higher than you'd expect for 1 furnishing
My FC is at an impasse.  We currently have Lavender Bed 17 as our fc house.  I like the plot a lot.  But on this round of lottery Mist 20 is available.  A group of people want to bid on Mist 20 and a group wants to stay at Lavender Bed 17.  How do you guys feel?  Do you prefer Lavender Bed 17 or Mist 20?  Just curious on some opinions.  thank you
For the Change of Arms Shadowbringers relic weapon step, is it possible to do the Crystal Tower raids unsynced or will it only count if it's done synced?
How does BLM compare to SAM? Maybe I'm bad at it, but I find SAM to be one of the harder jobs to play, not because of the basic dummy rotation (that'd be NIN) but because of having to adjust it compensate for melee downtime, plus having to deal with casts. I imagine BLM is that but dialed up to 11? How much harder is BLM to play well?
I just realise something odd despite quite trivial. how could someone be online on friend list but not on cwls on the same server?
Can I somehow organise my skill bar during pve content like how it is in PvP? I want to have e.g. my basic combo all under "1" and the skills just replace themselves as they go, must I use macro for that? Or is there some other way?
Can blue mage use mage weapons from other mage/caster classes? AFAIK no, but I would like to confirm it please.
Starter or Complete Edition? do you get anything special from complete as someone new? or can i just get starter and get the rest when I reach them/on a discount later
Apparently most of the nice glam is obtained through crafting in ffxiv, only I don’t know where to start since I’ve never really been into DOL/DOH. What should I do?
Hey! Free login again! What's the events that might be good for a returning and casual player like me? Last time I played, I just finished the main scenerio of ARR and made some missions from the ending of the year events.
Anyone know if you can play male/female viera on trial account, have a couple friends trying game out and cant remember if you can or not
How likely is it that a moogle event occurs during the free pogin period? Is it worth waiting to find out?
My paid subscription just ended why didn't i get the 4 free days they announced days ago ?
Hi how can I make a macro using the warrior gap closer "onslaught" and Saying "Thunderclap and Flash: GodSpeed"
how do ppl play on a free trial account while owning the full game?   Don't tell me you can't coz all those bard bands do so..
Hi everyone!  Quick question, I'm getting back to the game after a long pause, I'm level 90, I have my ShB relic and I was wondering if it was safe by now to put it in the glamour dresser or if for some reason I need the ShB relic for the Endwalker one or something like that?
What’s the most active and friendly server for NA? I’m completely new to the game. The last MMO I came from was fairly toxic and dead.
Which furniture is best for preventing ppl from seeing through my suspended ceiling.  I found out that beds can do just that, but is there a better option?
Run heroe's gauntlet 20 times as smn. caster coat drops, I roll need, everyone roll greed - someone else gets it!? Can cus. support help me out or am I supposed to suffer through it yet again?
ARR: Nearly everything. Only LotA, WoD  (ST can, but you need 2 people to get in) can't be soloed. Guildhests can't be do unrestricted, not sure if really soloable though, but probably.  HW: Everything but WCOM and DS. VA requires 2 people to get in.  SB: All dungeons, all normal 8-man raids, all 8-man savage except for 2, 11, and 12 (P2 can be soloed though). All normal trials except Susano and Yojimbo (but the latter will be soloable almost certainly after 6.4). All EX trials except Susano, Tsukuyomi.  ShB: All dungeons. Normal trials: Innocence, Titania (w/ echo), Emerald Weapon, Diamond Weapon, Ruby Weapon Phase 1 only. All normal 8-man raids except 6-9. Delubrum Reginae w/ WAR and proper actions.  EW: Initial Lv 90 dungeons w/ WAR. P1 and 2 (if you get brought in).  I think that's everything.
everything in ARR/HW that isn't an alliance raid or a guildhest is soloable  a8s can be a bit of a pain in the ass but all of it is 100% doable as a solo player  sb/shb gets a little trickier, there's a few ex primals & savage 8-mans that cannot be done solo whatsoever, but all dungeons & normal primals (save susano and some of the shb ones) can be done  endwalker doesn't allow for truly solo stuff and won't until 7.0
Dungeons up to level 80, possibly further with a tank.  Some level 70 trials can be soloed, some can't due to mechanics, eg. Susano's sword strike.  Level 70 raids are doable, mostly, but take ages.
For pure leves -> Gil efficiency, CUL is almost always the way to go due to the typical lack/low amount of crafted mats. I'd say look at the highest level CUL leves you can do for your level/story progress and pick which works best for you.   Since you're at the end of stormblood I believe that would be Doman Tea due to only needing 1 very easy crafted mat. And of course make sure it's HQ crafted when you turn it in for double rewards
Other than tomestones, white scrips (both crafter and gatherer) for the crystal sand, although these days you might need crafter scrips for gripgel, and I think that's about it.  The resources for resistance weapons are tied to the quests, so you can't gather them in advance and you can't keep gathering them once you complete the quest.  What you *can* do if you plan to make several resistance weapons is keep a quest in your log (for instance by starting another relic) and farm the associated resource as much as you want. There is one that you can earn in the daily leveling roulette, for instance; I made a second weapon, progressed up to that quest, and just passively farmed it until I had enough of that resource for several other relics. There are also two quests (last and second to last) whose resource you can get by running Delubrum Reginae, so it can be a good idea to have one relic on both stages at once to kill two birds with one stone.  For your first resistance weapon though, don't bother waiting, just progress. There are two one-time grinds waiting for you on the way, and they will take time. The sooner you start them, the better.
Ex trials, yes, because of mount farming  Savage might be harder to find parties that aren't "Duty Complete required" because most people are just looking for their loot
In NA at least extremes are done through PF yeah. Might struggle getting a party with how late things are though.
They do, I still see some prog/learning parties. They take a little longer to fill though. Quality of the groups can also vary a lot so it can be hard to make meaningful prog.
On NA/EU data centers, all EX and Savage fights are done through PF, regardless of if they're the most recent or not.
Don't worry about it that much, just update it every now and again. Once you get to 50 you can just give poetics/scrip gear and update it every 10 levels.
you can just give them gear at lvl 1, 15, 30 & 40 if you wanna keep them at max! they’ll level suuuper fast though so you could probably just do 15->25->40 to save money  heads up HQ gear only matters for gatherer retainers, and only the gathering stat will matter then! you can do NQ for cheap until lvl 50 though for either class of retainer. gear will only matter more past level 70 so that you can get better drops
If you can babysit them several times per day, you only need a level 1 weapon and have themmdoingbwuick exploration till max which is when they can just wear your old gear.
Quick Expeditions give exp based on the level of the retainer.   This means that their gear doesn't matter, they'll gain experience at the same rate regardless.   If you can do 4 quick expeditions a day, you will level faster than doing the 18 hour expeditions, and do not have to worry about gearing your retainer till Max Level.  The items they bring back depend on their gear, however.   Combat Retainers want gear that have high ilvls, while DoL Retainers want high Gathering (Perception does provide bonuses but is probably not worth bothering with)    This allows them to go on harder expeditions if you're trying to gather specific materials, and allows quick expeditions to bring back "better" items.
If your item level isn't high enough, it'll prevent you from doing the higher levels of exploration but that's the extent of my knowledge.
Are you perhaps using a keyboard layout that is qwertz? Sometimes games can struggle with the fact that z and y are swapped.
> trust runs where the NPC's just don't take a tremendous amount of damage, they're just really slow.  Double pull for them.  > As it seems like a lot of Astro's bigger heals are kind of behind "combos" where I have to mix buffs together   No, the crit buff from Benefic is a trap.  Avoid Benefic 1 unless you're synced below Benefic 2.
If I'm trying to get more comfortable with a new healing job I'll just go pull a big group of at level mobs and let em hit me for awhile. It doesn't replicate healing a group obviously but it gives you something to heal.
I play almost exclusively on the deck, I can help! My suggestion would be to bring up a regular hotbar (Hotbar 1 for example), specifically not the cross hotbar you'd use with a controller.  Now, put the actions you want onto that hotbar's slots. After that, tweak the back buttons on your Steam Deck so they match the shortcut keys for those slots. When you're done, just hide the hotbar, and your hotkeys will still work like a charm!
You need to assign those buttons a binding in the steam input config since the game has no native support for them, and then set that hotbar button to whatever binding you gave the back buttons
Hm... this is just off the top of my head so it might not be helpful, but perhaps you would be better off trying to remap those buttons through the Steam Deck interface into buttons that FFXIV would recognize, and then creating macros for them?
If it's anything like controller, I think macro 99 is the only one that works on the sticks? Sorry, don't have a steamdeck but figured it was worth a mention to try.
You can't use free company chat, cross world link shells, PVP team chat, or fellowships while visiting a different data center.
I think FC chat gets cut off entirely, and there might be something with linkshells. Everything else is the same though.
FC chat and retainers (i think the latter at least)
I personally do Hildibrand, but there's probably numerous others than can do it as well.
Use the dogs
since the patch is late may (23rd or 30th), 4 weeks prior to that would be around 25th at the earliest if patch is 23rd, if they want to run it (they did skip 1 patch of moogle tomes)
They usually put those in as something to do after all the content for a patch has come out, but before the next patch is ready.   We will probably not be getting one before 6.4, since it is coming out so soon.   This puts the next possible one (Which they may or may not do) about 4 months away.   It depends on if the 6.4 content (BLU) has enough going on in it to keep people engaged all the way till 6.5, or if they need an event to fill the gap.  But really, they use it to fill gaps when development slows down, there's no guarantee we'll ever see one again, since they've started to get their feet back under them.
I’m asking because I’m currently in queue and I’m afraid to leave
You cannot.
i was in your position just a few days ago but i finally got it to pop. i queued the duty as SGE and it legitimately took me 117 minutes when it finally popped, on Aether prime time. tried PFing, didn’t fill. i didn’t think about asking for people’s help in NN, but that’s a good idea to try
>I do know that doubling the same DoT on a enemy is a waste (let me know if I'm wrong!)  That's wrong, doubling up on your own DoT is a waste but your DoTs do NOT interfere with anyone else's  > but do different songs cancel each other? Like if someone casts MB, should I do AP?  To be honest, in situations where you'd actually even encounter this, it doesn't really matter all that much. Yes, your songs will overwrite each other, BUT only the party buff part so only one buff will be active at a time. You still want your songs going because of the personal effects (e.g. MB giving you more Bloodletter procs)  In harder content like savage, you're only going to have one Bard in the party so this becomes a non-issue
Ignore them, just focus on your own songs and rotations. DoTs stack.
>I do know that doubling the same DoT on a enemy is a waste (let me know if I'm wrong!),   That is indeed wrong. You can't stack multiple instances of *your own* DoTs, they just get overwritten, but multiple instances of the same DoT from *different people* stack without issue. Old Bard and Summoner would have been near unplayable in Alliance raids (where you're almost guaranteed to have multiple of the same job, especially back when we had fewer jobs) if they couldn't stack – they already suffered from debuff caps, but this would have been a whole other magnitude of horrible.  >but do different songs cancel each other?  They do, but don't worry about it. Just use your songs like you normally would. You'll be constantly overwriting each other's songs, yes, but there's no downside to that as you each have 100% uptime on them anyways – if one of you waits for the other to run out of songs to start singing themselves, they'll just *not sing ever*. ^(Below 52 you wont' have full uptime, and in that case I guess one of you might delay a song into the gap left by the other, but it's honestly not a big deal.)   What's important about the songs is the benefit *you* get out of it, in the form of Bloodletter refreshes, haste, and Pitch Perfect. Even if the party buff is lost to overwriting, that's secondary anyways, you can still get your personal boost.  You *do* want to stagger your uses of Battle Voice and Radiant Finale though. Those also don't stack, and you don't have full uptime on them.   Even that's not a huge deal though, as you'll only ever see double Bard in content where your damage doesn't matter that much – any halfway serious Savage raid team will be locked to one player per job.
1. Your dots stack. They are different instances of damage and tick separately. Use them.  2. The songs do overwrite each other, you can’t have 2 songs on at once. People sort of get the song from whichever bard is closest to them. But you can just ignore that bit. Your songs are part of YOUR rotation, the buffs they give to party members are secondary. Do your song rotation as you normally would. Just try to stagger your 15 second buffs (battle voice and radiant finale) so they don’t overlap with the other bard.
Songs don't stack the buff but you still get the personal bonus so just pay songs the way you would normally  Also, your DoTs DO stack so always use them  Basically you play the same way you normally do, just try not to use battle voice at the same time since you can stagger then
Thank you all for your answers! I'm surprised about the DoT stacking, I was sure I heard that somewhere, good to know (and good that I always ended up using them anyway because of being used to it)
It’s good for new people. The game assumes it’s your first MMO and lobs tutorials at you. People respond favorably to “Hi, first time” in a duty and don’t get mad if you mess up. The game gives you a sprout icon to mark you as a new player; keep it on, as it indicates to older players that you’re new and might mess up even if it’s not your first time. Other players get a bonus for being matched with you. GMs take reports of harassment seriously. MSQ dungeons in 4 of the 5 expansions can be done with NPCs if you want (and the missing one is coming).
The thing that I think it might be valuable to add in is that while this game (unlike WOW or any other MMO) has a very long main story quest and therefore a relatively higher barrier to entry (compared with some of the other MMOs), once you reach endgame the game does not forces you to stay. All of the endgame contents, including difficult raids, crafting, solo deep dungeons and so are all really optional and even if you do these it's not gonna consume your 24/7.   There's been a healthy amount of people who only sub because of somethings - like story, or raids - and they unsub in between patches after they are done with those things. People play a lot of different games off patch. It's not a game that will take all of your time.
Just want to chime in from a practical standpoint, all players are rewarded for doing old content, and we're rewarded extra for doing it with new players. If you haven't played yet it's hard to explain the system in a way that makes sense, but just trust that whenever you go to do early game party content, you will have no trouble finding people to run it with you.
The only "bad" thing (in heavy quotation marks) is how ***much*** story you need to do to catch up to endgame content. However, when you do get to endgame catching up is ***really fucking easy*** so you really don't need to worry about being "behind" or anything...plus if you like stories then you'll be fine with taking your time and all  There are always paid skips but you'll still need to play through the most recent expansion story to hit endgame
So the big wall for new players is that playing catch up will take a while. The game places a huge emphasis on its mandatory story, and this story spans hundreds of hours across all the expansions  That being said  1) the story itself is a major selling point for a lot of players, so we encourage people to slow down and enjoy the ride  2) the game has systems that funnel more veteran players into older content so that your queues are never super awful as a new player  Just don't expect to rush to endgame like other MMOs
As a brand new player myself the experience has been very smooth thus far. About 10-15 hours in and while the start is slow the game is immersive and slowly spoon feeds u systems as u progress..  From what I hear though the main story is a requirement for end game stuff and can take hundreds of hours to complete
Correct.  Egg, Horn, Claw, Fleece, Fur, Milk, Fang, Feather, and Carapace.
If a house is demoed, either automatically or via user choice, or the house is relocated, it will NOT become available for purchase until the next lottery period, if it occurs during a lottery period.
the remaining floors work as well, and are actually a higher chance, they're just increasingly difficult
You could be doing tribal/beast tribe quests. Only the ARR beast tribes are available until you finish the 3.0 story and then you can unlock the HW tribes, same for SB and ShB and EW. They’re like daily quests, but it takes a few weeks to fully complete one tribe’s quests.   After you do the SB story, I can’t say too much because it might be spoilers, but there’s a questline called the “blank” reconstruction, which you might want to look up to see how to unlock it, it requires some ARR quests. But it takes several weeks to finish.  If you do crafting or gathering at all, then custom deliveries is another thing that I think you can unlock once you finish HW and they’re a fun little thing to do that will take a few weeks to finish.
Only min max i can think of is doing side content to get more cutscenes/references in the later expansions (you do a fight, character says "remember when we did that fight?" later I'm the story). Otherwise, every new raid release complete resets endgame progress with new crafting and tome gear so you can't do anything wrong to hurt your progress.  Centurion and allied seals specifically are mostly either for glamours or if you want an easy way to get free teleports to save gil. For side content, id recommend doing all normal raids, alliance raids, and trials as you finish an expansion because it's a nice change of pace to MSQ but once again completely optional. The stormblood raid series however was specifically recommended by the developers to complete before endwalker for the story.
You'd have to be very unlucky to not get a single full clear after 100 maps, but it is possible. I would guess that I got a full clear of the Elpis maps about once out of every 30-40 maps (about a 50% chance in a full map party of 2-3 each). I think the Kumbs were a little more frequent than that, but not by a whole lot.
It is indeed RNG. It's a coinflip every time you proceed.
Minimum Item Level, No Echo. These are settings you can add in the Duty Finder settings menu that make the duty more difficult. Minimum item level = your gear gets reduced to the lowest accepted item level for that duty. No Echo = you don't get the Echo buff when you wipe.
Minimum ilvl no echo  So you get synched down to the lowest possible ilvl for that duty and get no echo buff
Masked Carnivale is primarily a series of Puzzle fights.   Most other fights are just about hitting your damaging buttons and not standing in the bad.   Carnivale fights are all about knowing exactly which spells to bring, and how to use them, to accomplish the unique objective each fight.  Blue Academy has [a series of youtube videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwoUDU76Ht5vu24Ea9YRLaw3geFRJ0Okz) breaking down exactly what spells you need for each fight and how to complete them.  So if you get stuck, that'll help.
Are the videos from before Endwalker came out? Because there was a stat squish making all numbers smaller at 6.0 launch.
Glamor is a persistent thing. The look isn't being applied because you swapped to the gearset, it was applied *and stayed on* from the first moment you chose to glamor the gear. When you dispelled the reaper glamor, and then swapped to dragoon, the glamor was reapplied to the gear, because it is tied to the gear itself, not the plate. Remove the plate linked to the gearset (or just remove the glamor on the plate as you say you did, unlinking the plate is just easier to do)  and then dispel the glamor on the gear.
It depends on how you're leveling your crafter/gatherers.  For gatherers via Diadem, you only really need to upgrade once everytime you hit the appropriate level for a new material, and only to ensure that you have 100% chance to gather it.  Once you're there, you're good to go.  I think that ends up being about every 20 levels?  Crafters are similar, although usually when you get a new craft you can only get to the minimum turn in value, and may need to upgrade again \~10 levels later so that you can turn it in for maximum value.    Although levels 20-50 tend to let you just use the same gear throughout, which is why the Restoration is such a good place to level  If you're leveling via any other method, every 10 levels is the good rule of thumb.  At level 50 you unlocked the ability to pick up the quests for Collectables, which will allow you to earn Scrip (White/purple currently, although the colors change every expansion) .  Those quests start in Mor dohna.  That can be a good source of experience, an also leveling gear, as starting at level 60 (ish) there are full sets of gear you can buy for scrip, which tends to be easier than gathering the mats and crafting a full set of gear yourself.
While leveling you can just use scrip gear and upgrade every 10 levels.
I believe those only reduce damage taken by the number of people supposed to be in them.   So a 2x tank stack marker will deal half damage if 2 people are in it, but not be reduced any further for 3.  It does not work like a traditional stack marker that splits the damage evenly between all targets.  You CAN stack it on the whole party, and there are actually strats for P8S that make use of this for LB Generation, but it's not a good idea.
Off the top of my head, most tank stacks that I can think of are programmed to only target 2 players, so stacking more people inside wouldn't do anything.
Tank stacks normally only target a specific amount of players, so it won't spread beyond 2 or 3 no matter how many people stand in it. Along with this, remember that tanks have a natural damage resistance trait (tank mastery), so DPS and healers will take more damage. However, if you unsync a fight like END ex 2, you can definitely have a mnk survive a tank stack with some shields and mitigation.
All copies of the game as well as time cards are region locked.  You can, however, play on any NA, EU, JP, or AU data center, regardless of the region of your account/game. The only ones completely separated are the Korea and Chinese versions.
No. Codes are region locked. Set up an EU account.  He can still create his character on NA to play with you. Account region does not limit you to just that region in-game. It’s for real-world stuff.
Reaper for brain dead melee  Summoner for brain dead caster  Dancer for brain dead ranged DPS.
SMN is by far the most braindead job in the game, and will remain that way for roughly another 13-14 months at the very least.  RPR is a distant second. It's still braindead, but it's maybe monkey-banging-on-a-keyboard braindead, instead of my-pet-rock-can-literally-play-this braindead.
The Topaz crystal can be East/West or North/South focused on either side of the line.
You can wind up N/S on that section just as much as you can go W/E.
Did you also finish "The Honest Truth"?  There're two quest chains that you need to complete
Have you also done "The Honest Truth"?
Sounds like you have a shared hotbar. Check that in Character Config and uncheck the bars you don't want shared.
Could just use different HUD layouts, unless you're using those for different things already.
If it sounds like Eternal Wind it's most likely "Eternal Wind (Shadowbringers)".
Arbitrary access? Story skip.  Specific access? Befriend characters with houses there and use estate teleportation.
Behemoth on Primal. Lots of Spanish speakers there.
/hud gil   /hud igrid    /hud mmenu
there is but its slightly different. https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/playguide/db/text_command/be2b72ee3f6/
I feel it would be simpler to create a separate hudlayout that has everything you want hidden hidden, and then use /hudlayout X to switch between them  https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/playguide/db/text\_command/59be6c9708b/
It's for both otter water fountains, both the outdoor decoration and the island sanctuary decoration  And demand is high because  1) it's cute  2) the only way to use the materials is through expert recipes, which means that unless you really know what you're doing, chance of failure is high
I would take the beach-front Mist property over a LB property. Having said that, your first home in the game can feel like a home. Years and years ago I moved my FC house from medium Mist plot to a Large Mist plot and the newer house has never felt like home. I often check to see if I could move back to my old medium plot and give up my large plot because I liked the medium plot more.
I used to live at Mist 20, and I do love the beachfront. However it's annoyingly far from the market board.  You should also check how you feel about your neighbours. My neighbour at the time was an FC with a furnishing that made noise, and it really got on my nerves after a while.
it has to be sycned, i think every step has to be synced
The challenge with BLM is not only dealing with casts but knowing a fight well enough to know where to stand or place your Ley Lines. When you are on BLM, you are effectively a turret that does not want to move. It becomes difficult when you need to do a mechanic or move out of an AOE if you didn't plan accordingly.  I have friends who like to learn a fight first on RDM/SMN then switch to BLM when they know it and how to plan around mechanics. I also have a friend who just progs savage on BLM. I would say BLM is more difficult than SAM (from personal experience) just because playing it well means knowing a fight well enough to plan and knowing how to slidecast. The rotation is easy enough but playing it well comes down to how well you can plan things.
Does the friends list say they're in an instance? If you disconnect while in an instance the friends list will say they're online in that instance indefinitely until they log in again or there's server maintenance.
No, you may not.\*  You CAN make a macro, but Macros can only be set to wait in whole numbers of seconds between actions.   So you could have your macro do an action every 3 seconds, or every 2 seconds, but not every 2.5 seconds.   This decreases your damage significantly.  There are 3rd party tools that port over this functionality as well.  I don't personally use them, but have heard decent things.   They are a ToS Violation, and while it's unlikely you'd get banned for such a begnin thing, they would be justified in banning you for doing so, so go seek them out at your own danger.
All weapons are job-specific. The game determines your job/class by your weapon (plus job stone for jobs) so they can't be shared at all.
No
For a new player, complete allows you to play as Viera/Hrothgar from the start, you can level past level 60, and you can pick up all the expansion jobs when you get to the appropriate levels  But for story purposes, you need to play through the starter edition content first regardless since the expansions are done in chronological order, and all changes made to the game are applied to ALL versions of the game. So in that case, you could just buy the Starter and wait for a sale on the expansions (you only need to buy the most recent expansion to get the rest of them)
General recommendation is to start with the Free Trial. It has some restrictions (mainly social and inventory-related, but PvP is also blocked because people were abusing trial accounts to cheat), but all the same content as Starter Edition (base game + first expansion), and you don't have to pay the subscription until you decide to upgrade out of it. Good place to start.  Past that, what you'd need to "have everything" is Starter Edition + the latest expansion (currently Endwalker), which can be bought as one bundle in the form of the Complete Edition. Complete doesn't have anything that Starter + Endwalker wouldn't have, it's just a bundle purchase, and should be the same total cost (unless there's a sale on one thing or another). So you can buy Complete to get everything at once, or segment it into Starter and Endwalker at different times, but it should cost the same either way.   Only things having Endwalker would enable for you as a new player is access to the expansion races from the get go (you get a free race change potion from the story, so even if you start with the trial or Starter, you can switch to an expansion race later for free if you want to), and access to expansion jobs once you hit level 50 (and 60 and 70). Other things will only start coming into play once you get that far in the story.
Barring any sales, the  Complete is exactly the same as the Starter + the latest expansion (currently Endwalker)  Sales may vary though.
Complete is just Starter + Endwalker in one package. There's no difference between getting Complete or getting the two separately, so if you want to buy Starter now and wait for a sale on Endwalker later then you can.
Anything craftable is buyable on the market board. Just get it there and save yourself a lot of time and money.
Easter event I believe is still going on for a few more days   https://na.finalfantasyxiv.com/lodestone/special/2023/Hatching_tide/gkonsy0g3l
The Easter event is the only time limited event, and is worth doing.  Starts in Gridania at the Amphitheatre.  Each expansion has 3 main pieces of side content, but ARR Is Weird.    The Trial Series (3 trial fights, tied together by an overaching story) is just a part of the MainStoryQuests, so continuing the MSQ will get you there.   The Normal Raid series (\~12 fights tied together by a story) is Coils, which doesn't have an easy mode.   When you finish future expansion, I'd highly recommend checking out their raid series, but for ARR you probably should skip it unless you can find a high level person to carry you through it for the story.  Thus the only piece of Side content that I can recommend is the Alliance Raid series, "The Crystal Tower" (3 24 man dungeons tied together by an overarching story)    That should start in Mor Dhona somewhere, and is pretty fun, although the design is a little rough and future ones will be better.  Other than that, just playing through more of the MSQ should be pretty entertaining, as you're almost over the less interesting parts of the main story and starting to get to those Juicy Bits.
You can only own 1 house/world/account.  But on a single world, the same account can have:  1 personal house, be a tenant on 2 other personal houses, be a leader of an FC with an FC house, have a FC room in said house, as well as own an apartment.
You can have one personal house AND one FC house per account per server (ie: if you have a house on Siren, none of your other characters can have a house on Siren of the same type but could on, say, Faerie).  Furniture does not get shared between the two.
You may only have one House.  You can have multiple residences (via FC rooms, Apartments, or tenets) but your furniture can only be in one location at a time, and the furniture inventory of each location is separate.
You can pick up your own furniture (hell, even other people's furniture if you're in an FC and have the permission, or your tenant places furniture in your house) and place it in another housing area you own, but it cannot be directly traded or marketed once placed.
You can only have one house. But you can ALSO have an apartment, AND an FC room, AND be a tenant on up to 2 houses. And you can move furniture between houses, items are bound to you, not the house. It has to be manually because storage space for each house is separate. You can’t put an item in storage in your apartment and take it out in your house for example. The only things that won’t transfer are fish inside aquariums and mountings and paintings in frames.
No, both Viera and Hrothgar require you to own Shadowbringers, which is not included in the trial.
Do note beating ARR does give a free fantasia so you can switch to them as soon as they buy the full game.
No, you need their expansions as far as I know to be able to play Viera/Hroths
Those events run 4 weeks prior to the patch typically, which would place it around April 25th at the earliest if the patch lands on the 23rd...and the 2nd if the patch is on the 30th....so if it runs then it would land in the period
Given that the free login period is until May 8th, that 6.4 is confirmed for late May, and that moogle events last for 4 weeks, the odds are 100%.
Cause you need to have an inactive sub for at least 30 days as it states on the page
Please don't. Seriously.
Unless you are in a party of friends, keep the rp outside of duties.
If you go through with it, using /echo will make the message only show to you in chat :)
If you're going to go through with it anyway, you may want to know that Thunderclap is the name of monk's gapcloser, and Flash is an old PLD skill.
You can't...on that account. But all those bard players? It's called having multiple accounts that don't own the game, thus can be on the free trial if they wanted to forever.
You can make as many accounts as you want on PC. The standalone client doesn't have to be linked to anything like Steam has to be linked to a Steam account and PS has to be linked to a PSN.
By having a free trial account *entirely separate from* the account where you own the game. If your account has the game license, that account can't use the free trial anymore, ever, under any circumstances. But there's nothing stopping you from making *multiple independent accounts*, which can then be on the free trial.
Don't need the ShB relic for EW or anything like that. If you don't need the ShB relic for the stats for 80 ultimate's then go for it
Unless they recently changed something, it can't go in the glamour dresser
You can buy a level 1 relic glamour item, which you can then put into the glamour dresser. You can't put your actual relic in it. Iirc you can get it in bozja.
all relics are independant of eachother. however if you had the stats on your relic set up for ultimates you should keep it for now as the same is not yet possible with the EW relics
Most NA servers are pretty much the same, especially with the ability to visit other NA servers freely  Our servers are clumped together into data centers, of which there are 4 in total for NA  Primal, Aether, Crystal, and the newly created Dynamis  When you play instanced content, you pull from every server in your singular data center, and we have the ability to also visit other servers AND other data centers in our region  Crystal DC does tend to be where the big RP community tends to congregate, and Dynamis is newer so you do have to accept that there will be longer queues (but you do get other new incentives for joining a new server e.g. the road to 80 exp buff and more player housing availability)  But other than that, there isn't a lot of major difference between servers
You'll be automatically partied for instanced content with anyone in the same data center.  There are bonuses for choosing a server on the Dynamis data center, but they're kinda dead because there are less servers on it and they're new. If you did pick these servers, you might need to use the Data Center Travel feature to travel to a more populated data center for some instances.  Other than that they're all pretty even. https://ffxivcensus.com/
Any of them are fine, you can get some bonuses if you choose a server on Dynamis though.
I'll be the one to give a biased answer lol. I've been on Primal/Excalibur since I started and people are pretty awesome here :) Plus we're pretty active
The biggest object which does that is the indoor coy pond.   It has a huge camera collision box that'll keep cameras below where you want the ceiling to be, and are fairly thin and thus easy enough to hide.  They're also really expensive to craft/buy, so beds may BE the "better" option depending on your budget.
The Support Desk won't be able to help with this unless you can provide ironclad proof that the rolls are really what you thought they were (and maybe not even then).
This is awesome! Thank you!!
Wait, how do you solo Suzaku EX? I tried a while back on WAR (during current tier, so with 610-630 range gear) and iirc I got nuked by some mechanic during phase 1
Thank you.
Thanks. I knew that letting those particular currencies overtop was stupid, but like a kick in the nuts, the real pain came delayed.
Oh yeah I know, I'm just asking if people are still making groups regularly.
Thanks very much to you and everyone! Very helpful tidbit about the gathering stat, would not have assumed that was the case, cheers!
At higher levels (non-savage, I'm very casual) how valuable is the stuff like Horoscope -> Benefic 2 -> Horoscope?  Is that required or is it ok to worry mostly about DPS buffs and just stick to the basic heals?
L4/5 and R4/5 aren't stick buttons, they're separate buttons on the back of the device
To add on, you can join CWLS on the destination data center, but you'll lose access to them when you visit a different data center.
You can't even use retainers if you're on your data center but off your home world.
Wind up gentleman takes more thàn a minute which isnt that bad. Their skill takes too long to charge i think right?
they said late may for 6.4 which isn't that soon.
They're always a month before the next major patch. 6.4 is late May so we can expect one to start near the end of April. It's definitely not too soon.
if you're having trouble getting the queue to pop, I advise you to try:  1. Queuing on prime time 2. shouting on limsa for help 3. Ask on NN for help  guildhests aren't the most popular content, so it's a bit trickier to find people compared to the other duties.
That's what I thought. Thanks.
That's not true. You can unlock beast tribes midway through their specific expansion. HW included.
The custom deliveries bit also isn't true, you can unlock it as soon as you get to the town, just need any crafter/gather at 60.
Thanks. One more question. It seems like some of the expansions introduced epic/relic weapons. Are those worth doing? Or did they basically get powercrept by Endwalker stuff?
Those are the videos I've been watching. That person does a lot of damage. I barely do any. I'm frustrated.
No clue. But I looked up another video and that helped. I defeated it. I was sweating bullets and it's cold today.
thanks
Honestly reaper looks sick, im not a fan of Summoner or Dancer though just from the looks.
Oh I guess not I honestly thought I had but I see i'm still on Drawing a Blank. It was in my journal.
Oh so its not on the official soundtrack? I guess ill just listen to it from youtube then, thanks!  Edit: Nevermind found it! Its from the arr soundtrack. Its just called Eternal Wind
The friend idea is bloody brilliant, but what do you mean story skip? Like just skip all cutscenes as I get to them and progress as fast as possible?
True, Mist 20 is unfortunately sandwiched between two other houses.  Both 19 and 21 would be much better.
lol i dunno how could this game has such feature
I see, thanks a lot. I don't think I'll try my luck with violating ToS, that's too bad because the PvP skillbar is super convenient imo
I can’t access that for…certain reasons.
Ohh no :( thanks
I was going to bind it to a off bind and use it in palace of the dead. I thought it would be funny  It would be hella annoying as a primary bind considering how often its used
so if I make free to play account and log in on the full game I could get free to play right?
>however if you had the stats on your relic set up for ultimates you should keep it for now as the same is not yet possible with the EW relics  Not really necessary at this point. Any weapon that's at least ilvl 605 will max out stats when synced down to TEA or before
ty so much :3
unfortunately the most I have are chat logs which don't specify the roll type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4oCtttOPFE
Some friends and I were doing EX3 just last night as a practice party; only took five minutes to get the three members we were short. People are definitely still joining these.
You need enough gathering to reach the venture breakpoints, but perception will affect stuff like how many items you get. GP does not matter for retainers. Combat retainers just care about item level.
You can use Horoscope and buff it with A Helios ***before*** the tank pulls, which gives you a free 400 pot heal that should have roughly 15ish seconds left until it auto pops when they finish pulling which does help buy you time waiting for your star to grow enough. Otherwise in casual content it's just a small and free 200 pot heal or something you buff with A.helios when the boss isn't targetable, cause damage in non high end content is pathetic as shit and all your other tools easily cover it all so you won't need to actually use the buffed version in casual content unless you're using it in the stated situations
1. Do what you need to do to heal 2. But avoid using a GCD to only heal if you can. 3. If you *can't* do damage to anything, healing GCDs are fine (unless they run you out of mana)  In other words I never use Horoscope for anything but the free tiny heal, and almost never use Neutral Sect. But I will use them during downtime or if I *really* need to in a dungeon.  At a high level, AST has enough off-GCD heals to *almost* never need a GCD heal in a dungeon.
Outside of savage it's very nice but not needed unless the party is really messing up. Horoscopes advantage is it lasts 30 seconds and you can pop it on demand regardless of where everyone is for a quick heal. Also horoscope procs off of the aoe helios heals, not the single target benefics
I'm aware. The macro on 99 is special to work on controller sticks, however. That's what I was saying. It might be put to the same purpose for the back buttons. I don't know, and I can't really try.
Correct.
every expansion has them, and all but endwalkers are purely for looks now
Basically becomes pure cosmetics. The newest relic is technically a min max in super rare occasions. Basically, if you plan on doing ultimates, a relic can give a 2% damage bonus, but even this is basically powercrept by current weapons. For example, the level 80 ultimate should theoretically have the endwalker relic as a minimal best weapon, but it's not necessary and will most likely be matched by a savage raid weapon later on due to how level sync stat capping works.  In terms of current expansion, it will be a downgrade for anyone that has raid weapon until ~6 months after the last raid tier is released.  Tldr: Relics just look nice and can be fun if you enjoy the grind aspect. Only time it's actually good is the patch before a new expansion or if you don't raid.
Most of that video he's only using Electrogenesis which only hits for around 700 damage (his first few hits crit for 1k)  He's in Healer mimicry so he doesn't even get the bonus crit/DH that a DPS mimicry might get.  He also uses Bristle before casting the DoT (Song of Torment) which causes the boss to take additional damage over the fight.  The boss gets a Vulnerabilty Up debuff when you kill the adds near it, so you want to make sure they're near the boss when they die, which should increase the damage you deal significantly.  Depending on what spells you've learned, you can be bringing a LOT of extra damage to that fight as well.   That boss doesn't seem to have any resistances either.   Those fights were added when the level 50 BLU was added, so your gear shouldn't matter, it's being ilvl synched down.   I'm not sure there's anything specific you could be doing that would cause you to do so little damage.  Maybe you could describe your exact approach, what spells you're bringing, and how much damage they're doing?
Are you using the same spells on the same target as the video shows? Cause your spell selection and the correct mimixry is basically everything about BLU... having your primal spells (eruption, shock strike, Nightbloom, j kick, glass dance, Quaser, Phantom Flurry and stuff like that) for your burst window in Moon flute and off guard massively boosts your damage and just generally using good spells (rose of destruction, mantra magic if DPS Mimic and if slots allow), like maintaining a Bristled Song of Torment while you do your nuke spell (getting the correct elemental weakness helps boost damage) and you can finish most things off with a buffed Final sting (whistle, off guard, tingle, moon flute etc)
Ah, I forgot about the ARR version. Yeah, that sounds more like the right one. Eternal Wind (Shadowbringers) is from the Death Unto Dawn soundtrack.
No, if your goal is to get in there as fast as possible, then buying a story skip is the fastest.
Instances like dungeons are on different servers than everything else. The regular world server doesn't know the status of your character while you're in an instance. It only checks your status the moment you leave to enter an instance (so it can display what instance you're in on the friends list), and then it updates again when your character returns. If you disconnect inside the instance your character hasn't returned home yet, so as far as the world server knows, you're still in the instance.
If you're on the free trial you're limited to what's able to craft from level 60 and below, and most of those, besides vendor gear you could just go buy with gil, are going to be made with rare materials, and require a recipe book.  You'll be able to get the recipe books I and II at level 50, by crafting a specific high quality item for each book. At level 60 you can get books III and IV from white scrips which are earned by crafting collectibles.
Then you start by going to the various quest givers for the different DOL/DOH classes and learning them. You can do that on the free trial.
Wouldn't be used at all in PotD, you get level capped at 60
You would have to start over with a new character on the trial account, but yes, you could have both a trial account and a full game account.
Free trial, not free to play, mind. Very different things.   The accounts would be totally separate and could not be combined. You would be entirely limited to what the trial can experience. It might need the free trial launcher instead, but I'm not sure.
with the relic you can get extra points in another stat (max for TEA is 467 per stat, ShB relic can apparently have 1182 substats, so that's two maxed stats and a chunk of a third for TEA) which gives an objective advantage over a synced 605+ weapon which would just have two maxed stats.
Actually they do. If you roll need you don't even see the greed rolls. What it sounds like happened here is you rolled greed and didn't realize, and just lost the roll
Oh, I see, just invuln the phoenixes. Derp. Idk why I just assumed that wouldn't work and didn't even try
Sorry - I was thinking of the right spell but got the name wrong.
In older ultimates, relics actually do retain their advantage. This doesn't apply to the EW relic (yet), but once you can spread substats on a relic it's better than higher ilvl regular weapons, because you lose less to sync. The ShB relic is usually still BiS for old ultimates for that reason.
I'm gonna try again. I might have missed something. Thanks.
I am. I actually tried doing the final stink in Bombe-dy of errors and I just died and failed. I ended up killing the boss by spamming protean wave. I guess I'll keep trying.
I appreciate you answering me
Oh! I’m not dropping cash for that… I see what you mean though
ye i know free trail limitations, 60lvl,chat restrictions.. perfect account for afk in limsa.. xd
believe me, my eyes didn't not deceive me. I was the only caster in party so only I should have gotten it with need. Maybe it happened because I insta left as soon as I rolled?
As someone who just speedran this like last week, you can get access to Ishgard housing in about 55-60 hours of playtime. Kugane's not too much further than that either. Maybe only an extra 3 or 4 hours.  It's up to you if you want to take like two or three weeks and grind it out.
Oh then yeah it was that. If you leave before everyone rolls on an item, then you are no longer eligible for the item and it effectively treats it as passing  This is why you have to wait around until the item actually drops into your inventory
suspected as much. Such a shit system... Guess I will have to suffer yet another 20 runs of mind numbing spam
I mean, you can't get an item if you aren't in the zone, just gotta be a little patient. Same if you hate the content, don't do it. You aren't being forced to do it
this looks amazing!
Kool did you do this yourself or was it commissioned? Either way it looks great!
Cool art! Looks like a tough pose to draw but you did it!
Thank you! <3
Thank you, I drew it <3
