 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I thought it was weird how they made that throne room walk a heroic moment. Vaemond was right lol. But yeah she is very incompetent.
This situation was quite outrageous. I mean, after gaining power, the greens started attacking her son. And it was against the law. If Viserys does not come, then Corlys will restore justice. Rhaenyra has many allies even if she does nothing. Otto killed noble people because they refused to recognize the usurpation.
You are disregarding the fact that she is a women trying to break norms in an overwhelmingly man’s world. And she’s asking for her dad’s help, unlike Alicent who has to provide sexual favors to a pervert like Larys
Shows her incompetence. I also find it extremely weird how the heir to the throne could stay away from KL for six years. I would expect her to be present at Aegon/Helaena’s wedding, to present her sons by Daemon at court etc
The writers royally fucked up by trying to whitewash Rhaenyra and vilify Vaemond.  In the book Vaemond's killing shows that, Rhaenyra and Daemon wont stop at anything to protect her claim, which makes Alicent paranoid about her kids. In the show no one believes that and Alicent had to misunderstand the King.
It is against the law to sire bastards and attempt to place them in the line of succession to the driftmark throne they have no right to.  It is also against the law to try to place said bastards on the throne without legitimizing them first. She didn't even try to disguise the fact that she was literally have children with another man besides Laenor, this post merely recognizes that fact
So first you talk about Rhaenyra needing a man's help in an overwhelmingly patriarchal society, and then criticize Alicent for needing a man's help in an overwhelmingly patriarchal society?
Also, why didn't you address the fact that she sired 3 bastards (obviously) without being discreet?
>!In F&B, she is banished/exiled to dragonstone for marrying Daemon. Even still, they visit from time to time.!< It’s weird that the show changed that.
yes exactly, I don't know why they didn't show the conflict being 2 sided
I didn’t criticize Alicent. Alicent was seeking and getting help from Otto, Larys, Cole, Aemond…
good point, they should have showed that Viserys wasn't comfortable with it
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If Daemon seriously thought Otto had a hand in his father's death via appendicitis, I'm pretty sure he would have murdered him.  And I don't quite think Viserys was actually accusing him of murdering a prince, he was accusing him of being happy for replacing Baelon as hand. There's no way Viserys would thank Otto for his service if he suspected him of murdering his father.
More than likely, the faith conspired to kill Baelon and probably succeeded. Because the Hightowers are based in Oldtown the same as the Faith, maybe Daemon thinks they are one in the same, as Otto did benefit from Baelon's death. It looks like the hightowers and Faith may have looked after one another.
If daemon even had a hunch he would have murdered him, no fair trial or anything, he would kill Otto the moment he didn't have guards. Viserys would still let him go
Viserys was at he very least going, "isn't that an odd coincidence? *wink* *wink*" but I agree, I don't think it was a serious accusation. I think he was just lashing out in anger and looking for someone to blame.
Oh, I've heard theories about the maesters plotting against the crown, but not really the Faith. Why do you think the Faith would have plotted to kill him? A group that's still anti Targaryen exceptionalism, or something else?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Episode 6:  Harwin mentions taking the kids to get a dragon egg before they arrive back to Rhaenyra’s quarters. I would show this.  ~ 3 minutes  Keep the scene where Daemon tells his daughter’s about their mother’s death. ~ 3 minutes  Episode 8:  I would make Jace’s studying scene longer and more intense. I would emphasis that he had been going at it for an insanely long time. I would also make his studies more complex than just learning High Valyrian.  ~3 minutes  Rhaena and Luke scene on dragonstone just being normal, sweet kids. Maybe they’re waiting along with the dragon keepers while Daemon goes searching for the new clutch of eggs and Luke encourages her that this time her egg will hatch. ~ 1 minutes  Add Baela flying off on Moondancer along side Rhaenys and Meleys  ~1 minute  Episode 10:  Keep the Baela and Rhaenys deleted scene ~ 1 minute  Keep the Jace and Rhaenyra deleted scene ~ 3 minutes
I would like more Young Jace and young Luke's interactions with the green siblings when they were friends coz from their first scene it looked like they were kinda close to each other when all of them were teasing Aemond for pink dread.
Any interaction between Baela, Rhaena and their dad. Maybe Daemon could tell Rhaena that his dragon egg from the cradle also did not hatch (he is not Caraxes first rider) and that they will get her a dragon.
[removed]
More interactions with Daemon for Jace and Luke I think.  Do they think he killed Laenor? How did they live with it?  Scenes with Aegon and Viserys. Baela walks around dressed as a boy. Rheyna should get scenes with her sister about how she still doesn't have a dragon.
You've got to find a better way of phrasing that...
What was the Jace and Rhaenyra deleted scene? Love your ideas as well A++
I would have also liked them to flesh out the dynamic more. I got the vibe that Aegon was the ring leader, but what about the rest? Did they always pick up Aemond? Did Aegon and Aemond ever team up against the Jace and Luke? What was Aemond's relationship like with them when Aegon was not around? Heck, what was Helaena's relationship like with her nephews?  There so much character development they could have shown.
I actually did not think they meant to be malicious when the pig was brought out during their dinner with Viserys. It seemed more like boys laughing at their shared memory rather than them purposefully mocking Aemond.
[They were on a balcony watching Daemon train down below.](https://preview.redd.it/rhaenyra-jace-deleted-scene-v0-fs2i6h5m8y0a1.jpg?auto=webp&s=870ba313300ae6bcc4f00b5be65a99f82dd187b4 )Jace was attempting to convince her they wouldn’t be safe if she accepted terms from the greens. I think it was meant to be a lead in to the last war council scene before she sends the boys off were she’s suddenly considering war preparations. It would have set Jace up as someone whose council she takes seriously despite his youth.
Agree. Also I'm fine with them not casting teenager Daeron coz he'll be there in s2 but I would have loved to see a young Daeron (before he went to Oldtown) and I think he would have been the most close to Jace and Luke as compared to his elder brothers.
Yea but I'm not talking about the dinner scene I was talking about their scene in episode 6 when all the kids were introduced to us for the first time.
[removed]
WHY WOULD THEY CUT THAT????
It's just so weird that they didn't even reference the kid. When he shows up, it's going to feel like a retcon. They should have had a young Daeron in 6 and 7, and then mentioned he was in Oldtown during 8.
I see, my mistake. I agree, it would have been nice to see more of them on better terms before things became contentious.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Daemon when he realises he can finally fuck his niece and his wife is dead. Two dubs
I relate to Alicent viscerally
Viserys : “ I wonder why Aemma keeps starring at her like that…?”
Hilarious with the sound effect, pretty much the majority of people's reaction who recognize Daemon grooming Rhaenyra
That makes the part where he laughs even more hilarious
Agreed!!!
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
6 should be Sunfyre.
My wife and I recently added 6 hens to our flock:   3 Black Copper Marans and 3 Green Queens  Obviously with the perfect green and black split we need appropriate HotD names. What say you, reddit? *Edited for clarity. Colored numbers match sides
Number 6 has got to be a Lannister, look at that golden hair. I'll leave it to you if you want Jason or Tyland. Or you could go with names from the main story, like Jaime or Cersei
Alicent for Number 3, looks like they're giving an Alicent side-eye
1. Syrax (Siri)  2. Moondancer (Moony)  3. Vermithor (Vermi)  4. Dreamfyre (Firey) 5. Vhagar (Gary) 6. Sunfyre (Sunny)  My picks, with chick appropriate baby names 😁
5 has some serious Aemond attitude 😂
1. Meleys 2. Syrax 3. Dreamfyre 4. Caraxes (this one looks vicious) 5. Vhagar (this one looks like a granny) 6. Sunfyre
Blacks - Viz, Rhae & Dae Greens - Aeg (egg), Aem & Al (she’s golden)
Alicent, Helaena, Jaehaera  Laena, Baela, Rhaena
>3 Black Copper Marans  Rhaenyra, Rhaenys, Rhaena for the ultimate confusion.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Reading the rest of the article, he goes onto say that he’s waiting a bit more before properly binging it. Saved everyone a click
After what happened to Jaime and Dany in season 8, their actors can take any distance from the universe they want. "Too soon" indeed. I'd still be salty if I was either of them.
bummer
It must be weird because GOT was these actor's identity, and with the way it ended, it must sting. HOTD must kind of remind them a little bit of all the good and the bad.
Except they’re not salty.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't know i just enjoy the character i don't think its as deep as you making it.
Well, this take is going over about as well as yelling "tits" in church.  This is all a matter of personal opinion. You saying he's not cool to you doesn't change anyone's opinion. Other people telling you they think he's cool doesn't seem likely to sway you either. So, what even is the point of this?   Some of the stuff you've based your opinion on here isn't even factually correct to the show plot. The Stepstones stuff in particular is just wild; since when do ancient societies engage in polite, customary battle with pirates/barbarians? Who feed people to crabs *alive* no less?
I don't have the time to reply to everything but how exactly does he have no accomplishments? He single handedly won that war in the Stepstones. His brother was allowing Westerosi ships to be attacked by pirates and did nothing about it, even though the ships belonged to their biggest ally. How is that good counsel?   And why does it matter if he used dirty tactics? It's war. Wars have always been won by dirty tactics. One of the most famous stories of mankind ended with soldiers hiding in a giant wooden horse and pretending to have given up fighting. Daemon's plan was hardly on the same level as Tywin's stunt at the red wedding. It's as unfair and dirty as using dragons.  Also, Otto and Cole did jack shit on Dragonstone. Rhaenyra owned him, not them. They didn't even think about having a dragon on their side before going to face a dragonrider.
He’s cool in my book.
[removed]
Matt Smith is the real answer.
A lot of folks and the general audience consider him a favorite, while some don't. It's ok.
Dude's a joke. I enjoy him precisely because he's such a cheap by-the-numbers antihero that doesn't realize how pathetic he comes across.
He seems more whiny and annoying rather than cool. Second half of the season all he does is smirk and act sassy. Matt Smith is cool though so he carries the character.
He is a 50 year old throeing tantrums like a teenager, so no
Daemon has many flaws, but I think that doesn't mean people can't like him. He is pretty badass with Caraxes and given how he dies, he goes out like a straight badass. As far as team black fans overvaluing him, I completely agree that he is overrated and not a good person. Many of the things they criticize Cole for, Daemon does much worse or the same. I think it is just a matter of people being hypocritical, and then those fans make Daemon even more annoying than he already is at times.
He’s a groomer but he’s not a pedophile. There’s no indication he’s attracted to prepubescent girls.
There’s a reason Daemon is the fan favorite. People literally do not care for those crimes you listed in your essay, it’s all fiction anyways.
I mean i feel like all my points are valid, and most people i think have reasons for liking certain characters, pardon me if am surprised that someone who in my eyes has done so much wrong is a fan favourite.
I absolutely agree this is a matter of personal opinions, but opinions are formed by reasons, i just want to know what do other people see in this character such that he's so popular that i do not, in my eyes he's done so many awful things. Wouldn't you question someone if they told you that their favourite character is Joffrey or Ramsay?  I gave my reasoning on why i didn't like his " achievement " on the stepstones and that's cuz he broke customs of war, you can choose to ignore it, that's your perogative
I pretty much mentioned all my reasonings for why i don't think he has any accomplishments till now atleast.  1) he lost to cole 2) he failed as a commander in the stepstones war despite having 2 wars and was losing it for years till viserys decides to send help and that's when he was like I'd rather use underhanded tactics compared to getting help for Viserys. You can feel fine about him using those methods, i personally didn't, i explained why as well. Customs are there to be followed for a reason. 3) rhae did own him i agree but i laughed quite a lot when Otto pretty much told him that he's acting like a child, that he's so desperate for attention that he's gone this far, that the king wouldn't entertain such mummers face, to banish his whore and when Criston told him that he may remember when he put him down from his horse in the tourney.
That's your personal opinion, i just wish to see what you find cool in him that I can't.
[removed]
Okay that makes a lot more sense to me now. Thanks
Matt Smith is amazing i agree.
No you for sure have good points. Its just there are a lot of characters who are bad but people still like them. Aegon rapes girls, Otto groomed his daughter and forced her to marry a guy 30 years older than her, Cole has bad anger issues and Rhaenyra makes bad life choices all around. Its not like you cant like any character because of there flaws.
>Wouldn't you question someone if they told you that their favourite character is Joffrey or Ramsay?  Actually, early series Ramsey was one of my favorite characters in GoT. He was a lot of fun to watch as a villain/madman until things got so dark that even I couldn't manage to enjoy it anymore. Not everyone find's a hero compelling, and it doesn't necessarily say anything bad about a person's character or morality IRL to like a villain/badboy. Plenty of folks like Freddy, Jigsaw, and Pennywise, and we aren't questioning their morals.  If you find fault in Daemon's Stepstones victory then fine, I'm not here to change your mind. But not liking it doesn't negate it's existence. The man fought what appears to be a guerilla for 4 years with the help of some sell swords and one house before people even started to question his command as a leader. That's not a display of incompetence on any level. There's a reason why Corlys wanted the crown's full support. As to customs, I'm not sure what customs are supposed to have been violated in the context of the show or based on the time period. General rule of combat when fighting barbarians isn't the same as entering into a war today with sanctions and whatnot.
1) So what? Cole's a good warrior, there's no shame in losing to him. Even Daemon laughed about it later.  2) He literally won that war, was named king of the Narrow Sea for it and dirty tactics are a part of the game since the dawn of time. No one ever won a war with honor. Did you find it more honorable when the Triarchy started attacking non-threatening ships and feeding innocent sailors to crabs *alive*? Was that not a dirty tactic?  3) Otto lied about the mummer's farce. The king very much intended to sail to Dragonstone personally before Otto stopped him. Also, as I said, Daemon laughed about losing to Criston. It might have stung at first but he doesn't really care after a while so I don't see how that was "owning" him. It also doesn't change the fact that they were stupid enough to come face a dragonrider without a dragon on their side to balance the scales.
There are also plenty to love about Daemon he wields Dark Sister he chaotic and uncontrollable which makes his character fun. He also rides one of the most fan favorite dragon and arguably has one of the coolest kills in ASOIAF history.
I feel like there's a sharp jump between liking a pedo and liking someone with anger issues.
lol i guess that's where we disagree then, if someone told me they like Ramsay or Gregor Clegane then despite them being fantasy characters i would judge them a bit. also comparing actual human characters to someone like Freddy etc is not a fair comparison in my eyes. He struggled to the win a war against pirates despite having 2 dragons, thats incompetence in my eyes.
1) i never said it's shameful to lose to cole. I just brought that loss up as tally that he's not that good at anything, even as master of coin viserys had to change him cuz he was so bad. 2) he won the war, i didn't dispute that, i personally have my reasons as to why i don't consider it as an accomplishment, he had 2 dragons and the power of velarions behind him and was actively losing the war till he used a method that violated customs of war. I did not find it honourable she the triarchy attacked non+threatening ships and feed innocent people to crabs, that's horrible but because they did something wrong and morally reprehensible doesn't mean you have to as well. Robb stark couldve butchered every Lannister refugee he got but decided not to because that is not the way of war 3) Otto lied about the mummers face, i agree,but he did not lie about daemon being childish and doing this for attention, i just found the whole interaction funny cuz like daemon had a dragon and yet got to hear so much shit from Otto and cole.
same goes with liking a pedo rapist child trafficker drunken usurper.
Hey, you do you. But protip; it doesn't really serve you to ask people why they may like something while also saying you'll be judging them for liking it in the same breath.  1. Why would someone want to share a view with you if they believed they'll be condemned for having that view despite your lack of understanding for their position? 2. If you are judging them then are you really honestly seeking clarity on the thoughts of others, or are you just looking to create an echo chamber of people who agree with you? Which, if you are doing the latter, fine, but be honest about it.  All the best to you with discussion.
I don't get how it's not a fair comparsion. They are fictional, even if it's a demon or a human character, I don't see how that changes anything.  I mean, people like Darth Vader, and he's a mass murdering lunatic that killed like a bunch of children.   Walter White is a meth kingpin that is verbally and mentally abusive to his wife and bombed a nursing home.   The Joker is a psychopathic criminal that is severely abusive to Harley, and commits terrorists acts en masse like he's going out for breakfast and coffee.  List goes on and on. People typically seperate fantasy and reality when it comes to characters in media that they enjoy, and that goes for characters of these sort, and ones like Daemon.  I for one, *love* Grand Moff Tarkin, but if that man was actually real, I would hate him with every fiber of my being.   Just keep in mind someone's enjoyment of a fantasy/fictional character, does not mean they personally endorse the things that they do.
1) How is he not good at anything? He was given Dark Sister, which only goes to the best Targaryen warrior. Cole being better than him means nothing, Cole is a legendary warrior. He was also successful as a commander of the City Watch, to the point that 20 years later he still have support among them.   2) Regardless of what you think about it, it is very much an accomplishment. You not liking it doesn't stop it from being a successful campaign for Daemon.   >he used a method that violated customs of war.  Every single war was violated the customs of war. War is unethical to begin with.   >because they did something wrong and morally reprehensible doesn't mean you have to as well.  Oh yes they should have acted like proper gentlemen and kindly ask for the Triarchy to stop feeding their sailors to crabs. I'm really curious, do you say the same about Jaime Lannister for killing the Mad King? You know, just because the Mad King wanted to do something horrible and had done many horrible things in the past, doesn't mean that Jaime had to do something bad too and kill him! Not to mention that he broke an oath, which isn't the case with Daemon, so his action is actually worse.   >Robb stark couldve butchered every Lannister refugee he got but decided not to  Robb Stark lost the war because he was too honorable. You're making my point for me here.  3) Okay he was right about that. So what? Daemon heard all that and didn't give a shit. His dragon only came out after they drew swords (which happened after Otto threatened Mysaria). He very clearly didn't care about what Otto and Cole were saying to him.
1) "he was given darksister, which goes to the best targeryan" ah yes, daemon had such fierce competition for that, like viserys i want to play with legos targeryan...and....rhae?? 2) yeah i just gave my personal opinion on it, you can choose to think otherwise regards to how he handled to war, but you've not said anything to rest of points like the grooming, sadism, pedophilia, murder etc.  I do agree with your Jaime argument tho, i am not here to fight, if you give compelling argument, I'll concede. 3) he gave enough of a shit to raise his sword towards them.
1) For all we know Jaeherys could have deemed that no one was worthy of it and give it to Viserys to keep it for the next generation of warriors. That's what the Daynes do with Dawn. You also ignored the second part of my point. The one about the City Watch.  2) I only focused on his accomplishments because that's the one that you elaborated the most and the one that I find more confusing out of all of them.  3) He raised his sword after Otto said "Even if it results in the death of your unborn child and its mother". That was a direct threat and that made him lift his sword. Not the insults or the lecturing or the snarky remarks.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You did an amazing job on your drawing
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I love her spiked head, makes her look regal 👑
I prefer the third one though I could see why people like the spiky look
I’d bloody love that second image as a 3D printed model 🤓
Show version is so much better. I love it
I agree, it looks as if she has a crown.
Big Harpy Eagle vibes
3rd one looks cool but looks more like a t-rex than a GOT dragon. But yea i love that one too but just not for GOT
Truly the Red Queen 👸
to be fair the GOT dragons head dose look like T-rex i wouldn't mind if the used this design for diffrent dragon
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The costume designers went all out for this dress
It felt like the birth of a new Alicent, the scheming ambitious powerhouse....  And then all that went nowhere and instead she became a chaotic emotional mess who couldn't make up her mind and had zero ambition.  Such an epic moment that hardly led anywhere. Still one of my favorite scenes though.
I loved young Alicent.
So what was the exact reason she wore the dress? I am a bit confused as to the reasoning is all. Was it to declare war symbolically on Rhaenyra and Viserys when Rhaenyra lied about her maidenhood?  I did love the dress and the music, and of course, young Alicent too.
Princess Fiona vibes
"We light the way" - House Hightower
“The beacon on the Hightower, do you know what color it glows when Oldtown calls its banners to war?” - Larys
She looks like human Fiona from Shrek
The fuck are you talking about? She just crowned her son instead of the king’s designated heir
I'm hoping we will get more of scheming Alicent in the next few seasons, especially now that her kids are under threat. Lowkey expecting Auburn Cersei
Had way better range than Cooke.   Edit: I repeat. Way better range than Cooke.
She was finally done with the Targaryens for the last 3 years she has done everything to be a good wife and loyal to Rhaenyra and her claim. She has been a loyal child bride to Viserys that showed very little respect for him. While Rhaenyra acted cold towards her for years, despite Alicent supporting her every move, only to manipulate her when they seem to close their rift. And then get her dad fired, the one person she could somewhat talk to these last 3 years.  With the green dress (instead of the Targaryens reds and the careful blue's) she is saying she is putting herself, her children and her house first.. instead of the royals that do not appreciate her at all
fiona ran so alicent could walk.
Did you watch the show? She thought Viserys made Aegon his heir on his death bed.
Olivia Cooke is the best part of the show apart from Matt Smith and Ewan Mitchell
thank you for explaining it. Such a great scene to see how Viserys and Rhaenyra looked kind of shocked/intimidated
I respect your opinion. I simply disagree. She was good, not great.
ok, that's fair, but I don't think you can say she is the worst adult cast.
They never said she was the worst adult cast lol. They just said Emily had better range than Cooke, which is kinda true, but maybe that’s the script and direction working against Cooke, who was still really fucking good.
They did say that, they deleted that part an hour ago bro
Forgot to switch accounts?
bro what? You can see they edited their comment can't you? They previously stated she was the worst cast adult. You never even saw the original comment I responded to, wtf are you on about?
Nothing, I see my error, and I’m drunk.   However, my original comment still stands.   Okay, bye, because I embarrassed myself in shame.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Politically, it was a mistake. Daemon would have sided with her regardless, as if he'd really sit out a chance to kill some Hightowers. Marrying Daemon only instantiated her inability to create alliances outside of her imminent family, that and justify the greens paranoia. No way Daemon would let Aegon, Aemond, or Daeron live if Jace was to be king.
Aside from her gender, part of the reason why people are reluctant about Rhaenyra ruling is because she’s impulsive as fuck. Throughout the show she’s shown to pretty much give in to any whim she has whether it’s going into a brothel knowing people are going to see your hair and recognize you, cancel a meticulously planned tour to find a husband, sleeping with a Kingsguard who can’t really say no to you even if he wanted to, and on top of all that lie or double down on anything you actually do that’s wrong. It’s obvious to everybody who’s seen her, Laenor, and the boys that they’re all bastards. She was impulsive enough to have three obvious bastards and naive enough to think that maintaining a lie as truth even to herself meant it was reality. Marrying Daemon only showed everybody that she would always follow through on her impulses— and if the rumors were to be believed— with brute force if need be. I genuinely love Rhaenyra as a character but she’s also really good at shooting herself in the foot. Her being self destructive though makes her a pretty realistic character though
Daemon hated the greens and Otto especially while having some care for Rhaenyra. He was always side with her especially once his daughters were set to marry her sons.   The marriage only worsened her standing in the realm as many didn't trust Daemon near the throne. While she securely tied Daemon to her she also lost Laenor and his dragon
Let me remind those who think it makes sense for Rhaenyra to marry Daemon why Rhaenyra was chosen as the heir in the first place. *To keep the daemon "the mad dog" Targaryen away from the throne and power as much as possible.* Then Rhaenyra married the man who is not tolerated by all the lords and ladies in this political world. This is not a clever move.
It felt like a foolish move both politically and personally.  She was a rare individual in Westeros. She ranks at the very, very top of the social hierarchy. She can personally control the modern equivalent of an F-22 Raptor. A big check in the “might” column. She could take out the entire king’s guard without breaking a sweat. She is one of the most powerful people in Westeros, if not all of Planetos.   And she was one of the precious few people in the royal and noble classes that had the freedom to choose her own spouse. The first time, she chose not to choose for herself. The second time, she chose her violent, universally unpopular uncle who did some pervie things to her when she was young. Perhaps they will give us more insight into why she made that decision in the next season.
From one point of view, yes, Daemon is a dragon rider and wields Darksister, he has years of command experience from the Stepstones and has connections to very influential people like Mysaria and has the loyalty of the Gold Cloaks.  On the other hand, Rhaenyra isolates herself from her closest natural allies in the Velaryons and Daemon is not well-liked amongst the high nobility, he's made enemies of the Triarchy, the Royces, the Hightowers, and undoubtedly more, he's a firebrand, unpredictable and violent, which isn't exactly going to make him well loved.  It's a mixed bag tbh, Rhaenyra seems to think it's worth the trade-off.
The entire reason why Rhaenyra became heir was to keep Daemon away from the crown and then she decides to marrying him, completely removing the reason why she became heir.  Plus with Daemon around Alicent's fears went from somewhat overly paranoid to 100% legitimate. Otto also only starts wanting to kill Rhaenyra after she married Daemon
I understand why she did it but I feel like she kinda did risk her inheritance over this and it was basically never mentioned again. Like on could’ve argue that she was only named to prevent Daemon but at the end she was heir because Viserys liked her best.  So I feel like it took a little away from her claim
It's a mixed bag. I think it was a risk and Rhaenyra took a bet but it paid off in the end.  On one hand, he's the king's brother and was once seriously considered to be the heir. He has a claim and considering Rhaenyra wants to secure her own, combining both their claims is a good move. It also helps that he's very experienced in war, has a big dragon, is feared by enemies (the Greens), can inspire loyalty and can give her legitimate children. Rhaenyra never cared about the legitimacy of her kids but the Strong boys were affected politically.   On the other hand, by marrying him, Rhaenyra risks losing her biggest allies, the Velaryons, with their two adult dragons and their riches and fleet. It gets worse if you consider that they thought she was implicit in their son's death. He's also not the most popular man in the kingdom and is considered implusive and highly dangerous. The fact that their marriage was a huge scandal doesn't help either.   At the end of the day though it didn't matter if it was a good choice or not because it paid off. The Greens would have usurped her no matter what she did, she might as well go along and marry a man who can help her fight a war if needed. Considering >!how Daemon was her biggest asset in the war, she didn't end up losing the Velaryons (largely because of Daemon being the father of their granddaughters) and the fact that their two sons ended up sitting on the throne and continuing the dynasty up to Daenerys and Jon (which also happened largely because Daemon took out the biggest threat from the Green side)!< I'd say it ended up being a good decision.
Laenor was all of this three without giving her sons potential claimants (daemon sons) and she could have married her sons to daemon daughters without marrying daemon
Whether you like Daemon or not, you can't deny the fact that he's a good ally Daemon knows how to read people and he's capable of brutality when needed AND he's willing to die for the cause he believes in if you were part of the Game of Thrones you will need someone like him on your side
100% a good move, because it solidifies the most dangerous man in the realm as her most ardent supporter. Now when people look to challenge Rhaenyra they know that they’ll have to get past the Rogue Prince to do it.   The idea that it is impulsive or somehow makes her unfit to rule just isn’t true. Lords outside of the bubble that is King’s Landing really don’t give a shit about that sort of stuff, because they don’t experience it firsthand.
Nah. If I were a lord suddenly I’d be very weary to support Rhaenyra. Daemon has been known across the realm with a terrible reputation. It was kind a mixed choice of marriage
Great point
Marrying Daemon also made some cracks in the relationship  with her biggest supporters ( Velaryons).
all great points, this is pretty much the embodiment of why I can't stand Rhaenyra. I am impressed that even though you like her, you can still be objective and point out her flaws.
The thing that kills me with Rhaenyra is that she's not even a good liar at that. She tells such blatantly obvious lies that it makes her seem delusional and downright insane to expect people to go along with her obvious lies.
>whether it’s going into a brothel knowing people are going to see your hair and recognize you  That was Daemon's fault, though. He took her into parts of the city that she had never been to before and got her inebriated before taking her to the brothel. He was also the one who removed her disguise so everyone could see. The brothel incident was a scheme of Daemon's making, of which Rhaenyra was the victim. She is very lucky that she even managed to find her way back to the Red Keep after Daemon abandoned her.
> Perhaps they will give us more insight into why she made that decision in the next season.  She held his hand without hesitation after he choked the life out of her. She was groomed. She’s obsessed with him. She’d marry him even if he didn’t have a dragon or war experience. I imagine they’ll continue to show her being obsessed with him to the detriment of her mental health. That or she has a wake up call and there’s a breakdown of the relationship.  Edit: Any Daemyra’s downvoting should admit to themselves the relationship is written to be toxic(there should be no doubt after episode 10) and the show is never going to write them as a loving power couple(which would be unrealistic anyway).
no he was going to kill her regardless
> Frankly, she got more out of marrying him than he seems to have gotten out of her by a mile.  He’d be the most powerful man in the realm if she came into her throne. His children with her would be in line for the throne that he reveres as a symbol of his family’s greatness. He’d be in a position to return his beloved house to its “proper glory”. Do you think Daemon groomed her for the fun of it? A marriage to Rhaenyra was a dream come true after his disinheritance.
[removed]
Daemon would've helped her no matter what, he hated the Hightowers. So I'd say it was a pretty bad decision
And Laenor brought a whole house with fleets and armies of their own along with him. She got really, really lucky that the Rhaenys decided to stick with her and convinced Corlys to join them at the last minute, because the Velaryons would've been very justified to ditch her after their son's "murder".
Not true, he is an unstable violent individual. Attempting to garner support from an individual that is almost universally hated among the lords isn't a good decision
Rh at that time, was 17. She knows her uncle has an interest in her. As Viserys said she has partially blamed for going with him in the night.
When did he express he wanted to kill her before she married Daemon?
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s):  **Rule 8: No low effort posts or comments**  > Low quality posts and/or comments, and the discussions spawned from them, can be subject to removal at moderator discretion.  ---  If you feel this was done in error, please contact the moderators [here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FHouseOfTheDragon). Please include a link to your post so that we can see it.
He didn't intend to stay, even though he saw first hand how bad the situation was with the Hightowers. Why would she believe that he'd help and not choose to sit the war out in Pentos and eat popcorn while enjoying the drama?
It honestly baffling how they just forgot about the main rumoured conspirators behind her sons death.
>almost universally hated  Umm, how is Daemon almost universally hated?  Daemon made many friends in King's Landing, especially in Flea Bottom, and among the gold cloaks, as well as in Pentos. “House Targaryen has produced both great men and monsters. Prince Daemon was both. In his day there was not a man so admired, so beloved, and so reviled in all Westeros. He was made of light and darkness in equal parts. To some, he was a hero, to others the blackest of villains.”
he probably only would have tried to install Aegon, but I don't think he would try to kill them if Daemon wasn't there.
Daemon is more than anything a Targaryen supremacist who cares about the fate of his dynasty. Once a civil war started, there's no way he'd sit it out. He'd pick a side, and it wouldn't be the Hightowers. And this isn't even considering the fact that he's just a person who enjoys killing his enemies.  From the perspective of pre marriage Rhaenyra, I'd actually be very worried about marrying Daemon because it's totally plausible from her perspective that he would murder her first three children. It guarantees his short term loyalty in exchange for an extreme future risk.
I think it was to save face. It also wouldn’t be good to go against your own grandchildren
Good point, maybe I could say most lords hated him instead
in ep 9 he says he was going to kill her to secure aegon claim
>cares about the fate of his dynasty.  He left his dynasty with Alicent Hightower as queen for 10 whole years and explicitly said that he didn't want to go back.   >marrying Daemon because it's totally plausible from her perspective that he would murder her first three children.  Where are you guys getting this from, seriously I want to know. Daemon didn't kill Alicent or her children, which he basically sees as Otto's spawns. He also didn't kill Rhaenyra when he had the chance which would have made him the de facto heir. Why would Rhaenyra think he'd kill her kids?
Well, episode 9 is after she married Daemon.
He didn't have a choice for those 10 years. When a civil war starts, he has a choice.  I'm not getting it from anywhere, it's just my own theory and what /I/ would worry about if I was Rhaenyra. It's also not my main point, just an offhand comment, so we don't need to focus on it tbh. Killing Rhaenyra during the war would be stupid, her faction wouldn't support him. And killing the Hightowers before the war started would also be stupid.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Urrax
Morghul
Morghul, despite having one of thee best names (seriously Drogon wtf) they don’t really do anything so they’ve got to go
Urrax, isn’t it possible he’s just a legend in universe?
Gotta go with Urrax I baerely know who that is
[removed]
Where is Nagga? This is Nagga erasure, I personally can’t wait for Euron to summon Nagga and bitch slap all of Westeros.
Syrax
Arrax. Also, why are the polls gone? Will they ever return?
Urrax
Idk a damn thing about more than half of these dragons but the Cannibal seem's cool so he better win
WTH did Shrykos do? Anyways Arrax deserves to be eliminated for getting Luke killed
Never cared for Tyraxes
Syrax
Syrax
Syrax
Syrax
Syrax
Urrax
Vermax
Tyrax
Urrax
No one touches Queen Alysanne’s Silverwing. On that note, I vote Arrax
Grey Ghost. He literally contributes nothing to the story.
Viserion
Syrax
Syrax
Arrax!
Syrax
Syrax because she is the most unless dragon that ever lived
Viserion
Morghul
[removed]
Y’all can’t get rid of danys dragons we grew up with them dudes
Is this different from the other one?
Syrax
Syrax, get that chubby fatso outa here
Syrax, the piss yellow cow.
[removed]
Syrax, Urrax ,Arrax
Sunfyre - overrated af
If Vermax doesn't win I'll cry
Quicksilver
Drogons winning this whole thing over Caraxes as 2nd mark my words
Urrax
Syrax
Urrax
All my homies hate Urrax
I know, but I needed one dragon to complete the row 😭
I'm pretty sure she'd be able to hold her own against the like's of a horse-sized dragon tho. Can't say the same for someone else on this list.....
Euron Cringe-eye and his seadragon when Leyton Chadtower summons a 200ft tall personification of the Warrior to destroy his fleet and send Nagga back to his wet grave: 😨
Yep.
😭
He dies to a cool dragon along with adding lore to wild dragons
Yo leave my homie Grey Ghost alone. Bro just did not want to be involved in any wars and wanted to just be free to eat krakens and whales...then dickhead sunfyre had to go and eat him :(
Not sure why you’re downvoted. Syrax is almost objectively one of the most useless dragons.
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s):  **Rule 3: Spoilers**  > 1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. > 2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler. > 3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you feel this was done in error, please contact the moderators [here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FHouseOfTheDragon). Please include a link to your post so that we can see it.
I've added all dragons from ASOIAF, I think
She gave birth to other dragons  She's like Alexstrasza.
[removed]
Leyton Chadtower is going to launch orbital strikes from the Hightower.
Seriously, only thing Grey Ghost is guilty of is minding his own damn business.
Syrax is worse than useless.
Oh ok Urrax then. I’ve never heard of that dragon at all
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Beautiful
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bold of you to assume he goes anywhere without it.
You need to always be ready to commit some crimes
First you expect him to go out without his crime hoodie next you'll be expecting him to get rid of his divorce rock. There's just no pleasing you people
For the crimes he’d be doing. Duh
You never know when you're going to need to commit a crime and it's always good to be prepared.
He forgot that he hadn't murdered this one
Because he's always ready for a spousal accident
It'd be really embarrassing if he had to do a crime but he wasn't dressed for the occasion. Better to be cautious.
Which situation would you rather be in; all hoodied up and ready to crime, or really wanting to crime and finding yourself with nary a hood in sight?
The other one was in the wash
Just let Daemon do what he needs to do ok? He’s our special boy.
Crime doesn't wait😂
I assume he always has it handy. You just never know when it might be needed.
If you have a crime hoodie you pack it for every occasion, just in case
It goes well with the divorce rock 💁🏿
He likes to be prepared. You never know when an opportunity to commit crime will arise
My boy always ready to commit a crime
pleasure purposes
Here I go crimin' again!!
His crime hoodie has a serious lack of drip compared to Aemond’s.
It was probably symbolic of his feeling responsible dor her death
Because a cloak isn't synonymous with crime??  His hair was still blonde/platinum during Wifey's murder.  Are all blondes criminals?
LMFAOOOOO
I don’t think we have an exact timeline on how long it was before he proposed this plot to Qarl.
because the man knows himself and he knew once he reunited with his family odds were he was doing some crime
Always be prepared
"get my crime hoodie" "your what?" "My regular hoodie, my regular hoodie, just want to go for a stroll and stay warm, that a crime? No! So...just get the hoodie!"
Dude is the king’s brother. He can get a cloak wherever he happens to be
Swag stops for no hoe
To commit crimes. Obviously.
Murder Cloak
Habit?
He probably takes the crime hoodie and divorce rock everywhere he goes. You never know when you’ll need to have a quick covert divorce.
[removed]
soon they’ll say no choking hands!
Lol divorce rock. I've been giggling for about five minutes cause of that.
When you are doing actual crimes, you need it to be less noticeable.
>Are all blondes criminals?   Yes. Source? Blonde
FunResponsibilit is a BOT.   Report > SPAM > Harmful Bots  Comment partially copied from u/Zealus24: https://www.reddit.com/r/HouseOfTheDragon/comments/12esgco/why_did_daemon_pack_his_crime_hoodie_for_his/jfdcmbd/
Those are the same people who say Harrenhal wasn't an inside job. DRAGON FIRE DOESNT MELT STONE SHEEPLE
Aemond is criminally attractive, and his hoodie reflects that.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I really wish we could have seen more of Baela and Rhaena. The scenes that were cut were probably really interesting. I loved the small cut scene with Baela and Rhaeny's. This scene was great, too. Poor Vaemond.
And I THINK it went on even longer than what we saw. A still was released of Bethany, with Eve's hand on her shoulder. It's definitely still at Driftmark but, of course, we never saw the shot.
"More screentime for Baela? Delete!"
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Leonaerdo Targaryen
She really said 😐
I mean Leo Targaryen is a fun name 🤣🤣🤣 does the policy apply to dragons he only ride dragons under 25.
I wonder if all of Leo's girlfriends have Logan's Run-styled jewels on their palms that turn red and blink once they're 25.
After spending the morning reading about the FBI investigation into Leo back around 2016 that came out of the 1MDB scandal, gdi he's even more of a scumbag than I could have even imagined.
r/holup
I'm a woman in my 30's and Leo was my first onscreen crush... titanic, romeo & juliet, django, gatsby, shutter Island- loved him.   But now, he keeps getting older and they just stay the same age. Ewww Leo.
Haha 🤣 ohhh man lol. My boy Leo. That’s so funny.
This is good
Oh nooo it fits so well.
He doesn’t bed them. I’ll leave it there.
Damn 🤣
Virgin corlys: you gotta marry my daughter bro  Chad viserys: she's twelve
This whole post is kinda gross and it screams "I'm a pedo"
I'm OOTL, Is he dating her irl or something?
😆😃😁🤴🤴🏽🤴🏿
I only have one more year to find Leo and be in a committed relationship with him… my time is running out
Laenardo
It reminds me of The Sims 1 where you could get really bad/dark notifications about what happened in the game and there was only one response option.   “Deepest Sympathy! Bob has just died.”   “OK”
People really talk like this in 2023.
This 😂
Got a link on that juicy FBI investigation ?
Huh?
Honestly his obvious discomfort at this situation made me like him way more.
He dates exclusively young women
In few years, when she turns 16
Change approved.
Laenedys Targaryen
Laenardon
small picture bad!
I'm here for it
Its not that interesting. He was friends with a Chinese dude named Jho Low, who eventually got caught embezzling and since Leo was a known aquantince the FBI investigated him as well
I wanna know too! Lemme know if they send you anything
Vizzy T was the closest thing to a normal person in HOTD
Laenungus Tardungus
That's not even it
It’s still hilarious to me that the people financing the Wolf of Wall Street were using it to commit securities fraud.
YOU WILL ADDRESS ME AS 'YOUR GRACE', OR I WILL HAVE MY KINGSGUARD CUT OUT YOUR TONGUE!
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Rhaenys seems more politically astute. Though in Rhaenyra's defense, she never massacred a bunch of peasants with her dragon.
Book doesn't have enough textual evidence of how great of a ruler.. Rhaenys would be.. But surely she would be much better than book rhaenyra..   In show, I believe rhaenyra is better..
I'm biased because Rhaenys is my favourite character in the HotD series.  With this disclaimer in mind, I still would say that Rhaenys would be a better monarch. She is far more experienced than Rhaenyra, does seem to have a better understanding on how the Westerosi politics work, was able to rule Driftmark in Corlys' absence. She knows to keep her options open and sees through the manipulation that the people she is negotiating with are resorting to. She does seem way more level-headed than Rhaenyra.  Inevitably, many will point out the way Rhaenys escaped from the Dragonpit, killing dozens of civilians on her way. A whole set of debates could be conducted on this single scene, and I have expressed my views on the matter several times already. But in the context of this single discussion, would Rhaenyra have behaved differently regarding the civilians? I highly doubt it. Rhaenyra has never showed any real form of concern towards the population (though to be fair, only very few people have in HotD).
The whole peasants murder is too black of a mark to ignore.   I am convinced that the actress didn’t know what was happening, the crushing of so many people with a smug look on her face is such a weird parallel.
I'm assuming you want us to choose Rhaenys?
I was leaning toward Rhaenys until I remembered the Dragonpit scene. Now I don't know who to choose, lol.
The books give me infinitely more respect for rhaenys than rhaenyra. It's not even a contest
Honestly Rhaenys’ peasant massacre was the single most morally repulsive decision we’ve seen so far and Rhaenys’ decision to then not flame the greens was the most politically stupid move we’ve seen so far.  Imo literally any other character would make a better monarch.
Rhaenys would make a better monarch because she has more experience with Westerosi politics,  is an older and wiser person, was raised by Aemon and also had Jaehaerys to teach her, and has better connections(in book I believe she had the Starks support during the Great Council). She also seems to be way more level headed and not as gullible/ weak willed as Viserys. She wouldn’t have been manipulated by the Hightowers, and I feel like if she did become Queen Corlys would fall in line.   Show Rhaenyra after the time skip seems like someone with a great disposition to be Queen, but she dug herself a huge hole based on how she acted as a teen and she just couldn’t recover from that. Before her kids started dying she seemed to be a decent person and level headed enough to not go straight into a civil war, despite provocation. If Viserys actually cared enough to actually teach her, put her in better positions, and literally not empower her biggest and most obvious rivals/ enemies I believe she would’ve been at least a decent Queen. Jace would’ve been a decent King as well after.   Both Rhaenys and Rhaenyra seem to give 0 fucks about small folk though. If it was a time of peace I don’t believe either would’ve caused enough trouble with them to create dragon extinction riots. Civil war still eventually happens though if Jace becomes King and the dragons go extinct then.
Rhaenys, no contention (I’m not taking into account the incredibly stupid and illogical dragon pit storming scene that the show writers invented). She is much more level-headed and has a lot more experience. Besides, she has Corlys as Consort who is a very capable person, and the wealth of House Velaryon.  I cannot imagine irresponsible Rhaenyra and hot-headed Daemon together on the throne without spilling my breakfast out of my plate. The things they do are laughable. Holing up on Dragonstone for years and then complaining about how the Greens control the court, what a surprise. And yeah, her kids seem like they walked out of kindergarten.
Rhaenys isn't as rash, stubborn or even entitled as Rhaenyra. Corlys could potentially be problematic as King consort as he seems like a different version of Otto, but I think as long as Rhaenys was the one making decisions, I would trust her. Rhaenyra doesn't seem to think about the consequences of her actions so I would never choose her.
“They are grossly unprepared” bro they’re 15 and 14. They’re still learning. Sorry they’re not like aemond who’s more of an anime character than an ice and fire protagonist
> Rhaenyra's sons seem grossly underprepared  with Jace still learning high valyrian and luke learning how to sword fight.  I really hate that the show did this with Jace and Luke. So annoying.  However, they also made Rhaenys a domestic terrorist so Rhaenyra wins by default. In fact, every single season one character is more suited to rule than Rhaenys after episode 9. She slaughtered hundreds just to make a point and didn’t show a hint of remorse. She’s a sociopath.
Both would be horrible so Helaena
I don't think that Rhaenys would maintain the status quo - but she very much understands the way the world works. She'd learn how to get what she wants by using that as a weapon. I also think Rhaenys is a dragon-rider because she enjoys flying, not because she views the dragons as weapons who only serve the purpose of intimidating her enemies. I also think Rhaenys is stoic and steadfast because of her experiences being denied the throne so many times; we can't know how she would have been as a young queen. I definitely think someone who would beguile Corlys Velaryon has to have a great deal of their own charisma to match his!
Rhaenys: “Wow I just killed a whole bunch of randomers…shall I at least make it worthwhile by executing the people who just committed treason, thereby preventing civil war and protecting my granddaughters who are my only surviving descendants? Nah, cba, let the realm burn!”  Rhaenyra isn’t perfect but she’s way better than Rhaenys.
Can we say no and give it to Aemond ?
give Rhaenyra time. She deserves a #girlboss dragon moment /j
Book Rhaenyra had a ton of shitty luck, like an empty treasury, plus several dead children looming on her mind. She did receive more explicit training to rule than Show Rhaenyra, and IMO she wasn’t exactly incompetent. Her mistakes were very understandable to me.
> But in the context of this single discussion, would Rhaenyra have behaved differently regarding the civilians? I highly doubt it. Rhaenyra has never showed any real form of concern towards the population (though to be fair, only very few people have in HotD).  Why do people say this? Are we just going to ignore Rhaenyra’s entire arc in episode 10 or the comments she made at the small council in episode 6? Are we ignoring the fact she and her female servants/handmaids seem to have a strong bond indicating she’s not ruling over them like a cruel god.   The entire basis of the show Rhaenyra “hates the smallfolk” argument is a single line she uttered at 19 after watching a play in which she was mocked for her sex.   She has shown more concern than Rhaenys has shown. Considering she was willing to give up her crown to keep the realm stable, I don’t think she would have been psychotic enough to slaughter hundreds just to smirk at Alicent.   You’ll probably mention the servant she had killed but she got something out of it. A willingness to commit murder for your own benefit is immoral but a willingness to commit murder just to show off is magnitudes worse. It is literally one of the most horrific acts committed by any character in the GOT franchise.
Not really. Personally I think both have their pros and cons. I actually loved rhaenyra during the black council. I feel she really asserted herself as a queen and didn't back down as well as kept an open mind listening to her advisors.  At the same time i don't really support many of the decisions she made when she was younger eg. Brazenly rejecting all the proposals when she was at storms end, making fun of the blackwood boy, not discouraging that mindless murder, the whole daemon brothel fiasco, not really trying to establish a relationship back with alicent later on.. i get that she was young and wanted to be free but all of that came around to bite her back in the end.  Rhaenys seems more politically astute but a pushover in some ways when it comes to corlys. I feel like she could have argued more for baela's right to driftmark and asserted herself more. And don't even get me started on the dragonpit fiasco  So tbh I'm not sure myself.
I disregard that scene when taking into account her character. It was too stupid to comprehend, so I simply don't. If we exclude that, and include all her other scenes, I think Rhaenys is better.
To be fair Robb was leading armies at fifteen and winning battles
Considering the fact that one of the reasons she married daemon was to defend her against the greens and the fact that she knows they're likely to challenge her claim she should have been grilling her sons more. A bit of tough love or atleast have daemon train them. Jace seems to understand that better as we see in episode 10 when he's training with Luke. I'm guessing this was because he realised for himself the threat that aemond and the greens posed after watching him train. Rhaenyra underestimated and mismanaged a lot of situations tbh.
She’s too meek to play the game.
The one with the best hair
>The entire basis of the show Rhaenyra “hates the smallfolk” argument  I didn't say that Rhaenyra hates the smallfolk. Just that she does not seem to particularly care about them (and once again, most of the characters don't either). You have a good point in the fact that she showed restraint after the Greens usurped the throne (though I doubt she would have been willing to give up her crown). What I also wanted to pointed out is that Rhaenys' actions were undertaken at a time when she was alone fleeing for her life. Rhaenyra hasn't really been in this situation.  The point of my comment wasn't to tell "Rhaenyra would be a terrible monarch; and Rhaenys would be a great one". Just to say that in my opinion Rhaenys would be a better monarch overall.
I would have chose Rhaenys as well because I believe out of the two she has the proper temperament for it. As well as the experience factor and she will actually attempt to get along with people she doesn't like. We all know Rhaenyra sucks at this lol.  But I think Rhaenyra understands large-scale politics better plus I like her a little more
Lmao fair. I honestly think even without that scene Rhaenys isn’t a particularly impressive politician though. Her biggest achievement is probably just agreeing to Rhaenyra’s double betrothal offer. And she’s even more explicit than Rhaenyra about wanting to continue to rule in the absolutist patriarchal old school targ style.  I guess without the dragonpit scene just actually having legitimate heirs might be a good enough tiebreaker in Rhaenys’ favor though.
Robb was good with tactics.  But he er.. he also attacked a lot of boys in training and vulnerable targets
Or, you can push too hard and end up with children like samwell tarly.   There’s a man at arms who’s supposed to train the princes. It’s a weird (but not uncommon) thing for a kingsguard to train them personally like ser criston did, same with ser harwin. He should not have been there to train the boys, and off doing his duties, but it was a thing the show added tor extra drama.
So is Rhaenyra really
And the best jawline
Handmaids who served her for years is different than random Smallfolk from the street
Not caring about the smallfolk is basically just the standard attitude of targaryens outside of like Egg and Alysanne
He defeated Jaime army who defeated his uncle and attacking vulnerable targets before they became army is good
I wish they would have done that with them though. Maybe because of time constraints they didn't. Jace is supposed to be quite capable in the books maybe they'll explore this in season 2. They could have fleshed him out better imo.
Rhaenyra fed a man to her dragon for calling her names.
Yeah that is how sensetive she is. In the show she litterly leaves Kingslanding for 6 years, in the hands of her political enemies, because Alicent is giving her the stink eye
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Daemon and Rhaenyra married each other because they always wanted to marry each other. It is as simple as that. The show made this clear time and again.  If Rhaneyra only wanted Daemon’s military and political strength, like you said, she could’ve just married Jace and Luke to Baela and Rhaena and left it at that. And even without any of this, Daemon would fight for Rhaenyra.  But she went all out and married him because she wants him and he wants her. And Daemon and Rhaenyra would never be satisfied with just an affair. If that was the case, he would’ve stayed and had an affair with her instead of marrying Laena and imposing an exile on himself. They’re pretty much an all or nothing couple. Atleast that’s how the show portrays them.
Daemon and Rhaenyra wanted each other since forever lol Daemon being an experienced warriors was just a bonus for Rhaenyra
If we go by the show, then yes, their marriage was necessary for him to stay. He got up and left when she married Laenor. Had he stayed, Rhaenyra would have turned to him for children. He didn't stay because I don't think he would have been happy playing Harwin's part. I find it very unlikely that he'd just sit by and watch his kids take another man's name, call another man "father" and he doesn't seem like he'd want to have Rhaenyra only in secret, while in public she's at another man's side. That's the reason why he doesn't plan to stay after Laena dies. He wanted to go back to Pentos with his girls. Rhaenyra gets him to stay by offering herself in marriage, probably the only thing that could get him to stay. I'm not sure betrothing the kids would work. He could have arranged the marriage but return to Pentos with them until the time came for them to marry. By that time, they wouldn't need him with them so there's no guarantee that he'd return with them.  In the book, it's not as necessary. Their children were betrothed at age 2 I think and Daemon was in Driftmark with Laena. They saw each other regularly. However, not 6 months after Laena and Laenor die, Rhaenyra and Daemon get married and they're already expecting their first son.  So bottom line is, yes it was necessary in the show, not so much on the book. At the end of the day, in both cases, I believe Daemon and Rhaenyra got married because Daemon and Rhaenyra wanted to get married.
Basically they got married because they wanted to and then made up reasons for it to make sense politically.   You’re right, it wasn’t politically necessary but neither of them are particularly astute politicians. Rhaenyra should’ve kept Laenor as consort, keeping Seasmoke in her dragon inventory and ensuring Driftmark is solidly on her side. Daemon should’ve done what you suggested and made a political marriage with the daughter of some great house.   The problem with this plan is that Daemon and Rhaenyra would clearly be having an affair. Everyone knows Harwin was the Strong boys baby daddy. If she now starts having blonde white kids after Daemon returns, everyone will know he’s the new baby daddy. And I doubt Daemon would be happy pretending the kids aren’t his. Even Harwin pretty much failed at that. And Daemon and Rhaenyra aren’t known for their subtlety - they would fail epically at having a clandestine affair. So it would cause another very public scandal at a time when everyone was already whispering about her because of the Strong boys. And what about Daemon’s new wife in this scenario? The only point of that would be to secure the loyalty of another great house. But how loyal would they be if Daemon was publicly dishonouring them by probably ignoring his wife and fathering Rhaenyra’s children instead?   You could also make a case that by having Daemon as her official consort she makes herself look more formidable. Laenor is a good dragonrider and everything but he’s not exactly an intimidating presence is he?
Do I think the marriage was, strictly speaking, "necessary" (from Rhaenyra's perspective) ?  I would say ... ... no.   Keeping Viserys' physical state in mind, however, I kinda took it as "I would rather you stay here, by my side before anything pops off", rather than him wandering off back to Pentos and needing to be sent for. There's also the suggestion (again, from Rhaenyra's perspective) that Daemon's presence could forestall any really aggressive actions from Team Green , which ... ... maybe it did, maybe it didn't, it's hard to say.  The only *open* move the Greens make before Viserys dies are colluding with Vaemond in the 'Lord of the Tides' episode, but it was Vaemond who instigated that in the first place, not the Greens.
Yeah agree, which is probably why the show empathized their love for each other as a reason, and also why I think they didn't marry for merely "political reasons" in the book either, cuz it straight up isn't a good move politicaly. in F&B their kids are betrothed since they were babies so an alliance is even more a given, and viserys *freaks out* when he hears that they are married, and hes already threatened to disinherit rhaenyra before so taking that risk isn't something I'd think they'd do if feelings hadn't been involved. If it was strictly political they would have at least waited before the mourning period was over before they started fucking instead of pissing off every ally they had.
3 reasons yes they were always wanted to be with each other, she need to marry him for her claim to the throne who would not take it from her and needs his followers so she could build a army to take on the greens.
Daemon was completely fed up with Viserys and his progeny and one night away from fucking off to Essos, forever, to save himself and his daughters the headache that was the Iron Throne politics. He was set to carve a place for himself thanks to Caraxes and find good marriages for his daughters in the free cities.   No amount of "good will" or engaging the twins to Strong boys would have changed that. The only thing that could make him stay in Westeros was exactly what Rhaenyra gave him: official marriage to her.
Daemon wants power. He wants to be the consort. There’s no indication he would have stayed and helped if he wasn’t given a lucrative offer.   Let’s say we give Daemon the benefit of the doubt.  Do you think people would accept Rhaenyra finally  popping out silver haired children after her uncle and his daughters just so happened to move to dragonstone? *Everyone* would know they were his kids. She can’t have anymore obvious bastards without incinerating her tattered reputation but she’s obsessed with Daemon so of course they would be together. The only course of action in her mind is to get married.   Daemon as a husband is also a greater show of force/intimidation to her enemies than Daemon as an uncle. This backfired spectacularly of course because that just made them more desperate to usurp.
They didn't have the guts to do precisely what this story needed to be truly gray and complex - compromise Rhaenyra's female empowerment by making it clear that she's marrying Daemon in order to boost her own claim with a male claimant's.  Had they made it clear Rhaenyra turned a blind eye to the danger Daemon would pose to Alicent's kids and married him to strengthen her claim, the story would actually have some bite. (Assuming they'd eliminated the prophecy as well.)  If she'd done that then you could argue both Alicent and Rhaenyra (understandably) failed to stick together in face of the pressures the patriarchy presented. Instead, the show chose to burden only Alicent with that responsibility.  Basically, the show's problem isn't that it focuses on sexism so much, but that it suggests one side is actively fighting it while the other is perpetuating it when the reality in that kind of society couldn't possibly be that simple.
Because Targs can do nothing but destroy what they build
while Rhaenyra's decision to marry Daemon may not have been necessary from a purely political standpoint, it likely had both strategic and personal motivations behind it.
I think an alternative is offering to make him Hand, but idk what Corlys would feel about that since he probably expects that position as well. Daemon wants power for himself, I don’t think he would have settled less for anything less than Hand or Consort. There’s absolutely no guarantee that Daemon wouldn’t fuck off to Pentos and live out the rest of his life there if he weren’t offered this marriage. The whole thing about his character is that he’s unpredictable.
No one is better at making Rhaenyra and Daemon sound like idiots than their shippers.  Edit: Marrying for love instead of securing an important political alliance and risking the only one you have is idiotic. What if the Velaryons decided their granddaughters weren’t enough to make up for the “murder” of their son?  It’s make far more sense that they married because Daemon wouldn’t have allied himself to her cause without accepting a lucrative position.
Not really! Daemon wasn’t really fed-up of Westerosi politics. He was only fed-up of Viserys undermining him time and again. So, he left Westeros but always longed for it. Daemon thrives in chaos and was depressed in Pentos.   The only reason he wanted to leave again was because he still felt unwanted. His desire is always to stay by his family and protect them. So, if Rhaenyra asked him to stay by her side, even just as her uncle and help secure her claim, he would’ve done it.  What he primarily wanted was to feel needed by his family.
> **They didn't have the guts** to do precisely what this story needed to be truly gray and complex - compromise Rhaenyra's female empowerment by making it clear that she's marrying Daemon in order to boost her own claim with a male claimant's.  ?????????????????????  “I need you uncle. I can’t face the greens alone. With you as my husband and consort, my claim won’t be so easily challenged.”
>Had they made it clear Rhaenyra turned a blind eye to the danger Daemon would pose to Alicent's kids and married him to strengthen her claim, the story would actually have some bite  Adding to what the other person replied.   When they were talking about how to get Laenor out of the way they said: "They'll fear what we'll be capable of, but we'll know the truth" or something along those lines.   The story literally did what you said it should have done. They made it clear that part of the reason they got married was to instill fear and back u Rhaenyra's claim.
As a Daemyra shipper I hate to tell you this but Daemon and Rhaenyra don"t just sound like idiots they are idiots (in love/lust). That's a big point of their relationship as far as I'm concerned (+ the politics if it), so I'm not sure what you are complaining about here.
Daemon left Westeros after Rhaenyra's wedding because he didn't want to be a bystander / sidepiece. He stayed away for the same reason (think he didn't realise that he'd have more chances than Harwin to provide Rhaenyra with heirs?).     Why would he come back to be the exact thing he rebelled against being? He was unhappy with the situation, yes, but he had also washed his hands of it.
I’m also very confused as to why he doesn’t think this is the case as you so clearly stated.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Roderick Dustin or Samwell Blackwood
Nettles!     /s
Impossible to guess the role, as he is a brown-haired white guy. His fencing and acting background makes me think it'll be someone with a lot of choreography ahead.
Either Roddy the Ruin or one of the Two Betrayers.  This man looks immensely ready for the job!
Slap some silver wig on his head and he could be Hugh Hammer or Ulf the White
That’s my main man Bill from Warrior 🫶🏽
Lord Grover ?
I'm excited because Kieran Bew is electric.     I'm sad because this likely means Warrior is never getting a season 3.  Fucking Covid man.  That show was so damn fun.
Hugh Hammer or Roddy the Ruin
I think this guy would be perfect for Rodrick Dustin's role (with a bigger beard, of course)
I heard someone mention Ormund Hightower as a possibility in a different thread. I could definitely see that being the role, although maybe someone with redder hair would make more sense.
And Michelle Bonnard is back as the Madam!
My Speculation :  -Roderick Dustin / -Hugh Hammer / -Willem Blackwood ( Original Show Character )
He’s gonna be a stark
Either a Stark or Hugh Hammer.
Why has nobody said Cregan yet
Probably Roddy Dustin or Hugh Hammer.
Not that it means much since actors can switch accents but Kieran Bew is from the North of England so I strongly suspect he’ll be playing a Northerner. It could be Dustin.
Come on don’t be silly. He’s clearly going to be Sara Snow
I like where this is going.
He's too Young for him  Could be Roderick Dustin
Warrior S3 is coming this year on HBO Max 🖤🔥 They started Filming it Last Summer
Pretty sure S3 has wrapped unless i heard wrong. Its suppose to come this year.
I think it's Blood since it seems he might be sharing a scene with the brothel madame actress from Episode 9
Cregan is 21  This Actor is 43 + in the show Rhaenyra told Jace that Cregan is about his age so there is no way they would consider aging him now
Ooh I didn't remember they confirmed in the show, good catch. Was thinking the age would be flexible with how they've been approaching it but that makes sense.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He didn’t know viserys would marry Alicent he just put her and him in the same room and prayed. It could have gone nowhere or viserys could have taken her as a mistress. Hindsight is 20/20 though I’m sure he grimaced at night thinking about it years later.
There are a bit of missing contexts here, tho  * Viserys himself *did not want* Daemon to succeed him, but assumed no action was necessary because eventually he'd have a son (and he doesn't like conflict / rocking the boat) * Daemon did more to disinherit himself than Otto ever could, by pissing his brother off with the "heir for a day" comment * *Basically everyone* expected Viserys to name a son over Rhaenyra, should such a son come to exist  Also, in the show specifically, we're presented with Viserys disease really, really soon, so Otto actually has two distinct goals, here, running adjacent to the knowledge that Viserys is, apparently, ill :  * the heir should be literally anyone besides Daemon * if it's possible for the heir to be my grandson, that'd be really swell, too  From Otto's perspective, his goal in the beginning is NOT "I have to make my grandchild King". but rather "I can't let the heir be Daemon".  If, for some reason, Viserys never ends up marrying Alicent, AND Viserys shoots down Rhaenyra-as-heir, I 100% believe Otto would recommend the Laenor + Rhaenyra match, and suggest making the heir Laenor. Just, true commitment to "anyone that's not Daemon", basically, lmao
Otto wasn't playing 5D chess with succession policy, he simply saw Daemon as someone who'd be horrible as a potential king and acted at first opportunity to prevent the Realm from harm.
With hindsight, sure it was a disaster for Otto and I’m sure he lay away at night cursing himself for that move.  But at the time he didn’t know his plan of getting Viserys to marry Alicent would succeed. He didn’t even know if Viserys would survive long enough to remarry and have a son. At the time Otto pushed for Rhaenyra to be heir all he knew was that the king might die anytime and if Daemon became king Otto would lose his job, his status, his power, everything. And as a second son Otto had nothing to fall back on, his whole position depended on the king’s favour. He thought Rhaenyra would be more favourable towards him and probably thought he could manipulate her like he did with her father.  Plus it never occurred to Otto that Viserys would keep Rhaenyra as heir if he went on to have a son. *Everyone* assumed he would name his son as heir especially after how obsessed he was with having a son before Baelon’s death. So Otto’s plan was astute at the time it just didn’t work out like he hoped.
Viserys made the decision not Otto. Some people talk like Viserys didn’t have a mind of his own.
Yeah but Otto was probably worried that Daemon would've carried out a coup against his brother long before Aegon was born. Whether Daemon would've done that or not isn't the point. It's the fact that Otto (and quite a few others) believed that Daemon was fully capable of doing it. It's a legitimate fear based on Targaryen history. And even if Daemon would've never touched Viserys, he wouldn't have hesitated to get rid of Alicent's kids lnce they were born. In Otto's mind, leaving Daemon in a prominent position of power for even one more day was unacceptable.
Otto isnt a flat out schemer  He knew Daemon was a threat to the realm and would be a terrible King. He sees it as his duty to the realm that Daemon never succeeds.  The whole Aegon stuff was more luck initially which became proper scheming later
You guys overestimate Ottos ambition. His first goal was to not have Daemon be king because Otto did want the best for the realm. It just happens that when he is presented with a choice that has huge opportunities for his family he took it
My guess is that Otto felt that he needed to get Daemon out of the way to ensure a smooth rise to power for Otto. He had to expect it would be less of a headache to use, betray, and manipulate Viserys without the chance that Daemon would notice and decide to get involved somehow.
He probably thought Daemon might actually kill Viserys to take power. Daemon has a full grown dragon that’s been in war whereas Viserys only full grown dragon rider is Rhaenys, who might still be pissed about being passed over.
The premise was there would be instability if Daemon would remain heir and Viserys had not yet remarried. So if Daemon remained heir, there could have been a war for the Iron Throne and no kingdom to pass on anyway. So they needed to disinherit him already
Otto trying to disinherit Daemon is more than just his personal ambition. Sure he sees him as a political rival, but he also genuinely deems him to be an unstable and violent person who should stay away from power. And it probably never crossed his mind that Viserys would not name his son heir.
Even though Daemon loves his bro, he is ambitious and mercurial. If he were to be made the official proclaimed heir pending a son, then there is no guarantee that he wouldn't have bumped Alicent to prevent being replaced, or even be tempted to bump Viserys.   So By letting Daemon be heir, it puts himself (Otto) in danger should Viserys die, it puts Viserys in danger (in Otto's view) as Daemon is now automatically the King should he bump Viserys, and also puts his daughter in danger as she's now a direct threat to Daemon's seamless succession.  So I still think sidelining Daemon was the only choice for Otto.
I think there are some issues with this.  &#x200B;  Otto did groom Alicent into being Viserys' wife, that much is clear, but I do not think that was the OG plan all along given I do not think Otto knew Aemma was going to die in childbirth. To be fair, anybody could have seen another stillbirth coming given Aemma had several before this point. But I don't think anybody knew she would straight up die. The Alicent plan seemed to be more one of opportunity rather than something Otto really sat down and thought about. It felt like one of those "oh yeah, this is an option now" kind of opportunities. That is less of "the" issue but its still an issue.   Daemon had also been causing Otto problems VERY early on and I think the same can be said for Viserys. Daemon was not going to be the heir if Viserys could help it because Viserys knew his brother. He knew how destructive he could be and how bad he was at effectively running a kingdom. He was given political opportunities and each time he was given them, he would abuse his power every single time. He seldom ever thought about the consequences of his actions. He just kind of did stuff because it "felt good". And as much as Viserys let a lot of it slide because Daemon was his brother, he was not going to let Daemon get close to the crown as that was the one position he could cause the most damage in. He tried to get him to fuck off to the veil with Rhea, but that failed. He tried other solutions, but those failed too. There was no way logically Viserys would have allowed Daemon willingly to be his heir. He would have to kill him first. And Daemon's constant disrespect of Viserys and the later mocking of his wife's stillbirth she gave her life for certainly did not help either.   And even outside of the whole Hightower power struggle thing, Daemon is just a pain in the ass to deal with politically. It's no wonder why he and Otto hate each other. Otto, despite his power-hungry nature, is much more reasonable than Daemon is. He is not inherently doing a bad job (unless you count the lite treason but... you know). He knows the systems he is working with and is trying to uphold order at least in the way he sees fit. Daemon meanwhile, as I said before, just kinda does whatever regardless of how unhelpful or destructive it is. He creates so many political messes by simply being himself it is a mystery why they never physically locked him in a cell somewhere. Keeping him away from the throne was Otto's number top priority along with making sure the realm did not fall apart (at least at that time)  Viserys choosing Rhaenyra as heir certainly causes some political issues both for Otto later and for Daemon. Daemon once again got shoved further down the line behind both Rhaenyra and later Aegon and Viserys' other children. He ultimately gets further removed from the power he wants and regardless of who is on the throne he still is kind of stuck. But with Rhaenyra being so close with Daemon, the whole issue surrounding their dynamic and specifically the sex, and the fact that Rhaenyra in many ways also acts like Daemon does: it is kind of clear why Otto began attacking her too, at least in an undermining fashion. She was Daemon's ticket to having some power. And Alicent was his method of stopping that by her producing children and providing heirs that could contest for the throne. And while I do think Viserys did initially put Rhaenyra in that position because of his own lack of heirs in a traditional sense (and so that Daemon would not get it), I think his reasoning behind doing that and keeping it so even after Aegon was born shows that this was more than just about Daemon (at least for Viserys). If it was, he would have done what everybody thought he would have changed his mind and put Aegon as first in line. I think it was his way of atoning for killing the love of his life over a son and I think it became more about that as Rhaenyra and Aegon got older and Viserys got sicker.
Yea any sane King wouldn’t choose the daughter of a second son of a house over the daughter of a Lord of a major house.   Viserys was crazy enough to both marry Alicent and name Rhaenyra heir. Which was good and bad for Otto.
>by pissing his brother off with the heir for a day comment  Who do you think told Viserys about that?
What a great hand of the king. He has always put the Realm before his own interest.
I refute that he wanted the best for the realm.  He wanted the best for himself and knew Daemon would likely mount his head in a wall.  It happened that the two things seemed to align, but they didn’t really.  Otto’s actions led to the Dance and they were 100% about keeping his place, not keeping the realm any way besides stagnant
Which just proves that Otto (and frankly also Viserys) doesn't understand him at all. Daemon is hyper focused on what's good for House Targaryen. Outside of a (admittedly assholish) line we only have Otto's word on him saying *in show*, while Daemon has been a little out of line in how he handles things, but he's never been disloyal to Viserys at all. In fact, he's gone out of his way to reinforce his loyalty to his brother at every opportunity, even when there's no one to see it.
Lol Otto was the one who pushed the idea that there would be instability in the realm. Daemon was already heir for 10 years and there was no problem.
Hell any other king or father wouldn't have slept with their teenage daughters' friend. The show tried to highlight Viserys' good qualities but at the end of the day he was a bad father and a worse king.
To be fair, there’s also the concern that Laena is too young to have kids, and if Viserys needs an heir asap in case something happens to his health. But that’s not why he married Alicent lol.
You make it sound like no one is going to tell Viserys the very inappropriate toast Daemon made. And blame Otto all you want, at the end of the day, the person most responsible for Daemon's exile was himself.
Meh, Daemon in episode 1 was a villain. He clearly thinks Viserys is weak but holds back based on brotherly affection. He likes Rhaenyra but didn’t seem to respect her until that bridge scene.   Its not unreasonable to think he might take the throne by force at the very beginning. He has a army of gold cloaks and is the only mature dragon rider in the city.
Daemon is hyper focused on whatever pleases Daemon. If he cared about House Targaryen, he would have had children with Rhea, not tried to seduce Rhaenyra or started a war in the stepstones.
Who knows when Viserys would have a son though? It could have been another 10 years without a male heir and Daemon is set to inherit it all.
Rewatch the scene, we don't actually hear what Daemon says. He doesn't deny using the words "heir for a day" but we don't hear exactly how he says it. If the context wasn't malicious or celebratory, chances are that no, no one would feel the need to tell Viserys about it unless they were someone with a vendetta against Daemon looking for an opportunity to spin his words against him.
He does, because Viserys ***is*** incredibly weak. But he still loves him. If he wanted the throne more than he cared about his brother, he would have just used the power he had and put himself on the throne.
The war in the Stepstones was necessary. One of the most loyal Houses of the real, and a close relation of the King himself was being attacked and his territory encroached upon.  At that point, it was poor ruling on Viserys' part to just let it happen.  The man is so conflict adverse he wouldn't undertake an important part of kingship and was willing to alienate a much needed ally.   Daemon being forcibly married off to Rhea was just weird, and yes, he should have had children, but I can't really blame him for not wanting to touch her under those circumstances.   Viserys could have actually avoided all of this by annulling Daemon's marriage and letting him and Rhae wed.   But Otto was terrified (rightfully so, because he was sleazy as hell) of Daemon and was pouring poison in Viserys ears, and Viserys is pretty suggestible most of the time.
hi, can you check your messages pls? If you so want to, ofc
But the context is celebratory and Daemon made the toast in the middle of an orgy while his brother was still mourning the death of his son and wife. There is no credible context that paints Daemon's actions as being appropriate or respectful, and trying to pin blame on Otto or anyone else in no way exempts Daemon from his actions.
You think Daemon being in an arranged marriage is 'weird' in a feudal fantasy? After we've seen Game of thrones as well? That's cringe levels of anachronism.
Then why the juxtaposition with Otto? Why not just show Daemon saying it then go over to the scene where Viserys confronts him about it?
I think it's weird in the sense that men usually have more say over their marriages in this universe, and he seems to have been wed against his will.
Do you really have to watch Daemon say "heir for a day" out of his own mouth to accept that he made such an inappropriate toast? Even Daemon doesn't even defend himself when confronted by Viserys, so why should we assume that Otto lied? There's nothing to indicate that he somehow manipulated events to get Daemon to spout the bullshit he said in the worst possible context.   Whether you want to continue to insist on giving Daemon the benefit of the doubt is up to you, but that strikes me as wishful thinking on your part.
Only the Patriarch has a say in who his family members marry. Corlys arranged the marriage for his son. Robert for Stannis and Joffrey. Rickard for Brandon which Ned had to follow through.  Jaehaerys for every member of his family, including Daemon.
My point is there is literally no reason to juxtapose the scene with Otto telling Viserys about it if not to imply that Otto is twisting the situation. They wrote and filmed extra specifically to show Otto telling Viserys.
I mean, yes, on its face it is that cut and dry.  But their wishes are at least acknowledged sometimes, and they tend to have more agency than women. Also, Alysanne(who likely arranged Daemon's marriage) tried to marry her family with an eye towards their happiness ***and*** furthering policy.
If that's the only argument you have for saying that it was implied that Otto twisted the events of Daemon's toast, it seems to me that it's just wishful thinking on your part.
It's simply how non-amateur writing works. Everything is done for a reason. Chekhov's gun: "Remove everything that has no relevance to the story. If you say in the first act that there is a rifle hanging on the wall, in the second or third act it absolutely must go off. If it's not going to be fired, it shouldn't be hanging there."
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is a very good post and well said. And just generally a good comment on how people should think about history books as well.
No. The show isn’t trying to get to the truth. The show straight up changes characters completely(Alicent). The show and books are two different canons. Is not clarifying anything in the books. It’s just the showrunners own adaptation of events.
I generally think this is a really good post and I *largely agree*  But I think there's a considerable gulf between "the accounts are often biased and/or blatantly contradictory" and "we can't trust any single piece of information presented in the book".  Like, "maybe Rhaenyra really was 15 when named heir in the text, rather than 8, and the writers just deliberately forgot / recorded her birthday wrong" is a hard sell with major narrative implications, and while I think it's totally fine (and honestly sometimes just necessary, to suit the new medium) for the show to just be different, I think some of the pushback is because the show **often**, IMO, goes back and forth between "this is the objectively true story that text wasn't able to tell", and "this is a reimagined, entirely new version of that story", and that can be difficult for book readers to digest.  I think it'd be easier, also, if the show was as blatant as the text in dabbling in unreliable narrators as a device, but it hasn't (tho it's very understandable why). You said "there's no 100% truth with the book or show", but while the book just admits that accounts may be subjective / lacking, the show does not, so the way it's information is presented just, IDK, lands rather differently.   IDK, it's just, the text saying "we don't know who started the fire at Harrenhall, maybe Larys?", and the show having a 3 minute monologue of Larys clearly saying "man *fuck dem kids"* just lands really differently.   Not badly, just ... *differently*.
Yeah I don’t really see why people still don’t seem to get this
Basically the book and the show are a separate canon because they choose what they want and not what is right from the book and they can change everything as they want. Rhaenys' dragonpit scene with Meleys is the simplest evidence.  Or they don't think like "hmm, all 3 narrators say something different, in this case, what x says makes more sense and is more likely to happen"  The book is there as a supplementary material. They basically create their own story, deeply inspired by the book.
Thank you. I see the most comments as it regards the personality/motivations of the characters. For most of the characters in the book, there simply isn’t enough to determine what they would have been like. Yet I see comments all the time along the lines of, “X was more menacing, intelligent, loving, or etc. in the books.”, and you simply can’t make that assessment for many of them. I think I wouldn’t even mind that as much if it wasn’t stated as pure fact by certain posters.
In general I don't have a problem with that, but I find it hard to believe none of the chronicles mentioned  * Vaemond Velaryon had the top of his head sliced off in the Iron Throne room in public view on the last day Viserys would ever "sit the throne". * While riding Meleys, Rhaenys burst through the floor of the Dragonpit during Aegon's coronation
GRRM also built in a way to play with the stories by having Maester Yandel write A World Of Ice And Fire in the time of the Baratheons, with him referring to Archmaester Gyldayne's writings (from the reign of Aegon V) as lately discovered fragments in need of wider study.
Good post!   I like the unreliable narrator part of F&B (and AWOIAF), but even people who use them for info seem to sometimes forget that.  Like, it's: -Written by more or less "present day" author using sources that were often secondary even back then -Who is a man in a very misogynistic society in general, and probably even moreso at the Citadel (using sources mainly by men, etc) -Who is specifically in an institution that would also be influenced by the Faith and Andal culture, which is only reluctantly accepting of Targaryen traditions -Who is beholden to House Hightower in some ways -And it's finished after Robert's Rebellion, so parts would have been adjusted to be less pro-Targ (seen in even more extreme for AWOIAF, which is finished during Tommen's reign, and censored to be pleasing to the Lannisters at that time)  It's hard to get across to people who didn't read it just how clearly biased it is at some points and then how questionable it might be at others because of that. I wish the show had left some things ambiguous, though, to give the audience more of that feeling (ie, Laenor's children being questionable but not so obvious).
“And here we must digress to say a word about our sources, for much of what happened in the years that followed happened behind closed doors, in the privacy of stairwells, council rooms, and bedchambers, and the full truth of it will likely never be known.” - Fire & Blood.
I see it as two different universes. One isn’t ”the true story”. If HOTD would be the true story, I hope that we get a very good explanation fpr the weirwood in the Red Keep.
Goddamnit I am so, so tired of this. Look, the show can change details, it can play with motivations of characters, but what it ultimately cannot do is change major events. Certain things in the books did 100% happen. Sir Criston killed lord Beesbury. Aemond and Vhagar killed Luke and Arrax. They can change the how, but it still happens. I don’t know why the fucking show only watchers cannot accept that F&B is the template for the show and that even though the show is willing to change details, THE MAJOR EVENTS OF THE DANCE OF THE DRAGONS ARE SET IN FUCKING STONE. Acting like “nothing in the books is true so it doesn’t matter” is the dumbest goddamn thing in the world, and the same people that feel that way would likely get super pissed if I just straight up spoiled the whole plot for them, even if they think the book is untrue.
You can say this a million times and that doesn't change the fact the show is marketed as an *adaptation* of the source material.  Things like Alicent asking for the marriage between Aegon and Rhaenyra, Rhaenyra not feeding Vaemond to Syrax and Aemond killing Luke on purpose is facts in the book that has no "multiple contradictory accounts"
yeah i always viewed the show as the interpretation from the writers perspective as they read the book  but the writers also have to fill in a bunch of grey areas in which they believe certain characters would have had a dialogue and interaction they believed was true to form
people say this now but when things that make their queen(rhaenyra) look bad they bitch and moan about changes to the books. apparently it's only bad when it changes team black characters. meanwhile it takes all the rumors and worst parts of the "rumored gossip" and applies it to the greens without apology
Condal seems to have a good relationship with George and probably gets the “truth” of what actually happened during some of these events. I know there are some other things that they adapted but I’d be pretty surprised if they didn’t run those by him as well. I doubt George is seeing anything on screen and saying “why would they do that?”
Yeah especially those green chad boys who are whining why Aegon is a rapist. Maybe he really is problematic in this fictional world? But we're so blinded with fandom. The book is just an anecdote.
Thank god those two images were there otherwise I’d have no idea what book and series you were talking about
So, correct me if I’m wrong because I haven’t read Fire and Blood, but it seems like reading it would be like reading the “A Song of Ice and Fire” book written by the Maester in GOT?
I want to see Mushroom in the show!!!!!!!!
I started Fire and Blood last month, I absolutely love it! I'm just short of the 500th, the last hundred and fifty pages have been a ride for sure.
Whaaat, they’ve made a book about the show? S1?
Thank you
I couldn't see the added text for a minute, and I thought 100% this was a r/batmanarkham style shitpost that everyone was playing along with a little too good
Having graduated with BA in History, yes. That is why historiographies are important. They cover the changing of beliefs/ideas/thoughts/scapegoats over time up to the present.
Well by that logic when one account saying something different that another account just be changing the The characters?  I’m say  several times throughout this that’s it’s only partly deriving truth from the books. As the books are full of conflicting accounts they also don’t have a supposed truth behind them. That’s why I say there’s no 100% truth either way
Exactly. I've had some arguments with people on this sub who think what happened in the show is factually what happened in the books.  The show is just another interpretation of the events of the books, and their canons are to separate entities. Can you make arguments like things that happened in the show like what Aemond did being an accident caused by lack of control over vhagar? Sure. But it doesn't mean that is what absolutely happened.  And like you said, the authors of fire and blood arent going to be inaccurate with king and queens ages or forget about rhaenys bursting through the ceiling of the dragon pit during aegons coronation.   The cool thing about it all is you get to create your own head cannon about what truly happened based on the events of both worlds.
yeah, it kind of annoys me how people act like \*anything\* could be true from the books.  a fake history book from which you can draw absolutely no conclusions is pointless--much like a tv finale where it was all a dream or whatnot. in fact, george is often pretty obvious about implying what actually did happen after giving a clearly biased narrative. for example, we're clearly supposed to infer that the velaryon boys are harwin's despite various characters' denials.  broadly, if you can reach a result by following certain guideposts, i don't consider it a big "change" from the book:  * if a narrator with a bias against that character admits something good about them, they probably were at least that good. same with a character with a bias *for* that character admitting something bad about them. example, the fact that even green-aligned eustace said aegon ii regularly groped serving girls means it's not that big a leap to infer he's a rapist. (powerful men are generally not reported as being rapists even in our world so it would be weird if anyone wrote that, let alone eustace.) * if a narrator gives a misogynistic explanation for a female character's actions which could plausibly explained some other way, it's probably the other explanation. i have some criticisms of the show's writing of rhaenyra and alicent, but broadly turning the books' lol catfight characterization to something more motivated by jealousy/duty/etc is an example of this. * if mushroom said some crazy sex stuff happened, it probably didn't, but who knows? maybe it did!!  most of the changes the show made (daemon killing rhea, larys setting the fire, laenor surviving, "the beast beneath the boards," changes in characters' ages) don't fall into any of these categories. some of them are perfectly \*plausible\* within the universe of the book, but others, like the ages, are not.
I think it’s because people are very connected to the depictions of the characters we have in the books… am I get that I really connected to some of the characters in the books as well but I keep in mind the type of book it is and I think some people forget what type of book this is
I guess I really wasn’t speaking in terms of Canon, cause like the nature of the book itself is Canon as it’s in it’s a real book in that world , but the events that take place in it we have no “canon” for As we aren’t with these characters in the events as they are going on.  I think the show has both elements of putting truth to what actually happened in the books ans doing it own separate thing so I don’t think it’s 100% trying to show what really happened in the events of the books. And I think this was the better scenario because if they really wanted to put a show that was presented as 100% the truth behind everything that happened in the books it would be a massive project that we probably wouldn’t get until like 2028.
Yeah that’s why I say people are very connected to the depictions of them that we have in the book and they often forget that we don’t actually know these characters in the books.
Yeah I don’t see the show is 100% trying to put truth behind the events of the bookI think it has a lot of elements of that but I don’t think it’s that and it’s entirety and I do think they mix it with making up its own story. So I don’t think it’s like trying fully two “ showcase the truth” as too the events of the books I think this was the better scenario than trying to be 100% Showing us the truth of what happened in the books because that project would be extremely huge
Yes exactly    can you say more about why you wanted more ambiguity with Laenors children ?
I wish they would’ve added in” and the sky’s filled with dragon flame” to let people know that there was no way we could understand what was going on up there
I feel like it’s just an Easter egg but I’m so happy it’s there I’m just gonna ignore that it’s doesn’t make a lot of sense if you know the lore as it currently is , I guess they could make up new lore as to how it got there   oooh what if it was sprouted after the andal invasion? That would be pretty neat.
“The show is partly trying to get to the truth of how things go down in the books mixed with show business and the changes that happen to the source material that come with that, along with its own narratives and projection.” - here is the section of my post where I say all of that.
I think this is going with the assumption that  when there is no exact contradictory account of an exact event happening that  this act should be taken as truth.   I think this neglects the knowledge that the book is by written by  people who were not there and could not possibly be there for many of these instances.  For example: there is no one in the sky watching and writing down how  the fight between vhagar and arrax went down. How can we possibly know What Aemond was really thinking and doing up there if we were never in his head? If we never got his POV? If we never got Luke’s Pov?   I think it’s good to keep in mind that we are not with these characters as all of this is going down
being an adaptation doesn't mean 1:1 of events lol
Yeah I think they take some elements trying to put truth behind the things that go on in the books and they also add and other things , so I don’t take it at its fullness that’s it the truth behind the vents of the books more like it’s combined with some of the truth behind the events in the book mixing with its own stuff
I think this is example of a comment that’s  in the sub thread that tries to make every conversation  “team green vs team black” and I don’t find these conversations particularly productive or interesting as I feel like it’s a very reduced way to analyze and talk about the material.  I don’t really think this is the place for this type of comment but you are free to make your own post where you can talk about how this ties into team green vs team black till you’re content. I think that would be better and actually find people who wish to talk about that
The only problem I see in your comment is assuming George knows the truth or even cares what it is.  I think he likes the idea of it being unknown and even to himself.
This goes both ways. On every HotD reaction you’ll find tons of comments like;   “THEY DELETED THE SCENE WHERE DAEMON HUGS HIS DAUGHTERS, HE IS A VERY GREY CHARACTER. HE DIDN’T MURDER HIS WIFE IN THE BOOK.”   But yeah, I guess both Blacks and Greens don’t mind the changes when it benefits “their” characters
Yeah people are free to have their critiques but yeah but  don’t understand ones like   “ there making one side seem bad” or “ they clearly pushing for us to root for teen black” or “ they made this character too likable/sympathetic”   It’s like they don’t take into consideration of these people actually could’ve been these things in a realistic way
I heard a rumor that he was the drummer at the wedding feast
It’s a great book  I wish we could get more
Wait what ?
Sorry but I got the same problem, how can I see the text?
"conflicting accounts" does not mean completely upending what is presented in F&B.   If History were understood this way then it'd be completely and wholly unreliable.  Alicent and Rhaenyra going from fully grown woman and little girl to two teenage besties who had a big falling out is a major change that I'm pretty sure the History book would have been fully aware of (With royal birthdates and accounts and all). Or a massive dragon attack at a coronation. And so on and so forth.  HoTD is just a completely different canon and the writer's version of events at best.
Especially timelines are so obviously changed.  Alicent is like 20 years older than Rhaenyra in the books and well-acquainted with Jaehaerys the Concilliator, when in the show she was barely even born at the time of his death.  No the show isn't "what really happened," it's an alternative take on the story.
>are very connected to the depictions of the characters  Yeah but the further problem I find is that people are connected to their *headcanon* of how a character is in the books.  Not how they are. Most characters are very light on characterisation given it's nature as historical text.   For example, someone insisted that Aemond couldn't possibly be ever jealous of Aegon's kingship like he is in the show in the books, and therefore the show was "wrong" to change it. But there actually is a huge hint that Aemond absolutely can be seen as jealous, as he specifically says the crown looks better on him in the books-now that's not definitively "he's jealous" but nobody can pretend it isn't a valid reading to understand that line as indicating jealousy-and we do not have enough of Aemond to not see him through such a potential lense (I certainly myself always saw him as jealous of Aegon but also dutiful to him in his way when I read Fire & Blood). To insist therefore that the show contradicts the book in this manner, is to insist your headcanon is the canon.
Yeah I get that it’s just when actually reading the book, it constantly reminds you that there are 3 separate accounts and we don’t really know what is accurate, or if any of it is.
I really appreciate this post, OP! Thanks for doing that for us!
In the book, Rhaenys has dark hair and the part about the kids being bastards is more or less presented as speculation/rumor instead of a definite thing. Supposedly they look a certain way, but we can't confirm it, nor do we know what their whole bloodline looks like.   If they'd made Harwin look more like Laenor, given Rhaenys dark hair (which should have happened anyway because it basically destroys the plot of GoT), and had it be more likely the kids could have maybe possibly been Laenor’s (there are many gay men in history who have worked out having biological children), it would have made the audience actually have to form their own opinion on which side was telling the truth. Even if Harwin was still obviously Rhaenyra's lover, it wouldn't necessarily mean he was the father of her children, but then it would certainly make it more likely, etc.
I like when easter eggs are thought through details that are smart nods to observant fans, not the opposite.      If it grew after the Andal invasion, why does it have a face?
My rant is less at you individually and more at the idea of “nothing in the books or show is 100% true”
And such events are written in the book with contradictory accounts. There are plenty of other events in the book and the Dance itself that are factual and has no multiple accounts describing the same event.   For the Aemond event, there are two things to take note. 1) Arrax was shredded by Vhagar and the dragon's body which washed up to shore confirmed that. Vhagar wouldn't just randomly attack another dragon without being ordered to do so. 2) He showed no remorse for his actions after returning to the capital which tells us that he deliberately had Luke murdered, because he wanted revenge.   I can still understand your argument, because I too want to believe there's good in all these characters and what Aemond was thinking during the dragon chase will never be known and should not be taken as he's just a cold blooded murderer...but the evidence is right there.
[removed]
Sometimes I’m not sure how to view deleted scenes, because a lot of them are very good and I’m like “ do not count  this is happening” or “do I acknowledge it as it happened and they just didn’t show it”
That new way of adding text to pictures is really hard to see on mobile, not your fault at all btw!!!  Without the text, your post seemed to be saying “Heres the best way for you morons to know the difference between the book and the show: just look at the covers “
It's only viewable on mobile if you open up the post via the comment button, then open up the full text under the pics from the tiny bit you can see.   It's really really dumb. You can't even edit that text after posting
That’s why I said this  “The show is partly trying to get to the truth of how things go down in the books, mixed with show business and the changes that happen to the source material that come with that, along with its own narratives and projection.”- emphasis on the word partly  Particularly focusing on events like : Aemond killing Luke, confirmation bastardy opposed to ambiguity, revealing the true reasons to character Deaths.  We had no way of confirming these in the books as they are all secondhand accounts and we’re not actually with these characters while these things happen. Considering we don’t have a POV book with the characters to go along with that the books lack a way to form a truth in this way. I’ve never said that it should all  the information revealed to us should be discarded as that’s not what I believe, I am simply saying that neither the books nor the show contain 100% of the truth and the events that were presented to us in the text.
Yeah I agree I do understand being very attached to your headcanon ..cause like the books were the only place we could get information for a long time and I understand it’s the nature of being a fan.  I myself I am full of theories and ideas that I’m attached to from the books ( ask about my Rhaena theory if interested) but I take them all with a grain of salt.
Yeah especially when one of those accounts is mushroom making EVERYTHING about sex
OK I see what you mean I kind of like that it wasn’t ambiguous though because it does a lot for the complexity for Rhaenyra’s and Alicent’s complex realtionship.  Because essentially having it obvious that the kids are bastards,  Rhaenyra is getting away with lying over and over again and I see how that would frustrate Alicent someone who has always adheres to the rules of society  … and she’s Fed up and everyone else around her is willing to not acknowledge the clear truth.
Idk I don’t have the answers,  Though there are some theories that the children of the forest are skin-changing into humans and doing thing and since this show has a whole background thing about “ the long night coming” maybe They’ll tie it in
 I know but this does directly addressed that complaint
On your first statement I would like to add that there was no dragon specialist that could confirm the types of injury infected on one dragon from another dragon as dragon on Dragon Combat hasn’t been seen since Balerion Vs quicksilver so how would have to question even in the books how much they would know.   This is a bit more important there is precedent for dragons not obeying the writers commands even in the books.  Examples Silverwing refused thrice to take Alyssane north of the wall.  Balerion flying off with Aerea   And in the main series Daenerys dragons are disobedient several times, particularly Drogon   “The dragonlords of old Valyria had controlled their mounts with binding spells and sorcerous horns. Daenerys made do with a word and a whip. Mounted on the dragon's back, she oft felt as if she were learning to ride all over again. When she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left, for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger. When she laid the whip across Drogon's right side he veered right, for a dragon's first instinct is always to attack. Sometimes it did not seem to matter where she struck him, though; sometimes he went where he would and took her with him. Neither whip nor words could turn Drogon if he did not wish to be turned. The whip annoyed him more than it hurt him, she had come to see; his scales had grown harder than horn. “- Daenerys X ADWD   So with all of this information I cannot credit your statement about thVhagar doing only what she is commanded to do  written by people who are not experts on dragon taming
>was shredded by Vhagar and the dragon's body which washed up to shore confirmed that. Vhagar wouldn't just randomly attack another dragon without being ordered to do so  There's no real reason to assume that for certainty. Dragons don't always obey their masters in the books either.   >He showed no remorse for his actions after returning to the capital which tells us that he deliberately had Luke murdered,  Or did he show no remorse because he wanted to make it seem as though it was completely intentional? That owning it was better than "whoops I am an idiot".   Now I agree, that the book certainly leads us to he did it intentionally no question. But I do think this event qualifies as ambiguous enough to play around (as the show did) with Aemond's emotions, whilst still not being actively against book canon.
* continues to bring up team green vs team black
It’s really a testament to the level of historical reading that GRRM must have done throughout his life.  The average person doesn’t realize that history isn’t nearly as “true” or “false” as most people think.   A serious study into even relatively recent history will tend to look just like Fire & Blood where you have a dozen accounts that mostly tell the same story with a few differences in each.    The biggest question I tell my students to think about when looking at primary sources is reliability in context.  I love the example of the Gallic Wars, because pretty much all the information we have about them comes from Julius Caesar’s memoir that he wrote.  He was clearly writing to propagandize himself and boost his reputation by talking about how awesome he was for winning against insane odds in every battle, so on the face of it you’d think you can’t trust a single word he says.  But if you understand his motivation for writing and keep that in mind as you read, there is still plenty of historical value in his account, so long as you don’t take every word he says at face value.  It’s the same with Mushroom, Eustace, and Orwyle.  Eustace was a priest aligned with the Greens, so everything he says has to be filtered through his rigid moralizing and desire to paint Aegon in a more favorable light.  Mushroom was a fool aligned with the Blacks, so while most of what he says is clearly a joke, designed to make everyone look bad but sometimes Rhaenyra less so, he was also in a unique position to overhear a lot of things that other characters might not have heard.  Orwyle was a disgraced Maester in prison, desperately trying to make himself look as innocent as possible throughout the entire story.  And Gyldayn is a Maester too, and more likely to be biased toward one of his own.  None of the four of them are without biases and perspectives, but when you take those biases into account reading the stories they’re relating, it goes a long way toward discerning who is the most accurate at any given moment.
I don't really think it adds much more than if Alicent believed she knew they were bastards, but people kept "gaslighting" her about it. As it is in the show, everyone knows and just awkwardly denies it, because they have to, and Alicent *knows* she's right and is constantly vindicated, which I find boring.  But Alicent is also just not a character I like the changes on, and the lack of autonomy introduced, outside of her basically being in love with Rhaenyra, which I think was the only really interesting addition for me.
And why is Weirwood not there 160 years later?
kind of off topic, but I have a theory that Aegon chose certain outposts carefully when he invaded based on what he might have known about the Prophecy of Ice and Fire. If he saw it in a dream, he probably recognized what a Weirwood was when he came upon King's Landing and took it as a good sign. I remember reading in the World of Ice and Fire that Driftmark had a ton of weirwoods, and Dragonstone was an excellent place to forge Dragonglass (and maybe some Valyrian Steel with Valyrian Fire Magic)
No, it doesn’t, I fundamentally disagree. The show is not trying to get to “the truth” it’s entirely an interpretation by the writers of the show with some input from George.
Some things are more obvious without the need for any evidence, because there was no reason for Vhagar to kill Arrax. This is the second time since Maegor and guess what? Even Maegor's was intentional. Which tells us that this this is the first time ever in Aemond's case, accordingly to your logic, that a rider has "somehow" lost control of their dragon they had for literally 9 years. Aemond killed Arrax intentionally and there's no denying that.   The three examples you gave have other reasons behind it. It's even said as much in the books.  1) there's some magic related reason for Silverwing's unwillingness to fly over the wall. It wasn't because she wanted to disobey Alysanne. She *couldn't* fly over the wall.   2) Aerea didn't even claim Balerion. She just sat on it and took off with it. Let's say, for the sake of this argument, that she claimed him. There's this unfortunate disconnection with Aerea still being this little child that took the largest dragon that has not been claimed since Maegor.   3) Daenerys has no past knowledge of dragon taming and in the books she's bonded with Drogon for like what? Two years? Aemond had 9 years.
>There's no real reason to assume that for certainty. Dragons don't always obey their masters in the books either.  And if that's the case we would definitely get something on Aemond when he returned to KL. There's no accounts of him showing any remorse and again...there was no reason for Aemond to chase Luke in the storm if he didn't mean to harm him.   >Now I agree, that the book certainly leads us to he did it intentionally no question. But I do think this event qualifies as ambiguous enough to play around (as the show did) with Aemond's emotions, whilst still not being actively against book canon  See here's the deal. If they wanted to play with ambiguity, they should've kept Aemond intentionally killing Luke and once his emotions settled down, they could've shown his guilt a lot after his return from KL which would add layer to his character and also not contradict his character in the books
hey I'm just parroting back what team black does all the time.
I see her as a very complex character that sometimes gets oversimplified. Because like the part where she believes Viserys I don’t think she actually believes him I think she’s actively committing herself for something she doesn’t fully believe I think it adds a bit of realism to her character. The fact that she knows her son is an awful person but her life has been set up but she by the rules of society has try and put him on the throne even after acknowledging that her once childhood best friend would be a good queen it’s a very complex dynamic and I think that it’s good that it comes off messy because realistically that would be a messy situation.  If she had been president how she was in the book I personally feel like it would’ve felt like, “ The evil stepmother trope”
Idk I don’t have the answers but I’m not gonna be pessimistic about it yet
> And why is Weirwood not there 160 years later?  (A) Destroyed during the war/riots. /|\ (B) Baelor the Blessed.   Off the top of my head, those are the simplest explanations I got.
I believe you missed the word “partly”
What in the text tells you that the dragon rider would have full control over the dragon? And who would know this ?   And since we’re going on the logic established to us in the books you should know you can’t just just sit on a dragon’s back …. You have to claim it to be able to sit on his back…. >!We have an example of a boy trying to get on a dragon’s back that he has not claimed and it shook him off!< this is all in the text you are claiming is the truth   Also to you point about Aemond not showing remorse when he got back , people are capable of not betraying the emotion they are feeling or have felt when they did something. He could be doing all this to spin the story he wanted to tell. Even if you took that is truth alyassne in the book you are claiming is true said when Silverwing refused to take her north of the wall she laughed with the men of The night’s  watch when she got down so they would not think anything was odd, But she said “it bothered me then and it still bothers me now” - This clearly shows that people are capable of portraying emotions they don’t actually feel according to the books you claim contain the truth.
Maybe that’s because you bring it up in a thread not talking about? If you wanted to have this conversation about team green vs team black you could’ve just posted about it you know ?  I just didn’t like the Arya in bravos plot like at all it was so boring and I didn’t even understand why she was there,
why not do something interesting instead?
See, I don't really see that at all, she seems just foolish and hypocritical, but in a boring/annoying way, to me most of the time. Her being shocked that there were actual plans to put Aegon on the throne was just so ridiculous I got secondhand embarrassment. Or her believing out of nowhere that Rhaenyra would become a kinslayer, which is the Westerosi equivalent of basically saying someone is going to cannibalize you, and then antagonizing her on top of that instead of trying to make nice, made it impossible for me to see her as a character with actual depth as opposed to one just reacting to everything.   Whereas a version of her who actually wants her son on the throne, who sees it as his gods-given right and actively works towards it, could still be done in a very righteous way, especially with Rhaenyra just fucking off looking less than ideal as an heir.
Oh I bet Baelor had something to do with that
F*cking Baelor
That would be the best explanation. But I can’t really see HOTD doing a flashfprward just to explain that.   I’m pretty sure that they didn’t put much thought into the weirwood and just went for memberberries.  Or they treated Game of Thrones Winter is Coming Officially Licensed Browser Game as canon (that one also has a weirwood in King’s Landing).
Fair point. I still disagree with what you have to say.
I think she has a believable amount of hypocrisy going on.  The scene where she grabs aegon’s face and explained to him that he needs to try to to be the king. I don’t think she believes Rhaenyra will be a kinslayer,  I think she’s trying to scare him into taking it seriously, it’s unfortunate but it is realistic that many of our parents scare us to get us to do things. Sometimes I don’t take with the character says at its face value because like it’s believable that people don’t always speak at face value A lot of times during this directions or they have an ulterior motive , like A lot of people read into Laena’s “ I want to die like a dragon rider” statement but that statement was just trying to appeal to Daemons Valerian enthusiast side.  I do see your point as to why she seemed a bit shocked when they started putting the plan into place  in front of her. I felt A lot of that had to do with the fact that she had been kept in the dark about the conversations and assumed she would be the starting point ,she would be the ignition, she will be the one initiating and guiding the process and that’s kind of what she is trying to that whole episode when she’s like trying to find him first.
Okay
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Corlys would've pushed for his grandson to be King yes
The only way it wouldn't have happend if Laena once again only got two girls and then died. The moment a healthy boy was born dance would happen
As much as i love coryls.. hell yeah he would push for his blood to sit the throne.
Corlys is a very ambitious man, so there is a high probability that it would have happened anyway.
People in this thread are just going to make up things about Corlys so here is actual text:  “Velaryon to persuade the lords assembled that their son, Laenor, should be recognized as heir to the Iron Throne. In these efforts they were joined by the Lord of Storm’s End, Boremund Baratheon (great- uncle to Rhaenys and great-great-uncle to the boy Laenor), by Lord Stark of Winterfell, Lord Manderly of White Harbor, Lord Dustin of Barrowton, Lord Blackwood of Raventree, Lord Bar Emmon of Sharp Point, Lord Celtigar of Claw Isle, and others.”  “In Rhaenys Targaryen, daughter of the Old King’s eldest son and heir, he had found his perfect match, a woman as spirited and beautiful and proud as any in the realm, and a dragonrider as well. His sons and daughters would soar through the skies, Lord Corlys expected, and one day one of them would sit the Iron Throne.”  “Rhaenys herself was the first to raise objection. “You would rob my son of his birthright,” she told the king, with a hand upon her swollen belly. Her husband, Corlys Velaryon, was so wroth that he gave up his admiralty and his place on the small council and took his wife back to Driftmark.”  “Reports had reached the court that Corlys Velaryon was massing ships and men on Driftmark to “defend the rights” of his son, Laenor, whilst Daemon Targaryen, a hot-tempered and quarrelsome young man of twenty, had gathered his own band of sworn swords in support of his brother, Viserys.”  Absolutely nothing implies that Corlys would not fight for a chance for his grandson on the Throne. People can pretend otherwise but the text unanimously states Corlys’s ambition.
Yes, because the moment Viserys remarried any child from the new marriage that family will push for their own ambition or survival, like the greens , rhaenrya was just lucky her dad spoiled and didn't punish her for doing stupid choices and moves
I think Corlys would suggest a match between Rhaenyra and Laenor to make sure his blood will be on the throne no matter what. Only if the match is denied will Corlys push for his grandson to be named heir instead of the princess.
I mean it would be the second time a Targaryen king denies a relative of Corlys the throne against his expectation. First his wife and Laenor now his grandson by Laena. The first time he almost went to war over it, so you would expect him to not put up with this a second time. Then again show Corlys is also an extremely tolerant outlier in that he is just fine with Rhaenyra passing of her bastards as Velaryons wich is arguably even more insulting than not naming his grandson heir to the throne.
People are so dumb. Corlys pushed for Alyn and Addam as heir when Joffrey and Jace were both still alive, paired with his ambition and the fact that the crown would go pass over him once again there is nothing to suggest he wouldn’t go to war
I think it also largely depends on if Rhaenyra married Laenor and her sons are technically Velaryons. I do think Corlys would prefer Laena’s trueborn son vs Rhaenyra’s son. No matter what he says in the show - he will want his actual blood on the throne if he can get it.   There is no guarantee that Rhaenyra wouldn’t just marry Daemon or Harwin though- which would make an interesting story since those children would not be accused of being bastards.
A lot of people completly ignore the fact that every son Viserys has is a threat to Rheanyras reign. Roger Baratheon was ready to dispose of Jaehaerys in favor of Aerea the second he was unhappy with him because she had a possible claim. Westeros is sexist Rheanyra would’ve at some point gotten into trouble especially with the bastards. Betting on his grandson via Viserys is the safer bet especially if he want him to live at all.   Corlys knows that, stayed by Rheanyras side in canon because otherwise he would’ve not gotten close to the throne. Why should he again ignore  a perfectly reasonable claim a grandson of his has? He would be livid as he only wanted Leana to marry Viserys to get a grandson on the throne???  Also the fact that he’s loyal to Viserys? In which world? He was constantly doing his own thing, disrespected Viserys by starting a war without permission and didn’t even greet him because he was still pissed about Leana. He only came back around after the promise of another grandson.  If Rheanyra hadn’t married Leanor he totally would’ve sat out the dance or waited to see which side makes him a better offer in canon.
So Viserys and Laena have a son? If so, the Dance still happens. I can see a scenario where, due to Laena’s age, they wait to consummate the marriage, and by the time Viserys feels not-weird about doing so, he is in too ill of health to sire any more children - maybe one or two that happen to be daughters, and in that case, no Dance.
The targs have a dance every few generations... This one was drastic because it ultimately lead to a lot of dragon loss. It was gonna happen when the succession crises of Viserys v/s Rhaenys arose. But king Jahe managed to just avoid it for one more generation...  Later when they had no dragons, they just called these dances rebellions
It's natural it would. I mean, they were skipped over twice because Rhaenys was a woman (the first time was in favour of her uncle, the other time in favour of her cousin because they were both men and she was not), even Laenor was skipped over despite appearing as a possible candidate because his claim to the throne came via his mother's side. Now imagine if Laena actually married Viserys, had son who could be an heir and the son got rejected because Viserys now remembered women can inherit? I wouldn't blame my man Corlys, I would be pissed too. Probably the only difference would be that instead of Blacks and Greens we would have Blacks and Blues. The only scenario in which they probably wouldn't care is if Rhaenyra still married Laenor but I doubt Viserys would deem that needed if he already married Laena. I mean, in natural case he would ask for marriage between Laenor and Rhaenyra the moment he decided to keep her heir, but he seems to be unable to see the possible bad outcomes of his decisions due to the fact he for some reason believes he lives in the world of sunshine and rainbows where friendship is magic and certain events and decisions can't possibly have consequences
Probably. As others have stated, Rhaenyra would have married into a different house if Viserys had married Laena. The most likely outcomes would be Rhaenyra marrying Ser Harwin or eloping with Daemon (although the latter option would probably get her disinherited if she does it early).  Rhaenyra's kids wouldn't even have the Velaryon *name*; Corlys would clearly support Laena's kids with Viserys.  The Dance would have been *very* different, but there certainly would have been some kind of succession dispute.
Corlys was burned badly by the Council of 101. Even Rhaenys is over it, but Corlys still burns. This is why he suggested Laena, and then Laenor for Rhae later. If Rhae had had a different man's bastards, Corlys would have been shouting about bastards too with Vaemond. But she had *his son's* bastard kids, so it was alright, because "History remembers names". All this to say, he would push his grandsons claims 100%.
I believe he would have pushed, but he would not have usurped. He probably would have ensured Laenor still married Rhaenyra so his line wins no matter what. Another Velaryon match would make sense, they’ve been intermarrying for many generations.
I think this really depends if we’re talking about the show or the book, and if Rhaenyra still marries Laenor, and the sex of Laena’s children in this theoretical alt universe.
The answer is a decisive yes. Corlys didn't spend his whole life complaining about the Great Council stealing his wife's throne to just be satisfied being a family of consorts. Every scene we saw of Corlys, it was to highlight his ambitions. You switch Otto with the father of any ambitious noble house and the outcome is the same. The issue wasn't Otto or Corlys. It was a weak king making a bold & relatively unpopular decision (to make his daughter heir) that he had no power to enforce.   The show kept emphasizing the point that it's not some evil mastermind individual but rather the social strucutre of that world that predisposes these people to political violence (even Otto says "she'll have no choice" about Rhaenyra. As in, circumstance will force her hand even if she starts out with no intention of harming Alicent's kids). There is no "opting out" in this Tudor-esque world of politics that Asoiaf is based on. Once you're born into a prominent line, it doesn't matter if you renounce all your claims, you will always be seen as a threat by rival claimants. It's a world of paranoia.
It would have been even worse. Much later it would have become a 3 or even 4 sided conflict with Rhaenyra, Daemon, Laena/Corlys and Otto on different sides. The blacks, the reds, the blues and the greens.
I think the answer to the puzzle is Daemon, because he clearly has BIG ambitions, and he also is a scheemer and warrior (with Caraxes none the less).
If Laena had daughters, Rhaenyra would have remained heir. If Laena had sons, Corlys would have pushed for the grandson to become heir. Rhaenyra wouldn’t have had enough dragons to back up her claim so she likely would have ceded her position.
Yes, assuming Viserys and Laena had a son, with 100% certainty, yes. The reason Corlys wanted Viserys to marry Laena was the same reason Otto wanted Viserys to marry Alicent, both men had the expectation that their grandson would sit on the Iron Throne. If he married Laena, Rhaenyra would be married to another house, maybe the Lannisters or Blackwoods or something, but regardless, Corlys would absolutely fight to place his blood on the throne.
Absolutely. The Citadel scheming wouldn't have changed
(Based primarily on the show, calling the Green claimant kid Aegon)  I'm unsure Rhaenyra marries Laenor in this scenario, but given there is still a chance, I'll share my thoughts on what I think the likely case is presuming all marriages and stuff happen as on show other than Laena and Viserys and such.  Presuming everything else goes the same which I know is a tall ask, but hard to speculate, I think the Dance still happens regardless if Corlys initiates it or not.  Otto clearly is willing to put someone other than his own blood on the Throne if it serves his interest, hence why he advocated for Rhaenyra over Daemon. I think he would still move to put Laena's children on the throne over Rhaenyra if she marries Daemon, because it still serves his political ambitions in doing so.  The kids have just as much reason as the Green kids do OTL to fear Rhaenyra, especially if Otto is still around putting that fear into their heads. Is it justified to fear Rhaenyra here? Unclear, but I do not necessarily think that changing the mom of Rhaenyra's siblings would affect how close she is with them. Besides, it's not like Aegon (at least initially) not wanting to be King really stops the scheming and plotting.  As for the other Greens... how much do they really care about the Hightower nature of the kids? Ironrod doesn't, he's just sexist and thinks its the law. Tyland and Jason don't support the Greens because of House Hightower. If the kids are half-Velaryon they're actually *more* closely related to Borros, so I doubt it would sway him. Criston Cole doesn't want Rhaenyra on the throne. Larys wants power. None of these are motivations at all specific to Aegon's mother being a Hightower. Velaryon Aegon would serve them just as well.  So the Green Council still happens, and I think the Dance does as well.  But as for where I think Corlys falls: I think he goes Green. Corlys wants his blood/name on the Iron Throne, sure, but is he going to war to decide which blood? He is, at least when the war starts, a *significant* plurality of the Black forces. Aegon has Blackfyre, the Conquerer's Crown, and King's Landing. Does he really have motivation here to join a major war against that faction when by joining the Greens he could basically guarantee they win? Given that Aegon would come before Vaemond in the line of succession for Driftmark, I cannot see Rhaenyra seeing Vaemond asking Otto to recognize his claim as any sort of serious threat. Nor do Baela and Rhaena exist, presumably, and thus they cannot be betrothed to Jace and Luke. That cuts another Black tie to Driftmark, and Rhaenys, who clearly cares more about actual real lineage than Corlys, is more likely to push him towards the Green faction, with whom they have actual blood ties.
Like others have said, Cory’s would want his blood on the iron throne and I also think that Otto is too ambitious too give up his dreams so easily.
Depends on how Rhaenyra uses her time. She's got several years, minimum before Laena can even try to have kids which gives her and Viserys time to further secure her position, marry and have a kid of her own   If Rhaenyra still goes with Laenor and has strong kids, or if she marries Daemon then it still happens but the dancers change partners. Corlys will want his grandson on the throne and Daemon will want his blood on the throne
As soon as he has a son it was sealed
It’s an interesting question because Corly’s might be better about it, but at the end of the day he is just ambitious as otto. I think the reason it wouldn’t happen is because the Veleyrons and Rhaenyra have a much better relationship than the hightowers, but with that said Corlys would absolutely push for his grandson to be king and that would probably sour the relationship between Rhaenyra and Corlys
I think Corlys would have pushed for his grandson UNTIL it became clear there was no chance of Viserys changing his mind. I don't believe Corlys would have condoned a usurpation.   Also, Corlys has some differences from Otto; he believes a woman can rule, he doesn't have the pressure of being a second son, he would not lose influence when another becomes ruler. And there is also Rhaenys's influence, which I don't think can be underestimated here.
If Rhaenyra still marries Laenor and has her bastards then the Dance will happen a generation or two later. If she marries someone other than Laenor then Corlys does the same as Otto.
Yhea he would, but I think he would be even less enthusiastic about it than he is now
Your poll is asking two different questions.
One thing about Corlys is he’s ambitious but he’s not disloyal. He’s not going to stab someone in the back so his grandchild can be King. He’d be there to support Viserys. He wouldn’t go about things like Otto and Laena would not have gone about things like Alicent. The Velaryon family (Corlys and Rhaenys family) is the most loving and honest family out of all the ones we’ve seen in GOT universe. They’ve done some things of course but compared to all the families, they’re like the perfect royal family haha as perfect as you can get in GOT universe.
This line always assumes that laena and a potential child survives birth, where she canonical has a very difficult birth and then died on the second child. And this was several years later and her having matured somewhat.   If she had kids at the 13/14 that seems to have been common in the books, it's unlikely that the child would survive. Then it's the 50% dice roll to have the kid be male and thus a legal challenge to rhaenyra.  All of this while rhaenyra likely marries Daemon earlier and has his kids, without laena there to distract him, he would pursue Rhaenyra more strongly and then viserys has the choice between his chosen heir with his brother as co-ruler and his baby (son).   And this without Otto constantly pressuring him to name otto's grandson as heir.   It could very likely have broken down into a dance, but the scale would have been far smaller, rhaenyra would only have 2 dragons (+children) vs the 3 of the velaryons (if laena survived or 2 if she doesnt)   But the realm would also not be as divided, as the war would be focused on the crownlands and not spread across the realm, and depending on how the realm sees it, it could be construed as the valeryons trying to usurp the targs, Corlys was already unpopular and seen as overreaching
Velaryons had much more power than Hightowers, I even think they can insist to betroth Rhaenyra with Laena’s son. Also Laena and Rhaenyra are very close in age, and in book was friends (maybe even lovers) so they can find common ground, and even if Rhaenyra lost her position as heir it will be less dramatic for her - she wasn’t get stuck in miserable marriage with Laenor,, got generous compensation and can live as she wants. But maybe Otto still will do everything to start a war, if he save some influence in court and think that Rhaenyra as queen is good for him.
Honestly, I think the big difference between the Velaryons and the hightowers is that the Velaryons would've been smart enough to make sure their interests aligned with the crowns. They would've accepted a betrothal between a daughter of Laena's and Rhaenyra's sons, or even have pushed for Rhaenyra to be betrothed to the oldest son of Viserys and Laena. While the second option wouldn't have been a good thing for either sibling, it probably would've been the best thing for the realm. Rhaenyra probably also wouldnt hate Laena and her kids like she hated Allicent, who in the books she never liked and in the show betrayed her. As such, she wouldnt immediately hate her new siblings the same way and teach her sons to hate their uncles and aunt. The Targaryens would be more likely to listen to the Velaryons and the Velaryons would've been more willing to push, since there's so much shared family and history between them. I think that Otto believed himself to have more power than he did and the blacks thought themselves obviously superior to the greens, making both sides overconfident. In a scenario that only involves the two Valyrian houses, I don't think they would've underestimated each other so much and they would've been more willing to work things out earlier on. All of that being said, I think the Velaryons are certainly ambitious, and there are a lot of balls in the air to keep track of. I think the dance is certainly a strong possibility, but just not a foregone conclusion.
If Rhae is married to Laenor as well then they probably talk it out.  If she isn’t and Daemon sides with her it might still happen, but heavily skewed navy and dragon-wise in favor of the Velaryons so… much more of an uphill battle
Yes, but not to the same degree (if that makes sense lol.)  The whole split between the family only really occured because Viserys married his daughter's best friend.   She had accepted that her father needed to marry again and was even like "alright I guess" when she realized that Laena was the front runner for the role.  She had been anticipating her father to say he was going to marry Laena during the meeting.  She and Viserys were already straining under the grief of Aemma's death but they had actually had a little heart to heart and had appeared on the mend before he blindsided her with his marriage announcement to Alicent.  That betrayal is what fuels her to sort of drift away from both Alicent and her father and begin to rebel against her royal duties.  I'm not saying the dance still wouldn't have happened. In fact, I guarantee that Corlys would have wanted his grandson on the throne.   However, the rift wouldn't have begun as early seeing as Rhaenyra had understood and accepted the potential marriage of Laena and Viserys.  Additionally, a big part of Viserys' initial "my daughter is my heir" stance (especially in the beginning) is because things were so bad between the two of them and he didn't want to lose her even more by making Aegon his heir.   Again, the rift steepened because of the Alicent thing. Had he married Laena he might not have felt so relunctant to make their son his heir over Rhaenyra as they might've had a better relationship at that point. Laena mentions that she wouldn't have to bed Viserys until she was 14 so that would have given Rhaenyra and Viserys at least two years to talk this out. Alicent has Aegon legit like right after they get married and is already two after the time skip meaning Rhaenyra was probably still reeling from the marriage when she heard about the pregnancy.   However, Laena marrying Viserys means that she wouldn't have married Daemon so who knows lol. I imagine Daemon might have married Rhaenyra earlier had he never married Laena.
Corlys is ambitious but I don’t think he’d tear the realm in half for it. We’ve seen that he has the ability to see the error in his ways. I think a lot of people forget that most normal people are interchangeable and have the ability to put aside their personal goals. He’s portrayed as being one of the more level headed people on the show.
Hard to say, the Velaryons and Targaryens are basically the same family since they’ve intermarried so much.   I don’t think Laena would have been as ready to betray Rhaenyras trust and I don’t think Rhaenys would have wanted war either. They’d have let Rhaenyras kids marry Laenas.   Even Corlys didn’t care about the boys actual parentage, it was about having Velaryon names on the throne.
Tbh I don’t think Rhaenys would have allowed Corlys to act against Rhaenyra if Viserys kept her as heir
Corlys believes that names are remembered, not blood. Would he have preferred his own blood on the throne? Yes. Would he let Otto or any othet snake anywhere near Viserys? No.  Would the Crown backed by House Velaryon with Laena as Vhagar's rider be stronger than ever? **Yes.**
I’m going to go against the grain here and say that I don’t think he would. Mostly because he didn’t rebel before when Rhaenys was passed over (First great council) or when Laenor was passed over (Second Great Council). Unless the reason was lack of support at the time, why rebel for a grandson when you wouldn’t for your wife and again for your son?  Also, in the books, it was Laena who betrothed her daughters to Rhaenyra’s sons. So unlike in the show, where Alicent refused to betrothed Helaena to Jace, Laena would have most likely agreed to the same arrangement. Then Corlys’s blood ends up on the Iron Throne without a rebellion. I just don’t see Corlys rebelling to put a grandson on the throne over a great grandchild. If Rhaenyra still marries Laenor, then it would be blood grandson vs adopted grandson married to a granddaughter. It would seem foolish to start the Dance over that.
He would've pushed for it and perhaps started a war over it, but he lacked the cunning and influence Otto had. Lacking a good position at court would mean that Rhaenyra would've been crowned regardless and that Aegon would've had to be the pretender, starting the war from Driftmark, though I doubt he would gain leave from Viserys or his advisors to go there, because of obvious succession issues.
Maybe a further bit down the line
I haven’t seen anyone mention how Rhaenys would feel about it. Anyone?
Do I think the Dance would of happened? No. But do I think that Corlys would push for his grandson or even granddaughter to rule over the Iron Throne, of course, he would. He would be among a couple other Velaryons to be the grandfather to the King of The Iron Throne.  He would absolutely have wanted that but I don't think the Dance of Dragons would have happened.
The real question is: would Rhaenys let him? Would she just stand there and let her husband do to her cousin/daughter-in-law what Jaehaerys/the great council of 101 did to her? Laena and Rhaenyra were friends, would she let her father do this to her causin and her nephews (bastards or not)?
Corlys would have pushed for his grandson to be king, but i do not think he would have usurped. In addition, I think Rhaenyra would have been okay with the marriage, as she would understand Laena/Viserys is a political marriage as opposed to her reaction to Alicent
Ok while i do agree with everyone saying that corlys is a very ambitious man i believe that he would not push it and heres why, while the hightowers seek to control the throne the velaryons see the targaryans as family and are more honorable, they don't seek to control the throne they seek to just be among those near the throne thats why they where perfectly fine with rhanerya marrying laenor they never pushed for more until the question of legitimacy of the children arose and i don't feel that would have arose if viserys married laena
I think Corlys coerces Viserys very early on to marry Aegon and Rhaenyra (I'm assuming Vizzy named the child so the name stays)
Judging from what corelys said before Laenor and rhaeneyra’s marriage about the kids having velaryon name . He was definitely gonna tell the king before the marriage that his grandkids will be rulers and that the king should change his heir because if I remember well that was the whole idea behind that episode, having the king remarry to have an heir.
The real question: if mushroom was actually Rhaenyras dad, would everyone respect her as the one true queen?
Whats the dance?
If they still do the Leanor marriage AND marry the oldest to the oldest of the lyanna marriage. And I guess the second oldest too for driftmark. Then you’d avoid the dance. Any other way and I think you don’t.
Stillfrombrooklyn made a tiktok about this
The only way the dance would of not happened, is if Viserys married Rhea.
The thing is, had Viserys married Laena, Rhaenyra probably *wouldn't* have been married to Laenor. That match was only arranged because the Laena/Viserys betrothal fell through. So the Velaryon line doesn't continue through Rhaenyra, only through Viserys.  Corlys is an ambitious man, but I think he has more integrity than someone like Otto. He  definitely would push for Viserys and Laena's first son (if they had one) to be named Heir over Rhaenyra. And doing so would sour his relationship with Viserys. But I don't think he'd go as far as to spy on Rhaenyra or scheme, especially not with Rhaenys there to keep an eye on him.
The Dance was inevitable. There was no way around it. What destroyed the House of the Dragon was the Dragon Pit.
But his son would be King and his other “grandchildren” would be kings. And to denounce Laenor’s kids and call them bastards would be detrimental to his son which he wouldn’t do.
Exactly this. The only scenario in which the Dance would be avoided was if Viserys never had any sons.
I completely disagree.   Corlys is very ambitious...but he's not callous or deceitful. He cares about his family name, but he also cares about his family.   He's no Otto Hightower. He's not insane.
I disagree.   Without Otto, there is no dance of dragons.  Coryls isn't cruel and manipulative like Otto...he wouldn't have put his own children and grandchildren at risk like Otto...he wouldn't have wanted war like Otto.  Coryls also knows that his grandsons would still be Targaryans, so there still wouldn't be a Velarian on the throne, so why bother?
The biggest variable is if Rheanyra still married Leanor or not. If that match still happens Corlys is just choosing between one grandchild or the other. I know that he’s ambitious but he’s also not shown to be completely impractical and I doubt he cuts off his nose to spite his face for one grandchild over the other.
Not any child. Boy. Even Laena’s daughter can’t move Rhaenyra from her position.
Why would he tolerate Strong bastards when he has actual heirs with Velaryons bloods?
But I think he would react differently once he realized the boys were bastards. He supported Jace and Luke because they were at least Velaryons in name. But if he had the option of choosing a King that was Velaryon in name *and* genetics, I think he would support that.
In the book Baela and Rhaena are betrothed to Jace and Luke basically in the crib, "history doesn't remember blood it remembers names" from the show is a nice line and all but it was pretty out of character to portray Corlys as willing to see his bloodline cut off from both the iron throne and the driftwood throne like that, the betrothal in the book is basically a guarantee for Corlys for his bloodline to not be cut off.  Corlys being so accepting of the situation without the guarantee of the betrothal to Daemon and Laena's daughters at the time seemed like rather an odd thing the showrunners tried to push.
I love how people were cheering him on and calling him a loving grandfather for saying, "History doesn't remember blood, it remembers names." As if that was something that was meant to be heartwarming and sweet, but yet the moment his OWN blood shows up look how quickly he forgets and all of the sudden history does remember blood. Like you said there is nothing to suggest he wouldn't go to war
I love how people were cheering him on and calling him a loving grandfather for saying, "History doesn't remember blood, it remembers names." As if that was something that was meant to be heartwarming and sweet, but yet the moment his OWN blood shows up look how quickly he forgets and all of the sudden history does remember blood. Like you said there is nothing to suggest he wouldn't go to war
The reason he pushed for Addam and Alyn is because the side of the war Corlys is fighting on wants to put Jacaerys on the throne as king, and not push him for the claim on Driftmark. Addam and Alyn are better canidates for Driftmark than Joffery because they are teenagers opposed to a small child. Also the Hulls are very strongly implied to be Corlys' sons, so Corlys' ambition in the book was less him favoring his bastards over his grandsons and more trying to advance his grandson to king and have his bastards elevated to nobility.
the issue with that is that Daemon marrying Laena and having daughters with her who can then be married to Jace and Luke (who are not Laenor's true sons) sort of sweetened the deal later down the line, this would not have been possible under such a scenario and Corlys would have more than likely pushed for his own true born grandson from Laena and Viserys to inherit the throne.
but if his options are Laena’s legitimate children inheriting the throne or Laenor’s illegitimate children, which would he choose to support?
Leonor and Rheanyra probably wouldn’t have married under those circumstances. That would’ve made the Velaryons far too powerful
I agree, Corlys is ambitious but he has more honour than Otto. He would have tried to get Laena’s son named heir but if that failed he wouldn’t go as far as just usurping the throne.
This, I like this.
Otto will not have his own side. He just will not have clame on throne, even if Alicent give birth to bastard from Viserys. Look at Bittersteel. But he will support each side which will be opposed Daemon.
Rhaenys would have supported her grandson over Rhaenyra
agreed i dont belive they would push cause unlike the Hightower's who want control OVER the throne, the velaryans just want to be among those around the throne because most of the continent sees them as second hand to the targaryens
Where does the notion that Corlys is loyal come from
This right here👆🏾
Why would she care about Rhaenyra instead of her grandchildren?
Rhaenys would one hundred percent support her grandson as king over Rhaenyra.
If Laena becomes Queen, Rhaenyra and Laenor wouldn't have been married, she would marry into another House
The gender is chosen by the sperm basically its the father who choses the gender so viserys would still end up with a boy
The dude that wanted to marry of his 11 year old daughter to a 30+ year old Viserys (that bred his last wife until she died) and not 5 years later decided to marry her off to Daemon (who only recently had truthful rumors about killing his wife)?  And who showed no care towards Laenor when his sister died.. Right he is such a family man
He literally made Laenor marry Rhaenyra and put his grandchildren at risk by declaring for the Blacks.
I highly doubt Rhaenyra still marries Laenor in that situation. They only married because Viserys wanted to make up for him not marrying Laena, which he wouldn't need to do if had married her. She probably ends up marrying Harwin since she has some time decide and realizes her connection with him. Or she marries Daemon right off the bat.   Even if Rhaenyra does marry Laenor, the kids would still not be his biologically. And if Corlys was choosing between grandkids, he would pick the ones actually genetically related to him. He's willing to support Jace and Luke because he wants the Velaryon name on the throne. If he can get a Velaryon in name *and* genetics, even better.
One true born son of the King vs a bastard with no Valaryon blood.   In the books he has Adam legitimized and made his heir while Jace and Joffrey were still alive.   He clearly prefers his own blood inheriting.  Again nothing indicates that he wouldn’t push for his blood on the throne, that’s his greatest ambition.
Because that publicly calls his son and heir a liar and delegitimizes his claim to Driftmark which Vaemond would make moves for.
Rhaenyra could propose a match between her firstborn son and Laena's firstborn daughter, just like she did on the show with Jacaerys and Helaena. If Viserys and Laena agree to the proposal, then Corlys will have no choice but to accept it as well. He'll win anyway.  If they don't, then the Dance will still happen.
Aegon and Jahaerys had Velaryon mothers. Either set of heirs would have Velaryon blood.
I can accept Jace. But Joffrey is also alive at the time and also considering the fact Luke was his heir since Leanor died (when Luke was even younger than Joffrey) the argument isn’t really strong.   He’s elevating Jace but he’s completly denying Joffrey a claim. That he tells people that they are Leanor instead of his own (remember at this point Rheanys is dead so she can do shit against it) tells me he wants them to directly inherit. The could still be legitmized as his son and be put behind Joffrey but they aren’t. Instead they inherit immediately completly erasing Joffreys possible claim
If Laena still ends up with daughters and Rhaenyra still ends up with sons shouldnt it still be possible?
It’s hard to say. “History remembers names, not blood” and all that. We don’t really know the details of Laenor and Rhaenyra trying to have children. Maybe Joffrey’s death traumatized him and he wasn’t able to perform for a long time, so perhaps this scenario would lead to them at least having one legitimate heir. But of course he might be sterile. Maybe if Laena and Daemon never marry, there’s a chance Daemon and Rhaenyra could have children and it would be much harder to claim they aren’t legitimate because they’d have Rhaenyra’s looks.
Not if it meant war.
He’s loyal to his son where many fathers wouldn’t be as loyal or loving knowing he was gay. Doesn’t treat his daughter like shit, doesn’t treat his wife like shit. Doesn’t treat his grandchildren that he knows are bastards like shit. Doesn’t back out of supporting Rhaenyra even though he 100% could have. Should I keep going? Can you say all these things about others in the GOT universe besides perhaps Lyonel Strong?
Nothing to do with it being her grandchildren, or even caring about Rhaenyra, she is a Targaryen, why would she want to cause infighting within her own house? Knowing full well many dragons (and possibly her grandchildren and children) will die
I agree but I don’t think she would support a war within her family
Not necessarily. Double marriage alliances aren't unheard of at all and would just bind the families closer together.
I agree, but in OP’s discussion he is saying that basically everything else would be the same as it is
Does he speak truly, Vizzy T?
The father doesn't choose anything. The spermatozoid that meets the egg might carry either the X chromosome or the Y one, but the father has literally no control over it.
Yeah that isn’t how any of that works.
He also waited until a Targaryen princess was of age so that he could marry her with him initially planning to marry Daella, Rhaenys aunt except he failed to win her over after which he married the teenage Rheanys well into his thirties the man care more about his ambition than his family >!it only after he starts to lose everything he built that he began to value family more than glory even than he still disrespect his family by placing bastard who may or may not be his sons over his true born granddaughters.!<
He even said if it come to war, they have the ability to fight it.
> He literally made Laenor marry Rhaenyra  Oh, he made his son marry the most powerful woman in Westeros, I guess that proves...what?  Like, what does that prove?   > put his grandchildren at risk by declaring for the Blacks.  ...and what does this prove?  You haven't made any claims!  You're just talking about shit he's done without explaining how his actions contradict my statement.   How about you complete a thought, then get back to me?
I would agree rhaenyra probably doesn’t marry Leanor anymore in that situation but it gets hard to speculate when we start changing a bunch of variables at once. Vizzy T, Leana, Deamon, and Alicent are already having their spouse and descendants changed in this hypothetical adding more makes a scenario that already has a bunch of moving parts even more hard to speculate on.
In the show he also says “history doesn’t remember blood, only names”. He is probably just working with what he has in that case and would prefer a more legitimate heir but there is a difference between preferring something and driving a massive entire conflict that leads to him in the same position at the end of it in the best case scenario and destroys him and his house in the worst case scenario.
He had Adam legitimized because he was the same age as Jacaerys. The claim for Driftmark was never intended for Jacaerys. I don't know why so many people are thinking advancing Addam is some sort of slight against Jacaerys when the claim they are literally going to war over would put Jacaerys on the throne. Addam is also very likely at this point to be Corlys' oldest living son, even if Joffery was to be named lord of Driftmark the job is going to end up falling to Addam anyway as regent until Joff is old enough. Corlys was trying to advance for legitimizing the Hulls to position his sons and grandsons in court that most favors the Velaryon name, not as a slight to Rhaenyra and her children. In my opinion it is a skewed take that ignores that the Hulls are also bastards and only implied to be Velaryon by blood...no one can even confirm whom is their father.
Do you think Corlys would act against the bastards  if Laenor still “lived” and was king consort?
No he can just act like she tricked him. Plus lets be real everyone knows they are lying
Joffery is literally a toddler, also he was never in line for Driftmark. In inheritance the senior blood claim always goes before the minor claim. As Rhaenyra's son, he was always intended to be Jacaerys' heir until there was children. Even when Jacaerys had an heir, Joffery would still be a prince and 3rd in line to the throne. If anything, advancing Joffery's claim to Driftmark was already overkill due to circumstances, he never needed it.
&#x200B;  >He’s elevating Jace but he’s completly denying Joffrey a claim.   >   >That he tells people that they are Leanor instead of his own (remember at this point Rheanys is dead so she can do shit against it) tells me he wants them to directly inherit.  You're having to twist what happened and ignore the basic rules of succession to make it seem like Corlys was trying to disinherit Joffrey.  Addam was the heir to Driftmark after being legitimized because he's older than Joffrey. Corlys wasn't the one to say that Laenor was Addam and Alyn's father either. Their mother refused to say who their father was until Jace started looking for dragon riders.
He was literally willing to go to war to protect his wife’s claim when Viserys father Baelor was placed as heir, he only gave it up because he was outmatched in the council.   The reason the Great Council was called was over the fear of Daemon and Corlys fighting each other.   What gave you the impression that Corlys would sit aside when he has a chance to make his Grandson King?
Wanted to sell of his 11 year old daughter, did not give a fuck about his son when he was crying at his funeral, supported some bastards inheriting driftmark instead of his actual granddaughters.  And when was he shown to be loving towards Laenor?
He was already prepared to go to war over the throne before the events of the show.  He started a war against the King’s wishes.  When Viserys declined his offer to marry 12 year Laena, Corlys threw a fit and fucked off to start building alliances in Braavos.  He would 100% start a war if Viserys passed over Laena’s son and kept Rhaenyra as heir and he was no different than Otto.
If Laena gets a male heir Rhaenys is going to support her grandchildren not the chick that had no real claim or qualities to rule
I hadn't even considered a scenario where Viserys marries Laena and Rhaenyra marries Laenor. It wouldn't be unlikely, and it would definitely have kept Corlys in line. In fact, if they then betrothed their kids like Rhaenyra and Daemon did, the dance certainly never would've happened.
INSTEAD OF BEING BY MY SIDE, YOU CHOSE TO CELEBRATE YOUR OWN RISE, LAUGHING WITH YOUR WHORES AND YOUR LICKSPITTLES!
Wait you don’t decide to just release your X or Y sperm when you cum? What’s wrong with you? I make sure to only cum Y sperm when I have sex.
What is this shadow? Name it, if it casts such a gloom
So just baseless speculation?   He literally was willing to fight Viserys to put Leanor on the throne, but somehow magically you believe that with even more support and dragons, he would stand aside?   Please stop making up things to prove your point. The text is extremely clear where Corlys ambition lies.  His house wouldn’t be destroyed. If Leana marries Viserys, he has such an overwhelming advantage that Rhaenyra wouldn’t even dream of challenging.
Everyone already knew were lying though and Corlys and Rhaenys knew they were lying. Vaemond died and they didn’t care because the lineage is all that matters.
Joffrey was not a toddler in the books. As we don’t know how the show will handle the matter I will wait and see on that.   But then why give Lucerys the claim and let him inherit? Joffrey works just as well as Luke did. There is literally no proof that Joffrey was always going to be Jaces heir. He only becomes prince of dragonstone when both of his older brothers died.   If we accept Jace, Luke and Joffrey as Leonors sons: It clear that one of the will inherit Driftmark. Since Jace can’t it’s Luke. When Luke died the inheritance should logically go to Joffrey but Corlys makes it literally a price for her loyalty that Alyn and Addam are legitimazed and pushed before Joffrey. He tells everyone they are Leaonr so they will be pushed in front of Joffrey.  If he had said from the get go they were his Joffrey would’ve inherited before they did and only when Jace died would they have a claim to Driftmark, instead he mad sure that Joffrey had no possible claim
Because nothing I've seen suggests he would defy a King's wishes over matters of succession. And every defiance that Corlys has done has been public and within bounds, whether that's protesting against Viserys declining to marry Laena or taking up arms in the Stepstones to protect his interests. Corlys says in his speech to Rhaenyra that Viserys's rule was one of justice and honour and I believe those qualities matter to him.  He never raised an army when Baelon was named heir, if I remember correctly. And it could be interpreted that the arms he raised against Daemon were defensive (confined to Driftmark) and as a response to his provocation. They made no show of force at the Great Council, just of wealth.  And there's nothing to say that Corlys would have any more significant an advantage in THIS fight vs when Jaehaerys passed over. What makes this so special, other than, perhaps, it's another slight. But something that Viserys could try to soothe over the decades it takes until he dies.
Sell off his daughter? I mean if you look at it that way I guess but just in the times and how it was based on tradition, that’s just how it was. I didn’t see it as him just sending her off with some madman never to be seen again and he’s getting paid or something. Lol didn’t care when his son was crying at the funeral haha ok if you’re going to hold that against his character, again when comparing to all the other guys in this series then you just must be 100% perfect human haha again, compared to others, he’s not that bad of a guy. I’d have to imagine even your own father didn’t always do things perhaps you considered the right way of going about it in that exact moment.
>He started a war against the King’s wishes.  Corlys ships were being attacked. He didn't start that war.
Unless his trueborn grandchildren get passed over by Rhaenyra's bastards, which they will
“Baseless speculation” lol I literally put a quote that I’m basing the speculation on. He’s ambitious but ambition means advancing one’s status, he doesn’t stand to advance himself, his house, or anything in this case… you’re the one baselessly speculating.
Yeah and now he would have had some actual male heirs that arn't bastards.. of course he would support them.
Lucerys was given the claim because Rhaenyra was fortunate to have three sons. If a third son was not born, the claim to Driftmark would go to Rhaena as Luke would be in the position of his brother's heir. When Luke died, if Addam and Alyn weren't in the picture it would go to Rhaena due to Joffery getting kicked up to 3rd in line for the throne. Advancing the Hulls would not change Joffery's intended position. The only one potentially shortchanged was Rhaena.
>When Luke died the inheritance should logically go to Joffrey but **Corlys makes it literally a price for her loyalty** that Alyn and Addam are legitimazed and pushed before Joffrey.  Corlys didn't make that a price for his loyalty. The book say:  *In this instance, it must be said, the tale told by the fool seems more likely than the versions offered by septon and maester. Many and more at Queen Rhaenyra’s court must surely have suspected the same. If so, they held their tongues. Not long after Addam of Hull had proved himself by flying Seasmoke, Lord Corlys went so far as to petition Queen Rhaenyra to remove the taint of bastardy from him and his brother. When Prince Jacaerys added his voice to the request, the queen complied. Addam of Hull, dragonseed and bastard, became Addam Velaryon, heir to Driftmark.*
The fact that Leanor would be grown with Seasmoke and a Vhagar under Leana. He tried it with one dragon, but wouldn’t with even more advantages?  He was willing to defy Jaehaerys but Viserys wishes would be enough to stop him? Lol.
Soooo how is Otto using Alicent evil but Colrys using Laena not? Plus he literally married Laena off to a madman and never saw her again...
In the show, Rhaenyra wanted to betroth Jace to Helaena, so it stands to reason that she would make the same offer for a daughter of Laena's (and the Velaryons would have no reason to refuse). She also made the decision to betroth her two oldest sons to Laena's daughters with Daemon in both book and show. I see no reason she wouldn't have done the same thing if Laena and her father have daughters. In a scenario where her and supposedly Laenor's children are betrothed to Viserys and Laena's daughters, I don't think Corlys would object to Rhaenyra's fake Velaryon's taking both the throne and driftmark, even if Viserys and Laena had a son that was being passed over. His blood and name would still be on the throne.
So you think he would fight for a bastard over a true born son? He literally doesn’t have a choice, Jace is all he has, and once Adam shows up he dumps him and Joffrey immediately and names him heir.   So yea baseless speculation. It’s very clear what the text says.
He would support the best option for both. Getting his family onto the Iron Throne AND keeping Driftmark is his number one goal.   It’d like Tywin just handing over Casterly Rock to Kevan when Cersei had Joffery. He was making plans to get Jaime out of the Kingsguard and would have given it to Tyrion before letting any of siblings get it.
Where was that ever stated? If what you say is true wouldn’t it make more sense to make Joffrey inherit from the get go when one son is the soare anyway? But Luke was the heir to Driftmark (after Leanor) from the moment he was born.
But he never defied Jaehaerys once an heir was named, did he? When Baelon was named, he took his wife back to Driftmark. When Viserys was named, he did the same. He has never threatened to go to war against the Crown.
Rhaenyra only made that offer because she was desperate after people finally started being done with her having bastards after nr 3.  And you really think Colrys will accept bastard children if he can his his own grandson be king?
He doesn’t toss Jace aside, Jace is heir to the iron throne lol and he works with Rhaenyra to legitimize them not fight her over it.   The quote you originally shared about his line “one day one of them would sit the iron throne”. To your point yes he is ambitious but he’s also shown to be pragmatic and he would already have obtained the goal in that quote, why would he risk his entire position to end up in the same position later.
>So you think he would fight for a bastard over a true born son?   Why are you talking as if Corlys would have someone to fight in the first place? The choices would be between his grandchild and his "grandchild" who actually his cousin. Corlys might want Laena's kid to be made heir, but he's not going to out his son's kids as bastards and then start a war over it. That would be idiotic.   >He literally doesn’t have a choice, Jace is all he has, and once Adam shows up   Adam didn't just "show up". He and his brother were there the entire time.
That is inheritance works in the real world. Just because they don't have something now, doesn't mean they won't have it later, nor that it might go to a different family member. Luke is called the heir of Driftmark at birth  under the presumption that the crown goes to Rhaenyra and Jace. The language in the script vastly simplifies the situation because in universe it would be common knowledge.   Prior to Joffery's birth Luke would be both presumed heir of Driftmark and presumed future prince of Dragonstone (once the crown went to Jace, until Jace fathered heirs of his own, natch). Calling him heir of Driftmark was also because the character was introduced the same day the sibling filling the *in practice* placeholder title in his stead was born.   After Corlys' death, if Luke is unavailable to inherit it goes to Joff *unless* Jace has him as heir, in which case it goes to a child of Laena who can take that role, Rhaena. Having a 3rd son basically freed Luke of holding both potential claims and also left a potential opening for Laena's heirs to take Driftmark instead of Laenor's.    Addam or Alyn getting Driftmark would not take away Joffery's place as a potential claimant to the throne as he would still have a claim even if he chooses not to claim it as prince.
Only when the council heavily voted against him and knowing he wouldn’t win.   In the case of the Kings trueborn eldest son, he would have far more support and far more dragons.   Rhaenyra refused the calls of a Great Council because she knew she would lose there.   He had the Celitagars and the Starks, who supported Rhaenyra on his side, and would get the Lannisters and Hightower if Daemon and Rhaenyra gets married.   With such overwhelming odds, Rhaenyra wouldn’t even stand a chance.   Vhagar, Maelys, Seasmoke and whatever dragons the children have.  He was willing to fight for Leanor who was the great grandson of the eldest born son of the King, but you think he wouldn’t fight for the eldest born son of the King? With only dragon he tried to fight but with multiple in hand he would stand aside?
Yes, I do. He explicitly told his wife that he cared more about names than blood. He was perfectly willing to accept that those were Laenor's children, and if a bastard son called Velaryon is going to be married to his blood, he'd consider that a win-win. He's certainly not going to tear apart the realm and kill one part of his family just to put another part of his family on the throne instead. Not when his legacy and influence will be the same either way, and not when it could potentially involve killing his son and publically calling him a cuckold. And I know that Rhaenyra was scared when she proposed that Jace and Helaena should be married, but my point is that it was something she was willing to do, that Viserys was enthusiastic about, and that it's politically savvy. It's such an obviously good move that it would almost be a given, if Viserys had married Laena.
Because Jace is also married to Baela so his blood is still on the throne. He marries then off when they are kids to ensure this.   If Leana marries Viserys, are you planning to spawn Baela out of thin air?  There is no way he is supporting Jace who isn’t of his blood over a true born son of the King who is of his blood.
While I find it kinda doubtful to use real worlds inheritance in asoiaf I’ll entertain you.  If what you say is true Joffrey was still ignored because at this point everyone expected Jace to have children at some point. He promised Cregan his first born daugther and he is betrothed to Beala. Shouldn’t be Joffrey heir again the second Jace has a child? Corlys however makes sure that Addam and then Alyn inherit there are no hints that he planed to put Joffrey before them instead of Jace. If he would’ve just called them his own sons from the get go Joffrey would still have to chance to inherit but calling them Leanor sons takes every chance of him inhereting away.  Also following your logic at the point of Lucerys death he should not be called heir anymore when he died as he was Jace direct heir but he was just heir presumptive yet he still is the heir of Driftmark because everyone assumes Jace will have children.  It’s the same with Joffrey. With Luke out of the picture he’s heir presumptive but for the time being also assumed heir of Driftmark. You can’t completly bypass someone in line even in the real world.
When he says that he has the chance between girls and bastard boys, no true heir. But if Laena had a heir he would for sure choose him above the obvious  bastards
>There is no way he is supporting Jace who isn’t of his blood  Yeah that’s just baseless speculation. There is a direct quote from the show of him saying he doesn’t care about blood, only names.
GRRM based Westeros inheritance on English medieval inheritance. There is zero guarantee that Jace has an heir>! He doesn't.!< Or that Jace lives long enough to be crowned.>!He doesn't.!< It is why royalty and nobles are encouraged to have as many children as possible, it is way better to have a lot of spare titleless potential heirs than have the entire line go extinct because there were no one left. It is the same reason Viserys was pressured to marry and have more children even with two potential heirs at the age of majority. There wasn't an attitude of "no need, what if there is a son?" The more children born to a monarch the better. It is not a end of story simply because someone else has the job at the time, as long as Joff lives, he has a potential claim even if the job goes to his brotheruncles or sisteraunts.   The civil war happened because Viserys spent a large amount of his reign without any children, his chosen heir was a woman, and the late King Jaehaerys inserted gender politics only one generation prior (people tend to ignore how YOUNG of a dynasty the Targaryens were, they had only 4 rulers and half of the successions were due to bloodshed not birthorder or gender tradition).   It would take only aging, accident, or illness and suddenly those extra kids in the wings are a godsend whether for the crown or the holdings of the cadet branch of the family. Joffery won't be bypassed by what Corlys was proposing with the Hulls. Regardless if he is only a temporary heir, he is still a prince of the blood. If any of Jacaerys children don't live to the age of majority (a common thing in medieval England and Westeros, most of Jaehaerys many children did not make it to adulthood), Joffery is there to take up the role. Several Westeros kings only got the crown because they outlived the previous rulers' heirs or the ruler just couldn't conceive any>!(or in one case went crazy and determined to die a virgin)!<
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tessarion.
He's arguably the most competent among the Green siblings.  Aegon is bed-ridden and sidelined after one battle.  Aemond is a psycho who gets tricked by Daemon then proceeds to throw a hissy fit by burning the Riverlands before getting killed.  Helaena is severely traumatized after B&C and does not participate in the war.
These comments really make me feel most people here read the wiki then claim they read the book.   Daeron was the reason the Greens retained control in the Reach. His come from behind victory at Honeywine. Getting knighted. Getting multiple houses to bow to Aegon's rule. Them the sack of Bitterbridge. That gave him optics of a dragonrider who had the ability to not show mercy.   After the Two Betrayers incident, Daeron was the only one trying to stop Tumbleton from being raided. And then remember for a while, he was considered the king essentially because his brothers were either dead or missing. And then Tumbleton pt 2 which in itself was a legendary fight.   Guy is a big deal and these are just his accomplishments. His character itself seems like one of honorable intentions yet not without flaws. A solid character. His mirroring with Addam is also very interesting.
He was mildly competent and not a *total* psychopath, so that's pretty good for the Greens. And throwing wine on Hugh was just correct
He seemed to be the best of Alicent’s brood.
I would guess it is excitement over seeing a face that has not been revealed yet as there is some hype over other not yet portrayed characters as well.  The cast is pretty small in comparison to GoT, which was constantly throwing new names and faces at you, so any new characters would be welcome.
He was able to ride his dragon into battle without getting taken out by a grappling hook.
He is only one of the alicent children who comes across as normal. But that's about it. I have seen a lot of daeron praise but they didn't read book. Because some guy was saying to me daeron threw wine when they wanted to make him king. Smh he threw wine at Hugh when he called himself king. Meaning Hugh was saying he should be king not daeron. Daeron fights for green's side and burns their enemies in battle. That's about it. After the battle of tumbleton, he just looks on basically as others fight each other and rape and sack the place.  He is shown as helpless and then he probably died in his tent when Adam velaryon did a surprise attack. He's okay. Jace at his age is better and Jace is one of the main reasons blacks gained so many allies.  George RR Martin write about him that Jace was worthy heir to the throne. But for some reason Jace is underrated. Don't know why.
Having read the book recently I’m on the same page as you OP. He doesn’t seem like that big a deal. I can only assume it’s just because he’s quite a key figure for the greens who who (inexplicably) left out the show so the hype is there.
Daeron is a hero for blacks. He was so incompetent that Rhaenyra was saved.
Well reading all of this, he sounds boring haha
I read the book and you just made him Aegon the conquerer even though out of all dragon riders, he had the easiest battles to fight. He is very over hyped by fandom only because he's known as "daring".  His uncle lord Hightower named him "daeron the daring". But he basically scouted and looked for enemies during battles and rained fire upon them from his dragon. At one point in battle against Alan beesbury and others lord's etc, Hightowers were losing. Blacks were winning but Daeron came from behind and they lost. Another great Battle At tumbleton, 2 of Rhaenyra 's bannermen betrayed her along with 2 of of her dragonriders betrayed her when Greens offered them gold, titles etc. That victory was also very easy for him. There was basically no threat touching him in sky. Aftermath of tumbleton is rape, murder and pillage by Greens of everyone in town and Daeron can't do anything. Daeron asks Ser Herbert Hightower to order them to stop, but army don't stop and Daeron is helpless though he is disgusted by it. The leaders of Greens are actually leading the debauchery and infighting starts on who would be next in charge. Few days later Addam of hull comes and destroy everybody including two dragons. One of these is Daeron's Dragon riderless tessarion. He's most competent of Alicent's sons but he basically did what Leonor did at stepstones. Basically just dracarys. Nothing more than that.
Didn’t Daeron’s role in Tumbleton part 2 consist of him dying to his tent? I agree with the other responder, Daeron is probably the most overhyped of the Greens. He literally does the bare minimum in battle (actually attacking relevant military targets unlike Aemond who burns random villages in the Riverlands), is responsible for one of the most horrific acts of civilian mass murder, and then dies to a tent.
can't wait to see that scene on tv where he throws wine on Huge C*nt Hammer's face
getting killed by a tent though...
I swear some of y'all are like lurking around the corner in any given post just waiting to turn this shit into a pissing match. Because tf does this have to do with anything? 💀
Finally someone said it!!!! Like are they reading internet wikipedia or what? Anyone who has genuinely read fire and blood knows he's not some great conquerer. I'd say I am more impressed by Addam and how he alone convinced Tully's to join Rhaenyra's cause. Alone and secretly he lead an assault on Hightowers army and green bannermen and killed biggest threats including 2 dragons. One of them is the biggest dragon vermithor. If anything he, and Jace were the trump cards of backs. Dragonriders were jace's idea. Legitimizing Addam and his brother Alyn was jace's idea. Winning important houses, going there personally was also jace's idea. I really wanted to see what more they'd do if they grew up. Like they would be best buds probably. And his brother Alyn is equally awesome like how Alyn was about to attack dragonstone to save baela from Aegon until corlys stopped him. Best boys ever!
Geez, I used to think you were rational person, lol.
And now she is dragon feces
Majority of the people who like him don't see "Daeron the Daring" and get excited. It his character that is interesting. After Honeywine, he didn't even take credit and gave it all to his dragon, showing his humble attitude. Compare that to most of the Targaryens in the Dance who see dragons as extension of themselves and feel they're superior to other humans.  During Tumbleton he was sick of the sack and ordered Hobert to make it stop. Of course, Daeron couldn't take control of the army. He wasn't their commander and let's not forget he's still a 16yr old kid.   The Caltrops had powerful lords, but they still respected Daeron enough to ask his permission to kill the two betrayers.   None of these actions i mentioned talk about his dragon. Its his character that makes people love him.
After that, Hammer said that Daeron hadn't been flogged enough and he would fix it. And Daeron did nothing.
in a sneak attack
While on foot and in a sneak attack.How do you get taken out while on a dragon, by someone not on a dragon
Why would i give a serious response to a shitpost
The only two things I'll credit Jace is his dragonseeds idea and making Corlys Hand. His diplomacy is way too overrated. The Arryns sided with Rhaenyra because she's a part Arryn herself and the a woman was currently sitting in the Eyrie. If she rejects Rhaenyra then she even denies herself any right to her own seat.   The Starks also sided with Rhaenyra not because of something clever from Jace, but only because he told Cregan that he'll make one of his brothers to marry one of Cregan's daughters.  Addam...i just don't understand the love for him. He got the lottery for GRRM's plot. He shouldn't have been able to gather such a large force in a short amount of time. The riverlands keep spawning men. I mean, whatever. People who love Addam won't stop loving him, so you do you.
Only facts. After Ormund's death, the troops of the greens lost control. Daeron was incapable of leading. Three dragons (including the largest in the world) and a huge army turned out to be incapable of combat. Ulf raped women and gave them to his dragon, the whole city in cruelty and no one cares about the war. Soldiers don't know who their king - Hammer (bastard) or Daeron lol.  If there had been someone competent, Rhaenyra would not have stood a chance.
When did I say that people loved him because of his dragons. His liege lords asked his permission to kill the betrayers, how is it a testament to his character? If you think it is. Then fine let it be. But didn't those two betrayers betrayed Rhaenyra first and they were coerced by Greens to do so themselves? Only when they showed them the same treatment they started disliking them. Lol in this case Greens reaped what they sow.
Neither did Hugh Hammer. It was clearly an empty threat.
Starks supported Rhaenys too without any marriage alliance. Even Greens knew in book that starks would probably support Rhaenyra because they supported Rhaenys in great council of 101 AC when they checked the record of who voted who. It's not only marriage alliance that brought them in the fold but also principle.
His army came from house Tully who his lands weren’t and men weren’t touched in the war The riverlands army out of nowhere probably gonna come again in the  second red wedding  in the books
We've already had this conversation, like three or four times. You're overstating your case; Daeron was 15 or 16 during this, and had *zero* formal authority over the Two Betrayers or the Hightower armies. The army had no clear leader, and expecting him to take charge is unrealistic. I don't see Daeron as being the next Napoleon or Caesar or whatever, but you are being rather unfair to the character.
Literally half your paragraph was talking about how Daeron got the easiest battles to fight and did nothing. I only pointed out how his character wasn't defined by his dragon at all, but his personality.   The Caltrops were sick of the betrayers, but still accepted Daeron's authority to the point where they wouldn't move a muscle until Daeron gives them permission to do so. It's the respect factor. They're powerful lords and still deferred to him.   >But didn't those two betrayers betrayed Rhaenyra first and they were coerced by Greens to do so themselves? Only when they showed them the same treatment they started disliking them. Lol in this case Greens reaped what they sow.  I mean, yes. Your point? The discussion is on Daeron's character and not the competence of Green commanders in question. Daeron didn't have much say in the acceptance of the two betrayers. He wasn't the overall commander of the Hightower army. It was Ormund and later, his cousin.
Hammer was crowned the next day lol. He was crowned! Imagine!
True, but your point makes Jace look even worse, because the Starks were going to support Rhaenyra regardless of Jace trying to convince them. They made oaths wanted to fulfill them.
I thought that they supported Rhaenys because they were mad at the crown for giving away Northern land for the new gift.
I don't remember names  users. To me, Daeron is a boy who never acts on his own and lives in a fantasy world. Ormund protected him from the cruel reality. Ormund died and everything went to hell. For the Greens, this is the point of no return in the war.
Yeah...it was still an empty threat though.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The prophecy just says someone from Targaryen descent not sure how explaining it will change anything.   Rhaenyra thinks it’s her and Alicent thinks it’s her son Aegon.
No. Alicent heard what she wanted to hear and used it to give a righteous spin to her quest to put Aegon on the throne. She's not an idiot. If even a hungover Aegon could immediately know it was bullshit, Alicent certainly knew. And while the context of Viserys swearing for many years that it was Rhaenyra's bloodline would help, it would not sway Alicent and Otto also would have usurped anyway.
No. The whole point is that Alicent misunderstood bc she WANTED to hear what she thought she heard. Ironically, had Rhaenyra been given the chance to clarify, Alicent and Otto would accuse her of lying most likely.
Alicent knows nothing about Targaryen history, so when she heard aegon, it made sense that there was only one aegon she could think of.
Right…Viserys spoke threat in the north and some things and Alicent only heard Aegon..She wanted to believe that Aegon was named heir when there was no actual meaning in viserys’s words..She just convinced herselft and will suffer the consequences for it
what about Rhaenyra's Aegon? :)
There was plenty of meaning in what Viserys was saying. She just didn't have the proper context.
Do you really think anyone would believe he was talking about rhaenyra's aegon when he has absolutely not as much claim to the throne as many before him, no one even knew the baby existed until the day before. The battle/game of thrones in hotd was between Rhaenyra, the heir to the throne and Aegon, the king's firstborn son. So like I said earlier, it made sense that alicent thought he was talking about Aegon ll.
sorry, I thought you were joking about Alicent not knowing Targaryen history and made a follow up joke.  Alicent is a noble, she attended lessons  alongside Rhaenyra, and Aegon's conquest would have been one of the first things she would have learned about. (remember the scene where Rhaenyra rips a page out of a history book, they were studying history together)
But that’s the thing with prophecy-no one really knows. >!Aegon III DID end up being SUPER important, though Rhaenyra herself likely never realized it. But ultimately, it was Viserys II whose bloodline the prophecy referred to.!<
Yea even Arya knows about Aegon’s conquest let alone a dutiful noble like Alicent who grew up in old town.
And that means she knows about Aegon's dream to have had an inclination that it was what a dying man who could not speak coherently or even recognize who was with him was talking about?
Aegon's dream is also supposed to be a Targaryen family secret that (at this point at least) is only passed down to heirs. Even if she knows her histories, why would Alicent know anything about that?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They posted a photo of the main cast at a table reading the day they started production. Then they announced the younger rhaenyra and alicent about 2 months into filming.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Urrax  Simply cuz it reminds me of Uther Pendragon and I have to get sad about BBC Merlin again
Shrykos partially because he just gets killed but mainly because his name is an absolute bitch for my dyslexia.
Urrax
Urrax never heard of them
What about Malygos
The cannibal image is literally the heartstone card of Malygos..
Some nitpicks: Morning is _Rhaena_'s dragon, not Baela's. Baela has Moondancer. Grey "Gosht" (Ghost) is also misspelled, as are "Synfire" (Sunfyre), "Vemithor" (Vermithor) and "Meraxis" (Meraxes).
please do strawpoll :’) this is too complicated
Urrax, hardly has an impact on the story
Meraxes didn't even have the excuse of "kind of forgetting" the Dornish existed.
My vote remains the same.  Arrax for getting home slice Luke killed.
what about the dragon that puts balerion to shame, terrax belonging to house belaerys. one of if not the most powerful Valyrian house
Why are you using fanart for dragons weve already seen?
Clearly Shrykos!! He was no use(same for Morghul)!
Urrax
Arrax, too small, if he had more time than maybe I wouldn’t pick him
Synfire
Syrax you must go
Arrax, Cya
Arrax for obvious reasons
Why do dragons such as Balerion and Vhagar not have all the riders annotated under the picture?
Syrax the useless
Urrax, he’s just a myth
This is going to be so much harder.
Part of me wants to vote for Syrax simply because she's the most useless and wasted dragon that is actually present in part of the story for any meaningful amount of time. But it makes more sense to get rid of Urrax first.
What the fuck's an Urrax
Urrax
seasmoke
Where is Nagga? Can’t wait for Euron and Nagga to bring the apocalypse.
Arrax, for flamethrowing a senior citizen war veteran
Syrax
Syrax for god's sake.
YES GUYS, NO MORE POLLS, THE MOST UPVOTED COMMENT ELIMINATES THE DRAGON
Get sheepstealer outta here
Morning  Weak and sickly and grew slowly, near the end of the Targaryen regime and pointless existence
How many of these are you gonna do? Can't the mods do something about spamming? You know you can just post a poll? This is either blatant karma farming or spamming
Why do you have to run it this way? Just make a poll…   Also, naming one rider for each dragon doesn’t make sense when many have had multiple.
Syrax the most unless dragon
Caraxes
Vermax got done dirty, everyones got a badass picture and then theres just Vermax looking weak and goofy
It doesn't matter, we all know Toothless is going to win.
Dexterion
No pink pig?
Syrax obviously
Sheepstealer !
Sunfyre - he knows what he did.
Sheykos
Can we just give it to the noodle and be done with all the pretending
Synfire??
Synfire
I honestly want to keep all of them lol I like them more than the people.
Urrax
Urrax, its the only one that's not confirmed "real" in the world.   Would Rhaegal and Viserion not be considered unclaimed? Dany rides Drogon, and I thought it was a one rider-one dragon deal.
Urrax he isnt even known
Arrax
How come so many of them have 4 legs?
Balerion, let’s start off with some chaos
Taking Blue Eyes White Dragon or Sheepstalker
Sheepstealer is epic
We all know the last three are going to be Balerion, Sunfyre and Drogon. For a first elimination it has to be Urrax as they probably didn’t even actually exist.
Seasmoke. He gets the least detail in the books, and doesn't do much.
Syrax literally killed his own riders son lol
I really want to see balerion on screen
I'm voting out Arrax again. Glad my baby Grey Ghost is here now, too 🥰
Mind as well just save yourself sometime and make the final 4 Balerion, Vhagar, Caraxes and Dreamfyre.....we all KNOW that's the final 4 c'mon 🤣
I’m pretty sure it’s Meraxes not Meraxis. I love the name.
Finally! A whole wallpaper of the important ones!!
Viseron
Sheepstealer
let us get sad together...
Sh-rick-ose
is that a book spoiler or?
Gets briefly mentioned in Dance Of Dragons and was defeated by Serwyn of the Mirror Shield. In a Tyrion chapter iirc.
A mythical dragon that was just name for worldbuilding
Unexpected crossover
Ysera
Voting Canninal just for that
What about sheepstealer being unclaimed when she was claimed by nettles?
Also isn't Dreamfyre Helaena's?
He was trying to protect him!  After Luke told him to stop, he immediately obeyed.   In the book, he actually fought against Vhagar and the lightning flashed around them! Arrax was a hero!
Arrax has already been eliminated in the show so I might as well vote for him tbh. He already tried using a flamethrower against a senior citizen and war veteran in additon to getting Luke killed
Also its Vermithor
they're stills
There are worse than useless dragons in this list though
Probably too many riders to list.
Syrax till the end 🙌
I re did this game cause people wanted more dragons.
grey gosht
They are probably planning to make a new post for every dragon every day so 28 posts over 28 days. Going to be real annoying.
I always said “shrike-os”
I don't think mentioning the mere existence of a dragon constitutes a spoiler, right?
Dreamfyre comes from an egg given to the first Rhaena, grandaughter of Aegon I and Rhaenys and sister of Jaehaerys, then yes, it was Helaena's one
Show Arrax was a dumbass though
Nah, he got spooked. He wasn't trying to protect Luke, I am sorry to tell you. He was being a show off. No little dragon would think they could defend their rider against that behemoth. Plus, both dragons were feeling their riders, the bond is parasitic. The dragon changes the rider and the rider changes the dragon.  They both lost control of their dragons and it ended badly.
See, this person gets it.
Not really.  Balerion: Aegon I, Maegor, Viserys I  Vhagar: Visenya, Baelon, Laena Velayron, Aemond  Ceraxes: Aemon, Daemon  Vermithor: Jaehaerys I, Hugh Hammer  Dreamfyre: Rhaena, Helaena  Meleys: Alyssa, Rhaenys  Silverwing: Allysane, Ulf the White  Quicksilver: Aenys, Aegon the uncrowned
 I'm curious, why did you get rid of the poll?  Too much work with the amount of Dragons?
I don't get it. This IS the second attempt at this post. How did the typos get through?  The oddity that gets me is the use of random dragons as the images. Arrax was beautifully depicted in the 2021 calendar; what is this pretender I see?
We can always report them for spamming🗿
Shame on you he’s beautiful
"he just gets killed"
He was a baby and he was scared! 😭
Arrax is an animal that feels trapped.  Even a rat attacks  in this situation. He could not fly normally because of the storm and could not land. Vhagar obviously senses where he is (smell?) and easily finds them (twice). This is a hopeless situation, they could buy time, but not escape. Luke's only desire was to fly away from there, Arrax figured out before him that they couldn't avoid the fight and had to attack first. Blind her for a while maybe.  Or burn the rider (it was actually close).
Thank you, Maegor's left nut
Yeah but also feel like upvotes reflect people's feelings, many people tough it was to choose their favorite or something like that
Lol.  I got downvoted so much for pointing out the typo, and I agree. O.P is just karma farming tbh.
Why tf wouldn’t OP use the live action depictions of Dany’s dragons lol they are probably more recognizable than any others on here
Oh, my bad. I missed that somehow.
He's just a baby ©-©
Oh sweet summer child, they were in the sky, no one was trapped. And for the show, it was just a game of chase which Aemond would've abandoned as they got closer to Dragon stone. In the books, it was different from what I recall.  Vhagar put that brat dragon and it's rider in timeout permanently for questioning if she still had it in her.
They should've taken shelter in the ocean ravine where Vhagar couldn't fit and waited them out.
XD yeah im pretty annoyed at the parent commenter but im trying (pretty successfully) to delete the dragon's name from my memory and that seems to be working :3
Okay but assumes Arrax is faster which I do not believe at all
Not when you're caught in a storm and you're being chased by a dragon that flies free and easily finds you every time. He doesn't have infinite stamina to withstand the wind. They did not fly far in all this time, in fact the battle was near the castle. No chance that they could fly to their doorstep like that. Arrax is a dragon. For him, this is a death chase and not a game.
Vhagar was big and old which has been stated to make them powerful but slower.  Arrax was smaller and nimble. I am stating that Arrax attacking Vhagar is what caused the situation to escalate. For Vhagar, it was like her and Caraxes, playing around until to her, the little dragon challenged her. For their riders, it was different.  Doesn't change the fact that by doing what he did, Arrax caused the death of his rider, good intentions or not.
Arrax would not be able to fly away from Vhagar. Being bigger makes you so much faster. Just like how a tall adult will obliterate a first grader in a race.  I don’t think there is really any reason to think Vhagar was just playing. And Arrax didn’t attack for no reason so Vhagar and Aemond definitely have to take the majority of the blame for starting the conflict
Also how were Arrax and Luke supposed to know Aemomd was fooling around. For all Luke knew, Aemond was after his eye, and for all Arrax knew, his rider was shit-scared and practically running home.
A consistent pattern in F&B is that smaller dragons are faster and more nimble, with the exception of Meleys who was the fastest dragon from, I assume, natural talent. Bigger dragons may have more endurance and thus travel faster on a long journey, but they're slower in a fight or the aerial equivalent of a sprint.
Yeah exactly so it’s Aemond and Vhagar’s fault
Probably more agile yes but Vhagar is huge in comparison to Arrax. Her wings propel her so much more. And they are racing to Dragonstone. It’s not a sprint. It’s a long distance. A firstgrader can’t outrun a massive adult. No matter how nimble the firstgrader is.   Also even if Arrax is more nimble in a fight, Vhagar has to much less accurate so it doesn’t really that much. Her mouth is so big she can “miss” the spot she aimed for and still hit Arrax.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Iirc Helaena isn’t ever implied or mentioned to be a dreamer in F&B, the show added it
No, it's just script magic.
There’s not much characterization written for her at all really, they  definitely could’ve missed it
And Dreamfyre's first rider (who presumably named her) Rhaena is many things but not mentioned to be a dreamer either afaik.
TBF, that would be something that the histories would definitely miss, along with her being seemingly autistic.
It could be that the characters in-world writing the book didn't know, but my guess is that the show added it outright. It has a feel of filler intended to make Helaena a more significant part of the story, when they didn't have a lot of definitive things Helaena actually DID to work with.
Yeah all they really said was she’s a bit of an airhead but very sweet and loving
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is such a good scene
“I see Otto Hightower for what he is…a cunt” 😂😂
Patty’s performance as King Viserys never dulls. What a scene.
10 YEEEAAAARRRRSSS
The Iron Throne did not approve
This is the scene that hooked me
Seeing Vizzy T standing up for himself and commanding respect is a breath of fresh air, considering that he spends most of his time trying to please other people. I felt him truly powerful in this scene.   Back at this point and having started watching HOTD without reading Fire and Blood I originally thought the conflict would be center around Daemon being the main antagonist, the typical mad Targaryen. I thought Viserys would die early on poisoned by the blades of the Throne by Daemon (since the first time we see him he is ominously sitting on the Throne).   The story ended up going an entirely different way and I enjoyed it nonetheless, but it was fun to be anxious about what was going to happen next in such a tense environment.
"Gods Viserys was weak back then"   throne, iron
 Long live Vizzy T 👑
"A second son who stands to inherit nothing he doesn't seize for himself"  Daemon is not very selfaware, is he??
If paddy won t get his emmy this year i ll burn the Westin Bonaventure
"Blood of dragon runs thick." -"then why do you cut me so deeply?"  OMFG the dialogues and especially their delivery>>>>>
He was fuckin right about everything.
Daemon is such an unstoppable tour de force, literally the best or should I say the most exciting character in all of ASOIF universe.
Notice how Viserys tells Daemon to address him as "your grace" but Daemon defies him while calling him weak. Even when he's playing hardball Viserys was never treated with respect.
This is the moment/conversation the Dance really started
"You have no allies at court, I have always defended you, everything I've ever done for you has been thrown right back in my face"  What viserys is accusing daemon of is literally all shit Vizzy does.  Everyone at Viserys' court is essentially using him, Daemon has defended Viserys" rights as king since the great council (he almost went to war w Corlys Velaryon), and daemon has been removed from master of laws and lord commander of the city watch despite doing those jobs efficiently.
Laughing with your WHORES and YOUR LICKSPITTLES!
Interesting how when confronted, instead of taking some personal responsibility, Daemon goes on the offensive and tries to blame someone else. Classic DARVO. No wonder he was never hand.
Daemon was a lot more than Otto. Come on, folks. Otto was simply a conniving bureaucrat. Daemon, a warrior prince that deserved to be king. Greens and blacks wouldn't have been a conversation. Dragons would not have died out.
Why upload a scene here though? We all have seen it already
What show is this from
One of the best undersold parts of the family's dynamic is how Otto and Daemon accurately describe each other and see through everyone else's illusions regarding one another. When Daemon calls Otto a scheming snake he's 100% right. When Otto calls Daemon a dangerous loose cannon he's 100% right.
The funny thing is that Daemon kind of is exactly what he (correctly) accuses Otto of being: A second son who'll possess nothing he doesn't seize for himself. The only difference is that Daemon is in a much better position by being a Targaryen and the King's brother.
Just like the Throne's blades.
He was sensational.
IN AZKABAN
Daemon seems to be the only person Viserys can comfortably get angry at, which is interesting because Daemon is the most dangerous man around him.
It’s interesting, I kinda see this scene as the opposite.   Daemon is telling Viserys his truth, and imo he’s right; the council knows Vizzy is a people pleaser and isn’t necessarily cut out to be a king. Don’t get me wrong, Viserys is a *good man* but not a great king.   To me, this is Daemon telling him “open your eyes man, I may not be the most proper person here but at least I’m honest with you,” and Viserys decides to take a stand at the worst moment. He could listen to Daemon here, realize that Otto is in fact a cunt, but I also can’t blame Viserys for reacting the way he did.   Imo the scene is “Daemon fucked up. Vizzy confronts him, intending on punishing him. Daemon reacts in a way that Vizzy is not expecting, but instead of listening to him (which Daemon hasn’t given him any reason to so I don’t blame him), he doubles down on his original plan, rather than react to the “new” information and change his course.   So yes, he’s standing up for himself, but looks incredibly weak in doing so imo. He’s making a point out of “I’m the king so if I say something you actually have to do it, otherwise it’s literally treason, and I’m upset you made a crass joke so I’m not going to listen to you.” Like when you prove your parents wrong so they get mad at you.
Ever since my name was read by the archmaesters at the Great Council, I have felt Corlys Velaryon's envious gaze staring at me from across the Blackwater.
"why do you cut me so deep?"
WHERE IN THE SEVEN HELLS IS RHAENYRA?!
Projection is a hell of a thing.
Nah Daemon told him the truth. Most of the shit that happens happens because Viserys doesnt want shit to scalate and wants both families to get along, which only makes things worse with time.
> Everyone at Viserys' court is essentially using him  For all this talk of his brother being used by the council, no one has used and abused Viserys's benevolence more than Daemon.   >daemon has been removed from master of laws and lord commander of the city watch despite doing those jobs efficiently.  What? Daemon was removed from these positions because he was unfit for such posts. Unless it's something involving war and violence, Daemon is not suited for any administrative work.
>Everyone at Viserys' court is essentially using him,  Daemon literally used and leached viserys more than any other member of his council including Otto high tower.   He is the last person to complain of leaches in his court, any other person who did what daemon did was going to get executed.
You really think Daemon would have been able to sit through the Small Council meetings and happily discussed the tax of wool?
Rings of Power
When Daemon calls Otto a power hungry seeking second son he's also talking about himself.  When Otto says Daemon is dangerous and ambitious he's also talking about himself.  The two characters are reflections of one another
Daemon describes Otto in rather interesting an accurate way. True. And he is being honest when he says Viserys is weak and other lords preys upon house of the dragon through him. Its that no one  was ever care enough about him or bold enough to point out Viserys faults. And he push away the only one who will ever do so. Ironically enough its Viserys who always surround himself with lickspittles and later a whore.
I know, I think it's that Daemon is dangerous to everyone around him except Viserys. Daemon loves Viserys more than anyone else and I think Viserys knows this
Hmm. Too right. I think Daemon loves Viserys deeply and won't abandon him for anything, Viserys knows this. So he doesn't care what slights he passes his way or care to empathize with him.
He's just mad he became The King Consort That Never Was, Your Grace.
What did he leach exactly? A marriage he didn't want? Constant disrespect from the hand of the king?
As king, he does not have to sit at the small council. The Hand can do that in his stead.
💯👆🏾
Who's the whore?
Daemon is also constantly seeking Viserys' attention and is actually rather possessive of Viserys in that he doesn't want Viserys trusting anyone other than him (and maybe Rhaenyra).  It is an interesting relationship.  His obsession with Rhaenyra could even be an extension of his obsession with Viserys.
Grooming his daughter and taking her to a brothel and even admitting to fucking her, if criston or anyone else was cought doing the exact same thing they would have been castrated killed and tortured but he just gets a tap on his shoulder and an exile that daemon broke the second day without repercussions.  >A marriage he didn't want?  You forgot he murdered the wife he did not want, he could have married leana and went to pentos without murdering her, and he got a pass for that.  Others  Starting a war without kings permission  Massacring people in kings landing half of whom probably were falsely accused. Viserys himself agreed with Otto and told daemon not to make any more spectacles. But had any other city watch commander done the same, they would have lost their position and maybe sent to the wall.  Laughing at the death of kings son and wife and then stealing a dragon egg  >Constant disrespect from the hand of the king?  They both disrespected each other, but daemon disrespected Otto more by cheating on tourney against his son telling him take his wife when Otto wife died.
Daemon as king is a disaster waiting to happen. And yes, the monarch does need to engage in the “boring” politics.
A person who engage in sexual acts for material gain. In this case elevated position.
There is no possible way for a married person to marry someone else while their spouse is still alive without getting a marriage annulment, which Viserys refused for Daemon even though Daemon asked him to annul his marriage to Rhea.  He did not get a pass for murdering his wife as there is no evidence against him proving that he murdered his wife.  The showrunners inserted Daemon killing his wife into the show in contradiction to the book but didn't pursue it any further and left it as a loose plot point.
Are you talking about Alicent?
>The showrunners inserted Daemon killing his wife into the show in contradiction to the book but didn't pursue it any further and left it as a loose plot point.  I think house royce will side with the greens in show
I thought it was obvious
Then why didn't you say it?  Also, Alicent didn't have a say in her marriage; she's not a whore but a victim of Otto's pimping.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
IIRC, the Greens assumed that House Stark would side with the Blacks, as they had supported Rhaenys at the Great Council. But if they send Daeron (probably wouldnt send the king on a diplomatic mission), Cregan has a choice on his hands.   Cregan's stake in the war seemed somewhat transactional - he only joined the Blacks after negotiating a marriage pact between his son and a future daughter of Jace. If Alicent is smart, she'd send Daeron with an offer to betroth Jaehaera to Rickon.   Does Cregan go for that? Who knows. The Greens offer has an advantage in that Aegon is already king and already has a daughter. Jace might only have sons, he might not have any children at all, anything could happen.   But on the other hand there is the matter of the oath. Bargaining for a marriage pact is one thing, breaking a vow (sworn by his father, but whatever) to support the other side is another.   There's also the issue of House Manderly - one of the North's most powerful vassals who had already declared for Rhaenyra. If Cregan goes green he could risk a civil war in the North.
C: "How many loyal lords your grandfather already  executed?"  A:...  C: "Why are you stealing your sister's throne?"  A:...
It doesn't make sense that Aegon would go on his own instead of sending a messenger or a raven. He would probably have been taken captive and then Rhaenyra would have been informed. There is no way Cregan would have tried and executed a Targaryen on his own, especially if he was the son of the former king.  Helaena should have been married to Cregan. They made a huge political mistake by marrying Helaena to Aegon. Aegon has enough legitimacy being the firstborn son of the king and bearing the name of the Conqueror, he didn't need to fuck his sister on top of that.
The greens definitely missed on making an alliance with the North.
Aegon jokes about fucking Jaces wife.  Jace gets upset throws a tantrum and Cregan seeing this shit and feels embarrassed for both of them. Eventually Aegon and Jace probably settle shit with a sword fight which I think Aegon would win lk. We know Aegon was favored in training by Cole and I don’t think Jace has had any real training after leaving KL. If Jace did train then whoever trained him was booty bc Jace couldn’t even make Aemond spill his wine lmfao
They probably trash talk, then fight, Aegon wins due to the fact that it seems Jacerys has little training (that is effective at least), but if Aegon is drunk or hungover, Jacerys will be able to win.
Otto sent ravens to Winterfell to try to get the support of the North but they said no and declared for Rhaenyra. The Starks supported the claim of Princess Rhaenys and Laenor at the Great Council so they were worried about who they would choose to support. But if Aegon did fly up there I don’t expect that he’d have managed to convince Cregan to declare for him. The Starks are too honorable as we all know and they wouldn’t support someone who was a traitor and usurper. Cregan denounced him as a traitor as well at the end of the war during the hour of the wolf. If Jace and Aegon had met each other there I think Jace would refuse to fight due to him swearing to Rhaenyra he wouldn’t just like Luke did. But if Aegon started something and their dragons tried to fight each other then both Jace, Aegon, Vermax, and Sunfyre would all die. Their battle would be the exact same as Daemon and Aemond’s.
Cregan would prefer Jace since he’s prettier.
Jacerys would probably find himself stuck trying to take the clothes out of the dry cleaner and they’d then film it for their OF under the caption “Strong boy needs help from his uncle to get unstuck”
This has me thinking, are there any Targaryen or otherwise noteworthy exiles that would be at the Wall around this time?   It’s entirely possible (idk what F&B says bout this) that Jace takes a visit to the Wall and there’s an interesting interaction.
Ummmm Aegon is the king, if he's there so is his entourage. Jace is caught instantly...
Ngl I love the starks so much this is 100% something that could happen
The Starks didn’t have female ruler in their history so I don’t think they have saying in this
They marry their sisters to control dragons to prevent precisely what happened with the Velaryons, where another house basically supplanted House Targaryen. Without the Great Council, House Velaryon may have captured the Iron Throne.
By the time they arrive the whole thing is over. Northern allies were essentially useless in the dance.
It's funny how Cole made Alicent's sons great warriors but also bitter mfs just like him (maybe except Daeron coz he went to Oldtown)
talking about someone who has tantrums and mass murdered people in the riverlands
Aegon is a coward, he won't joke about it unless Aеmond not  around.  Jace fought well against Aegon even when he was a child (I mean didn't lose instantly). They're the same height now, and I don't think Aegon trained hard.
Sunfyre is older and aegon a better rider. My best guess is that jace dies and aegon’s dragon fies to river run, the current lord of river run had support Vizzy T during great council they only support black after his death. Aegon’s dragon will be damaged and may die or remain incapacitated at river run. I assume Aemond will come to river run to ensure his brother’s safety and their loyalty.
Based and Creganpilled
If he arrived before Jaeaerys then he will not be imprisoned because Cregan only join the blacks because befriending Jaeaerys and the promise of a Targaryen Princess that could possibly be never born. Also Sunfrye will be outside of Winterfell and if they try to imprisoned him then Winterfell will become the next Harenhall.
They supported Rhaenys, didn't they?
This puts into perspective the enormous size of westeros. GOT started teleporting people around once they shortened the episodes. I hope the same doesn’t happen to this show
Main thing the Northerners were useful for was replenishing the lands of the rest of Westeros who had all their young men die in the fighting. Northerners role up get some wives who are probably in a situation where there's twice as many women as men now. Cregan was sorta positioned like Tywin Lannister, no matter who won his men would basically win and be happy with their rewards plus you get all the ambitious men with high aspirations out of the north keep the realm from civil war for generations.
Have you seen the concept art for Vermax? For sure, Sunfyre is pretty but who knows if he'll win especially when he has a smaller face ergo smaller bite. See Sunfyre's concept art too.
The size of Westeros wasn't the cause of the delay. The Dance starts as they're going into one of their sever year long winters. Most of the northern forces were held back so they could harvest crops.
Sure. But if you travel all the way to winterfell and they guy goes “hey, we have enough soldiers to win you the war. We won’t get there in time, but don’t worry, we’ll replenish your lands when you’re all dead.”  Gee thanks for the alliance guys.
He is 10 years older and in true real dance had killed 3 dragon, out of which he killed grey ghost and moondancer with just 1 wings.
It’s inaccurate to suggest that the size of Westeros had nothing to do with their tardiness. They’re northerners and they’ve lived in the cold & snow all their lives so they’re adapted to that sort of terrain. The fact is, Westeros is an enormous continent and travel times from the north to the capital in king’s landing can be EXTREMELY long. Even in optimal conditions it could take weeks/months to travel from winterfell to the south. The size of the continent was the biggest factor. The snow barely affects the starkmen
Lmao yea I'm just saying it worked out for the Northerners! Good deal for them!!
>It’s inaccurate to suggest that the size of Westeros had nothing to do with their tardiness.    >   >Even in optimal conditions it could take weeks/months to travel from winterfell to the south.   Yes it is. The war lasted three years. The North had no problem sending the Winter wolves south. People only consider them to have shown up late because they kept most of their men back to harvest their crop.   >The size of the continent was the biggest factor. The snow barely affects the starkmen  No one said that snow was a problem. Was this written by a bot or something?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nice! You definitely are skilled cause this pretty much looks identical to the scene.
Stunning! I'm drawing/painting this at the moment and you've put mine to shame.
Wooaah, so pretty! What is your strategy while painting?
a total embodiment of true love
Very nice!
Woaah, you've done an amazing job! Keep it up
This is absolutely incredible
Great artwork 🐉
Damn! That’s GORGEOUS!
Daemon, Noodle Boy and Dark Sister. Perfection.
That dragon is just such an obvious slippery evil psycho. Perfect for Daemon.
It’s also my favorite thing you’ve painted!
that is amazing!
That looks amazing! Great job!
Incredible
I am in awe of your talent!
Wow this is incredible.
Holy shit, love the textures.
Is daemon was clearly more visible I’d love this but the fact his all warped ruins it for me personally
It’s one of the best fan art I’ve seen on this sub. That being said, you did Daemon’s jaw line dirty
This is something I'd pay for to hang up in my house
Awesome work, coolest dragon/rider pairing
Gotta love noodle boi🐉
Thank you!! I started it in November not long after the show ended an put close to 90 hours into it!
Those scales are a bitch!! But don't let mine stop you! I took a LOT of breaks
Honestly I just really wanted to paint a dragon an I dove into this one head first. Started by just tryna get everything sketched out an in the right proportions. The whole color scheme of the scales changed so much in the beginning bc I didn't plan any of it an just kinda figured it all out as I went along lol
Thank you!!
Agreed, the scales are so difficult. But you've killed it. So much depth!
Respect! Worked out perfectly.  Now I really want to paint again too!
Do it! I'd love to think I inspired someone to pick their brushes back up!
I will do it as soon as I come back from visiting my family for Easter!
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Which dragon from the show do you like to get fucked by?
Who should've married Laena Velaryon?
Bracken or Blackwood, which one's worse?
OP, I can’t believe you peeped through a glory hole!   (Did not mean to be this crude, I couldn’t think of anything else 😅😂)
In which ways are Jace and Luke related to Baela and Rhaena?
Who is your favorite of Rhaenyra's kids?
How old was Aemond when he claimed Vhagar?
Which character is most like you?
Finish the sentence “ Targaryens ride their partners like they …”
If Tyrion was a woman, what would Robin Arryn have said?
How old was Vissy T when Daemon was born?
what's the romantic taboo that targaryens are known for?
Top 3 characters you would let to bang you?
Out of all the characters who died in the show, which one do you hope really suffered?
Was viserys a good man
Vhagar!
You really did them dirty here 😂
Vizzy T
The Blackwoods, obviously.
"Do not mourn me, Mother. I may have lost an eye, but I gained a dragon."
Jacaerys
Larys, without a doubt.
Ride dragons
*A truly great Targaryen King I am. Powerless over mine own daughter of seven and ten.*
Ser Ryam Redwyne, Ser Harrold Westerling, and Prince Daemon Targaryen.
Lucerys!
*I'm glad we could meet. I know tempers ran hot today, and I wanted to assure you how much I value the bond between our houses.*
Omg 🤣
Yes, being a king was really never your strong side.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Barely exist for him personally, political headache for rhae so would pretty much murder them if he could.
He doesn't seem to show any feelings for them.   I’m only aware of this because an interview with Ryan Condal was posted in this subreddit, but he states that Daemon “really does see Rhaenyra as an extension of Viserys.” (I didn't pick up on this at all while watching the show.)  Logic would dictate that he sees Viserys’ other daughter and sons the same way. But that was never addressed. So, who knows? Maybe Daemon’s hatred of Otto is stronger than his love for Viserys?
In the text, there's not much of a relationship at all.  We basically get this, after he returns from the Stepstones and spends about half-a-year in Kings Landing  &#x200B;  >Though he (Daemon) treated Queen Alicent with all the courtesy due her station, there was no warmth between them, and men said that the prince was notably cool toward her children, especially his nephews, Aegon and Aemond, whose birth had pushed him still lower in the order of succession.  &#x200B;  In the show, I would be willing to believe he's basically never even spoken to them, over the years. It may be the case that he's incapable of disassociating them from his intense dislike / distrust of Otto.  &#x200B;  >And in a scenario where Rhaenyra was allowed to ascend peacefully, and Aegon and Aemond were given some positions at court, do you think Daemon would've tolerated them or gotten along with them?  I think he would have tolerated them, yes. Aemond and Daeron, in particular, have qualities he seems likely to appreciate, even if he never comes to really *like* them, but it's hard to say. He seems to mellow out a bit with age, but people aren't always rational in their interpersonal relationships, so.
Pretty much no/ very little interaction. He returned from the step stones for like a week (if that) before getting booted back out of King's Landing for diddling Rhaenyra.
The book says he was cold towards them because they pushed him down the line of succession.
Book Daemon nearly kills the messenger who tells him about Aegons birth. He hates Alicents children passionately. They push him further down the succession.
I think Daemon would have killed all three boys, plus Aegon’s sons, peace or no peace. Only Helaena and Aegon’s daughter would be spared.   Their existence was a threat. Daemon was trying to turn Rhaenyra against Aegon years ago.   Rhaenyra would not have sanctioned it, but Daemon would have arranged “accidents” for the boys.
Daemon: My brother said he had only one kid, Rhaenyra.
Well he sent pedophiles to murder Helaenas son and ruin her life so there’s that.
He just does not care,but he kinda liked Aemond at supper
"Notably cool" to them in the book. Which I translate to 'having no personal interaction just formal courtly business.'  As for would he would be okay with them in Rhaenyra's court, absolutely not imo, they would always be a challenge to Rhaenyra'a throne. Daemon is 'a ask for forgiveness, not permission' type of guy so I think he would've killed the boys and Aegon's sons, sold Helaena and Jaehaera off (at best).  Then go up to Rhaenyra and be like "The blood of the dragon runs thick...... But not in those Hightowers brats." Whammy her with some Daemon smolder. He would fully expect Rhaenyra to be okay with this which is debatable as we don't know what she would be like as a queen without a war.  She would probably agree that Aemond, Aegon II, Jaeherys, and Maelor were threats to her throne but Daemon undermining her should probably cause her concern.
I think his loathing of anything Hightower related extended to them. As far as the books go he spent way more time with Rhaenyra and very little with Alicent's kids.
No, he hates the idea of Aegon and Aemond because they’re Otto’s grandkids and they eliminate any chance of him sitting the throne. He’s probably indifferent towards Helaena and Jaehaera cause they’re not really a threat. He would have arranged some accidents for them and found an excuse to have them executed or banished.
From what I am able to tell: he is indifferent to them at best and probably loathes them at worst.  Even though they are all Viserys' children, as much as Rhaenyra is, they are not really playing for "team Targaryen". Otto has Aegon, Aemond, and Helaena under his thumb just like he does Alicent. They are a direct threat to his power and ideals. They push him down the line and also serve as a political obstacle to Rhaenyra and by extension, himself. But at the same time I feel like his feelings regarding the children exist on a scale. Helaena does not really do anything. I don't think he would have any reservations about hurting her but she is not really "a concern". She just kind of exists and could not give less of a fuck about whats going on at any given time unless it has something to do with her bugs or her children. Aegon is more of a direct political obstacle but he needs heavy coaxing by way of Alicent and Otto. He is not the type of person to go out of his way to do anything himself.  And Aemond is a 2nd son to a brother with heirs, he is also further down the line like Daemon is, but Aemond is also the Greens version of Daemon. He is a skilled fighter, has little issue with dispatching people who get in his family's way, and both he and Daemon seem to have a distant fascination with each other even if it's laced with hate and distrust. He is probably the biggest active threat to Daemon and his family out of the 3 children given he actually takes the initiative to do things.  If Aegon actually resisted Alicent putting him on the throne or the Greens respected Viserys' wish to leave Rhaenyra as heir, I do not think Daemon would really have an issue with them. He would not need to. They are not a threat to his power and the status quo if they either resist Alicent/Otto or are simply existing in the background. To be honest, he would have probably gotten along with them, especially Aemond, provided they were not also half Hightower. But Daemon's beef with Otto and by extension Alicent has tainted any relationship he could have had with them.
Daemon did laugh at Helaena’s roast of Aegon Hightower Targaryen
He wouldn’t have any. He was banished, in Pentos or on Dragonstone essentially their entire lives.
He likely considers them Hightowers with blonde hair, no true Targaryens whatsoever. Which is true in many ways - they have blonde hair and have claimed dragons, but they have been raised by Hightowers to follow Westerosi traditions and beliefs, not Targaryen ones. I doubt he thinks of them at all.
probably not good
In the books iirc him and rhaenerya bond over trashing the greens starting pretty early on,  so I think he has her whole family lumped in with them as "blacks VS greens"
Well, based on the show, he doesn't seem to give a single crap about them. He likely sees them only as a threat to Rhaenyra's succession, and barely as family.
I think part of it also has to do with Viserys' involvement in his children's lives. Aegon, Aemond, and Helaena are very much "Alicent's children". Viserys was largely absent from their lives partly because I do not think he could come to terms with what happened to Aemma but also because of the fact he had a slow-moving flesh-eating infection. He was either too sick to be around them or simply did not want to be unless he had to be. Alicent (and Otto) were at the forefront of their rearing and their values are very aligned with house Hightower. Meanwhile, Viserys was VERY present for Rhaenyra's life and routinely took her side (or at least played dumb in her favor) when things came up in regard to her children. She grew up Targaryen. She is Targaryen both in name and in values.  Biologically those are all equally Viserys' children. Those are all equally half of his brother. But Rhaenyra was actually raised by him and is much more Targaryen. Meanwhile, the other 3 were very influenced by House Hightower and Alicent.
Oh please Daemon hates the  freedom and all of them daed will make his day. Funny none of the 4 asked to be concieved. He wanted the Iron throne and the greens was in the way-killing them would be fun for him
>In the show, I would be willing to believe he's basically never even spoken to them, over the years. It may be the case that he's incapable of disassociating them from his intense dislike / distrust of Otto.  in the show he is basically awol in Pentos for 10 years, unlike in the book, so that also plays a part.
"cool"
Yup! I agree with you there. I don't think he very much liked Aegon or Aemond, and he probably doesn't give a fig for Helaena either.
They certainly do see eye to eye for a brief instant.
I'm seriously confused as to why you got downvoted for this comment, when Heleana cracks a joke about Aegon ignoring her unless he is drunk Daemon gives out a hearty laugh, it's one of the few times that Otto and Daemon seem to be in agreement over anything.
I agree with you on pretty much everything. There’s also the fact Rhaenyra IS more related to him than Alicent’s kids (through his cousin/her mother, Aemma Arryn). I think she would be his second cousin there or first cousin twice removed? Unsure about that part.
Yeah, he definitely has an “I don't like outsiders polluting our superior culture/values” vibe to him. I’ve described him as the Westerosi version of Donald Trump more than once, and it seems to fit really well.
I never interpreted the HBO show version of Daemon as wanting the throne for himself. Does he want power? Yes. Does want to be *close* to the throne? Yes. I don't think he genuinely wants it for himself. He's a little like Otto in that respect, in my mind.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Rhae putting his cloak/armour during his induction in the kingsgaurd and then her being the one to take it down is funny.
did they ever release this scene even as a deleted one?
I think it’s kind of surreal how much Milly looks like Emma in the first slide. Could just be me but I had to do a double take and I’m not someone who generally thinks they look alike.
Well this gives a lot of context we got robbed of. Changes my whole view of what happened and not in the way people think it might.
 i remember posting this in october and it was taken down :(((
An interesting scene, but I think that there were other book scenes that would’ve fleshed him out more. What really would’ve helped was if they made his actions in the Green Council more cunning and deliberate
They really reduced Criston.   I think the fact they didn’t have Criston become Lord Commander until after Viserys makes no sense. That’s part of what made Aegon seem legitimate the people.   Criston, a common born like them and made Lord Commander by Viserys, crowning Aegon makes way more sense as to why the people would buy into it. Oh well, I guess horny and murderous low born is more compelling.
It's such a shame that we never got to see this scene (besides the photos, of course).
Ser Criston is awesome and one of the best in the show!
Fuck Criston Cole. All my homies hate Criston Cole.
I wonder what could've been if Rhaenyra never betrayed Cole's honor. Would Criston still be accepting of the Strong boys or not.
Ooooo mistake 👀
Wait a minute.   GoT has White Cloaks??? Is there some Wheel of Time crossover I didn't know about!!??
Poetic really
I wish she would be the one to run a sword through his freakin neck
there was a technical issue with the scene, Fabien said he was really sad it got cut because it was a really important moment for his character
It was confirmed in the Making of HOTD book. Condal said they didn’t include it because it was a win for Rhaenyra before another win in Dragonstone. Guess you can’t have too many wins
They really do share a strong resemblance. Obviously there are some differences, their noses particularly are very different, but overall you can see why they were both cast to play the same character.
I would say it gives more context to the   power imbalance and his internal struggles.Cole was a low born who dedicated his life to serving high borns ,and was able to reach the heights he could ever reach as a low born.Only for his dedication and sacrifice to be cheapeaned by an entitled princess who thought Cole was into her enough to accept role of "side chick".
This would have helped understand the weight of the Kingsguard vows though and what was at stake for Cole. In the scene we would have heard him vow to “hold no titles, no lands and father no children” He rose from an insignificant family to become one of the most powerful men in the realm. And all of it could be taken away because of one act.  Pretty sure it was important context for the viewers given most don’t get what was bothering him in the first place. So they just label him an incel (which is opposite actually of what he is - voluntary celibate) and stupid for not being Rhaenyra’s whore.
Excited to see him become Hand and be a real player in the dance
Best incel award.
Worry about her pedophile husband
I wonder what the issue was..
I mean Cole seemed ready to cheapen his honor by running away in the first place.  Just laying with her was oathbreaking; wedding her and running to Essos would just be further oathbreaking. Alysanne and Jaehaerys have already made it so that white cloak marrying a woman despite his oaths and fathering children with her is, in eyes of Westeros, the same thing as to father bastards.  (Lucamore's kids weren't Strongs but Waters, Rivers and Storms)
Doubt it. Idk why but they always do the best fighters dirty (Jaime, Barristan, Arthur (imho the 2 swords was cheesy, cool scene though)).
gee thanks!
can't make any green characters look good
Obviously unlike Harwin, he thought running away with her to have a real relationship was worth the sacrifice,than being her whore who sneaks in only at nights
If he doesn’t become hand they should have just let him kill himself in the Godswood in ep 5. What a waste of build up if he didn’t really convince Aegon to be king and won’t be a major player in the dance. Hope the writers realize this
Not you, Cole.
Lol no doubt I’ve been brainwashed into supporting team black
A whore is paid. Cole was asked to be a paramour, no more and no less. Dishonorable by non-Dornish standards of Westeros, yes, but no more than eloping with your princess promised to another man… after swearing to celibacy, too.  A bit odd that he only found that honor after he fucked the girl already, and then his honor included a proposal for her to give up basically everything.   TBH none of these folks are exactly honorable far as I’m concerned. Well, some book characters yet to arrive are but thus far?  Lord commander Westerling seem honorable, the rest of them do as they please and whine when consequences arrive.  Edit: Helaena is a saint tho, forgot about her. Legit did nothing wrong.
Hey let's not call people whores...  We are better than that. There are better ways to articulate your point without that toxic shit.
I don't think he hates all women, just Rhaenyra
>!Rhaenyra and Daemon are a true love story(just ignore the creepy relation, grooming and them literally murdering a random person to get married). fucking HBO staffers keep promoting this on social media too, it's like promoting incestuous pedophilia!<   don't forget that any nuance to team green is removed - aegon and sunfyre, daeron, criston cole being one of the greatest fighters in westeros and many others
Semantics  Who said anything about finding honor?I said he was willing to sacrifice everything for something tha he thought was real.Rhaenyra cheapens what he did by offering something that only benefits her
Huh? Thats literally what he says
You’re getting downvoted for telling the truth. I’m afraid next season they will white wash/downplay the horrors committed by the blacks and add more crimes for the greens. Would ruin the show for me
Downvoted for telling the truth? Weird.
I mean he offered her something that only benefits him too.  She gives up:  >birthright   >riches  >a dragon  >her whole family  All so Cole can ‘do the right thing’ insofar as his culture sees it… when the right thing by those standards is to not sleep with her in the first place. …And certainly not to steal away with Velaryon bride and cause further tensions between Driftmark and the Iron Throne.   Cole’s a hypocrite, plain and simple. By his own culture’s standards he’d be destroying her honor and making bastards of their kids no matter what they do. Lucamore was literally gelded and banished for that kind of thing.
Where in your post were you quoting someone?
happens all the time on this sub when you aren't unapologetically pro-black team
>I mean he offered her something that only benefits him too.   >She gives up:  >birthright   >riches  >a dragon  >her whole family  Well then, maybe dont go around seducing your surbodinates,and blocking their exit coz your uncle rejected you,especially if you have that much to lose.  And btw they both sacrifice,Cole would be a fugitive and would be killed if caught.The only benefit i for both is having each other  >All so Cole can ‘do the right thing’ insofar as his culture sees it… when the right thing by those standards is to not sleep with her in the first place  Where do I mention it being the right thing or talk about culture  >Cole’s a hypocrite, plain and simple. By his own culture’s standards he’d be destroying her honor and making bastards of their kids no matter what they do. Lucamore was literally gelded and banished for that kind of thing.  How is a hypocrite in this instance exactly?Honor wasn't the reason he didn't want to runaway.He just didnt want to creep around with her
Why would she have to give up Syrax?
I said "He didn't want to be her whore"   Which is a refrence to something Cole said,   "you want me to be whore",as he left insulted at the proposal  How is that me calling Cole or anyone  a whore?
Rhae never blocked Cole from leaving the room. I never rese the books but I'm assuming you're talking about the show & the scene didn't play out that way at all. He whispered no to her one time then proceeded to lift his arm so she could take off his armor.  It's funny you complain about semantics yet make multiple excuses for Cole. If Cole was truly as honorable as you say he would've left that room, he was more than big & skilled enough to remove get Rhae off him without harming her. A man of true honor wouldn't have fell to temptation then try to run away with a princess. Almost everyone in this story is shitty person, Cole definitely isn't excluded.
At no point was he promised anything. At no point was he threatened. He gave up his oath for lust.  He ‘cheapened his dedication and sacrifice’ cause he wanted Rhaenyra.  He then decided he actually wanted to have her openly and proposed an idiotic plan likely to throw the realm into chaos and got pissed when she said no.  >culture  I mean, you certainly imply it. We’re supposed to sympathize with Cole because being made a paramour is supposedly equal to turning him into a whore. This statement only makes sense if viewed through Westerosi or similar lens.   And even then it doesn’t because he cannot legally marry her anyway - making him a hypocrite. He angrily goes “you want to make me your whore” while proposing she openly makes herself his mistress and gives him bastard kids insofar as it’d be seen by everyone… atop on potentially causing a Targaryen/Velaryon civil war.   He has no moral superiority to stand on. They’re both just following their desires heedless of the danger.
>”I'm asking you to come with me... away from all of this. From the burdens and indignities of your inheritance. Let us leave it all behind and see the world together... where we'll be nameless, and free...”   I mean, kinda hard to be nameless with a dragon.   Not to mention I don’t see how they’d feed her as a ‘nameless and free’ girl of no particularly practical skill and a swordsman. Let her loose on another’s cattle a la Drogon, perhaps?  I suppose they could’ve pulled a Daemon-at-Pentos but that’s not really being neither nameless nor free. It’s just swapping one kingdom for another.
>Rhae never blocked Cole from leaving the room. I never rese the books but I'm assuming you're talking about the show & the scene didn't play out that way at all. He whispered no to her one time then proceeded to lift his arm so she could take off his armor.  Lol confidently wrong  https://youtu.be/nrDR3V1LtNI  At 0.23 seconds we see Cole attempt to leave,Rhaenyra moves towards  the door,shut its  and stands in front of it.  >It's funny you complain about semantics yet make multiple excuses for Cole. If Cole was truly as honorable as you say he would've left that room, he was more than big & skilled enough to remove get Rhae off him without harming her  Why would he remove her if she never blocked Cole from leaving the room?That statement contradicts your first chief  I wil tell you whats funnier,  at no point did I make an argument about Coles honor.I used sacrifices in life  and dedication to serve the realm,love but never argued Cole had honor.  I guess its easier to continue to argue a strawman that I have corrected a couple of times.Or maybe you just didn't read coz anything that paints Rhaenyra in bad light is blasphemy
I agree with everything you said, but would also like to add:  How old was he and how old was she? I think she's like 16 at that moment
>At no point was he promised anything. At no point was he threatened. He gave up his oath for lust.  In a power imbalance where the risk of getting caught is execution, the threat is implied  >He ‘cheapened his dedication and sacrifice’ cause he wanted Rhaenyra.   Both can be true, you know that right?  Cole acted on his temptation,but those temptations wouldn't exist without Rhaenyra's insistence.  To add to that,Rhaenyra fails to communicate "what this is" to him.So I can understand why  a low born who has never been in a relationship, and  just watched the realms delight reject high borns for him, acting on his lust.I can't blame him for  thinking this is something more than casual sex,which is not common among women with  royal blood  >He then decided he actually wanted to have her openly and proposed an idiotic plan likely to throw the realm into chaos and got pissed when she said no.  As opposed to her plan which doesn't lead to those things and everyone livung happily ever after, oh wait a minute...  >I mean, you certainly imply it.  How is it implied?I never mentioned culture.Cole never mentioned culture. Cole's proposal was based on thinking they were head over heels for one another.He talks about both of them being free.It had nothing to do with culture or honor.Her saying he should be her  booty call cheapens what he thought they shared,as he realizes he sacrificed all his life's work for a cheap fling.I dont get whats hard to grasp here  I'm not asking you to sympathize with anyone.Who you choose to symphathize with, is your own prerogative.I'm telling how I interpreted the situation between high born and her surbodinate  I also hate that every argument is turned into who is morally superior.  #No one is
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Larnor got tired of waiting around for all this political drama to get things going. He wanted to go to where the action was at ASAP
Quality meme
Had a little giggle on this bleak Friday morning
THOSE KIDS ARE BASTARDS, BABY!!!
Rhaenyra and Alicient didn't create the war, they're in the middle of it because of decisions made by the men around them.   That's a bit dumb and unnecessary mysoginistic.
Rhaenyra and Alicent had 10 years to stop it and get along and didn't. The bad men weren't around them at this time too. They may not have started it directly but they certainly helped get it on track.
so why didn't Alicent say "okay then, let Rhaenyra have it" when Aegon said "I dun wunnit"?
What are you even talking about?
They caused it too so you are the sexist here, saying "men caused it"
Don't know why you are being downvoted...this is literally the theme of the show
The cycle of hatred could have been broken by anyone and no one did it. Daemon and Otto (And to a lesser extent, Corlys and probably Ottos brother) may have started this feud, but by the time Rhaenyra and Alicent were adults they should have known what this was heading to. Even Aegon, Aemond, Jace, and Luke should be less than willing to fly around looking for allies in a coming war on their mothers orders.
She was convinced by Otto that no matter what Aegon wanted, Rhaenyra would kill them eventually. She wants to protect her sons
That's not how sexism works
The show is mainly Rhaenyra vs Alicent  That's all the meme is saying. Nothing here says the men are completely innocent.  As the feminists love to say "Actually, we're just talking about women right now. Nobody was talking about men."
Probably because I mentionned the m word. Wait until I use the << patriarchy >> one
If she trusted Rhaenyra nothing Otto said could have made her think that Rhaenyra would kill her children.  And why doesn't she trust Rhaenyra? Because Rhaenyra already lied to her face.
All I'm saying is they caused it too bc they were ones to fight over a throne which led to war
You’re not wrong about the politics of the story. I think you lost people because it sounded like you were accusing OP of misogynistic intent.
Yes, absolutely. And Rhaenyra lied to her face because her virtue was compromised and it would absolutely ruin her. It wouldn't be an issue if she was a man, though.
This is reaaaaally not as simple as that, unfortunetely. It's not just a fight between Rhaenyra and Alicent, it's a succession issue caused mainly by politics, laws, rules, norms and stuff based on gender. And these laws, rules, norms and stuff were made by men for men. As much as you don't like it, it IS the main theme of the show. With dragons.
Well, I don't know. It seemed to me  like the meme is just reducing the war to a cat fight between Rhaenyra and Alicent. Considering that the whole conflict between them is mainly caused by the rules and norms oppressing women and made by men, it does feel a bit misogynistic. Even as a joke.   I was expecting to be downvoted. Although, I am a bit surprised that some people don't seem to acknowledge the nuance and complexity of the politics. It's what makes the show incredible
if Rhaenyra had told Alicent the truth what would have Alicent done?
They were a part of it to, now stop blaming everything on men
Well, one type of humor is an almost absurd simplification. Because it’s the internet you can’t really tell if the creator of such meme is acknowledging the absurdity or really thinks it was this simple.   I think the way you went about finding out was a little aggressive out the gate. People who think misogynisticly absolutely deserve to be called out and roasted, however I fully agree.
I have no idea. It would certainly be a dilemma for her because Rhaenyra is her friend, but she was raised to be dutiful. Also, she's the Queen.   It's a good question
I understand Rhaenyra to not take any chances, though
Never said they weren't part of it too. But if you don't understand the war is caused mainly by patriarchy, I get why you wouldn't understand my point
It might have been a bit agressive. I guess I interpreted the meme as a way of saying << Rhaenyra and Alicent are in a silly cat fight and it causes a war >> and I commented impulsively.   I've seen and heard a lot of this in this fandom and it gets annoying, but maybe it was not the case with OP.
that is probably because Alicent was also not honest with her.  Yes, they are two women caught up in a men's war, but they are not innocent either, neither were honest to each other.
It’s all good. I admire your passion for speaking up on important issues.   There’s a reason a lot of racism and misogyny is hidden behind jokes.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's a pretty feet tbh
I wish I had thought of this lol
🫣
Larys be forcing Alicent to take him to see the Barbie movie in exchange for intel
House of Barbie.
It ain’t the feet he likes.   It’s making alicent uncomfortable about her feet being seen that gets him off. It’s the sadism of subjecting someone to the discomfort and insecurity of their feet that he feels.   In other words, just when we thought Larry couldn’t get any worse, he does.
Larys is the Gene Snitsky of the show.
I would lick that
He and I both
You've heard of the Hand of the King. Now meet the Feet of the Queen. 💜🤣
Once again the ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) has been summoned
I spit my drink 😂
Larys The Feet
Low key a thought this was a nice touch
His such a weird dude. Hellyeah I suck toes!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ok but Margot Robbie has insanely sexy feet tbf
Mood
Everybody seems to have a different take on what makes pretty feet pretty. I tend to like feet, that have decent arches, dainty heels, and toes that aren’t massively long, and if they are kind of long, I prefer them a bit straighter with the tip a bit bulbous (but in a dainty way),  But more importantly, the big toe is sexiest when it curls up.  I don’t mind one toe, particularly the baby toe, is a little bit off kilter. I prefer a curve across the front so that the toes don’t line up and the baby toe and big toe are set back a TINY bit. It’s actually anatomically correct to have the second and third toe SLIGHTLY longer, gradually tapered toward the baby toe.  Unlike some people, I don’t like dirty feet. I tend to like toes closer together.  They need to be maintained beautifully, well moisturized (if not, I’ll wash my woman’s feet myself every night, massage them with cocoa butter, coat them in olive oil and put them in cotton socks). They don’t Have to be painted, I do like paint too!  I don’t like huge feet; I prefer them to be proportionately small to the girl. And whether they are on a bigger or smaller size, I never like when a woman pulls her feet up; some bit of toe pointing is best - whenever possible. …I’m not sure why models, and anyone in the public eye for that matter doesn’t get it. The flat-foot look simply looks goofy, and can turn me off in a heartbeat….  I think I think Margo has nice feet, but not phenomenal and the same for her legs. Her legs are passable, but a bit bowed. Her thin ankles, save her. In fact, everything above her knee it is beyond HEAVENLY.  When you’re one of the most beautiful woman in the world, everything can’t be perfect. But what I love most about her is her personality, her humility and warmth. She’s also funny, an amazing actress, and she’s so genuine. she always seems like she’s going to either be on the verge of crying from embarrassment about some thing or most of the time ready to burst out laughing. Now that I’ve scrutinized the hell out of her, I hope everybody will leave her middle toe alone. Is everyone so perfect that they can criticize one toe on a person who looks like her? Give me a break…🙄😵‍💫😆
What an ugly shoe
😹😂🤣🎭🃏
This is so hilarious 😂
🤣🤣
That’s pretty funny. 🥹😆😄
😂😂😂
Larys and Tarantino agreed
I disagree. You see that weird ass middle toe sticking out farther than the rest?
All feër R bootifull
Nice name for a movie.
I mean he could do that any other way, he chooses to do so with her feet because he likes them too. He can be a sadist and have a foot fetish.
Yea but there’s a way to look down on Larys for being who he is without shaming people for having a foot fetish.
This is just pure fabrication lol
I mean, you are not wrong..  But do I have to like it? Absolutely not.
Whatever Larys
“IT WASN’T MY FAULT” -Larys when asked who burned Harrenhal
I would drag my balls across 10 miles of deathstalker scorpions covered in hot sauce and battery acid just to sniff her heels
As a fellow foot fetishist (check my history lol), Margot Robbie has S-tier feet. And her willingness to show them off puts her higher on the list.
😳
When I saw the trailer and Margot Robbie, and this scene showed up my initial thought was «wait, Tarantino directed Barbie?»
AI toes.
Did you SEE the toe?!
Agree
Yeah he could've asked to see her tits but instead wants the feet. Dude likes feet.
No, I get that people have foot fetishes and no judgement, everyone has their own thing. What I'm saying is that rather than having a foot fetish the way most people with foot fetishes have them, he has a unique variation on foot fetishes based around finding sexual gratification through controlling, non-physically violating and humiliating Alicent.
The actor himself has said it about his character.
And yet, it makes a lot of sense and is probably accurate
Well, that’s enough HOTD sub for me today.
Time to go gather some scorpions so I can make this man's dream come true
Username checks out
Shallow Hal reference?
Or....the HOTD showrunners aren't interested in nudity as much as GOT.   Shit, now that you mention it I see how much potential there was for Olivia Cooke's nudity.
Same.
Enough HoTD sub for a week.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That dress is a complete disaster for the royal princess. What were they thinking??
Yeah…don’t hold your breath 😔  I wish they’d do something tangible with her dreamer abilities. It’s a really interesting feature of her character but it seems a bit pointless if all they’re going to do is have her occasionally murmuring some cryptic prophecy that no one in the show understands or even reacts to.
I love Helaena; she’s the cutest.
By god she needs them
Well, if you want to see her happy, enjoy it in season 1. Because in season two and beyond…..
Im naive enough to hope seeing her riding Dreamfyre and being genuinely happy with her children before you know what
She is a doll ❤️
She has a terrible family, and lives in a terrible place in a terrible world. If only Alicent had let her marry Jace, then she might’ve actually been happy.
That's probably wishful thinking. Being raped by your brother with your hypocrite mother endorsing it would make few people happy.
My number one delight after Milly left the show.
Spoiler alert but she does have at least one very important scene in the next season.
I feel so bad for whats gonna happen to her later.....
Don't worry, there are plenty to come
She was always a pleasant presence onscreen.
There was a YouTuber, who pointed out that like Helaena’s and some of younger Rhaenyra’s dresses, they aren’t wearing the appropriate corset-type undergarments underneath. It makes the dresses look ill-fitting or crumpled. There needs to structured undergarments underneath to make the dresses of this era look smooth.
I actually like that she is a ignored dreamer. It shows how House Targaryen is in a horrible state. Dreams were what saved them from the destruction of Valyria and made them conquer Westeros, but they now are soo blinded by their own conflict that they can't even notice a dreamer right there in their faces
And if GoT is the blueprint,  prophecies are just for shits and giggles anyways.
That dance, and her smiling… Everything could have been so much better if that had happened.
Nah, they would have just died 'at the hands of' Daemon instead, or do you really think that he would allow Rhaenyra's bastards to rule over his own sons? He is too cruel, and power hungry for that.
This is a spoiler. You might not think it is but it is cause now show onlys are gonna assume and anticipate something bad happening to her
[removed]
That’s an interesting take, I hadn’t thought of it like that! It’s also super ironic that Viserys was so obsessed with being a dreamer himself and yet when his daughter actually was one he was too self involved to even notice.
Can’t argue with that!
Heyy, so just thought of this...maybe "Arry" was the prince that was promised. Ya know? Maybe?
Well by GOT standards, prophecies are misleading and purposely open to interpretation.
in the show (so far) he never gave the impression he would harm the Strong boys. He looks like hungry of power but only for himself
He didn’t kill his brother. He loves his family, and hasn’t shown any malice to the Strong boys at all. This is a ridiculous assumption with no evidence to support it.
He loves the family that he approves of. The ones he considers to be true Targaryens, he doesn't even consider Alicent's children because they are part Hightower. If you really think that he would accept the natural born sons of Rhaenyra, especially when they pose a threat towards his grasp of power and his progeny's advancement, you are deluding yourself.
He doesn’t like Alicent’s sons bc they are related to her and Otto, and from his POV they helped usurp Viserys’s crown. We are shown nothing to suggest Daemon dislikes Rhaenyra’s sons, or would do anything malicious to them, not to mention he was friends with their father. I make my assertions based on what we are shown, not my own personal obsession with disliking characters.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's about the new streaming service and probably about financial information etc. While I'd love some news about content, I don't think we'll get any.
I am begging them to finally release the new cast information. The anticipation is killing me.
Wonder if we get casting news for season 2?
apparently last time they held a press event they showed some stuff for justice league and details about other shows they were making. But you may be right i know they are for sure shows the new app that they made "Max" is the reported name. I thought with all the new info coming it was weird that it was a week before they hold this event.
Thats what i was thinking. Probably nothing about episode cuts or anything in the show but probably gonna get some side characters casting.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In a perfect world, Ned Stark.   Im this world, Margaery Tyrell. She had the whole package. Smart, beautiful, kind at times, manipulative, rich. With a little bit of guidance from grandmother, she would have learned when to be just a little ruthless and I think she'd make a great queen.
Queen Olenna, with Margaery as Crown Princess.  Ned is a good man, but not good enough at realpoltik.  Also, I find your lack of Varys disturbing, because he’d rock.
Margery or Olenna.  Ned is too honourable to be King.
Of these choices? Margaery.
Out of that list? Margaery. Knows how to play the game, isn't *too* morally compromised but isn't naive or trusting.
Margaery always
Shireen with Davos as hand. She the only Baratheon that is capable of being a good ruler. She would create public schools for kids. Her ancestors(Egg, Rheanyra, Viserys) were rulers. She had some adversity , that she overcame(battle with Greyscale).
Am I the only one who thinks Oberyn would be the best King? He's a good person deep down, he knows how to play the game of thrones, he can see through people's bullshit and I think he would be able rule without being either too honorable nor being too cruel.
Tormund Giantsbabe.
Varys.  edit: how tf did you not include Varys but you got Walder Frey???
Margaery or Olenna Tyrell
My girl Margaery. Accept no substitutes!
Maester Aemon
Sansa would absolutely have what it takes to bring fairness and peace throughout. My second opinion would be for Margaery because well she is amazing at everything.
Margery and Robb marry and rule as king and queen
Hodor.  There would finally be some chivalry in Westeros.
Hodor, because Hodor
I shall never abandon my Khalessi.  In all seriousness though, probably Lady Olenna. She is smart, charismatic, & shrewd enough to rule effectively.
Dany
Bessie, if her great big tits could calm even Robert Baratheon, they could've probably united the 7 Kingdoms and brought peace for decades
Stannis, he might not be the best individualy, but he would be the only one to surround himself with loyal and competent advisor. He also has a strong sence of Duty and Law while being harsh but fair. The only argument against him is Melisandra, and he would probably get rid of her if he was king, since she isn't very loyal or very competent.
I love how everyone is missing the obvious answer. Ser Pounce. Knows the layout of kings landing even better than Tyrian. Can out stealth Arya. Also has never said anything controversial
Where is the night king?
The Tyrells as a whole
Olenna Tyrell for sure. She’s sharp as a tack, any of the ‘bad’ things she did were to protect others or for the greater good (Joffrey), she has strong political allies, and can financially back herself should she need to. She understands that honour alone isn’t enough to be a good ruler. You need to know the politics, and be able to play the game.  Ned & Jon were honourable & loyal men, but both were betrayed & killed. They didn’t want to get in to the political back channels and subversive acts.   Sansa has the potential. I think had she spent more in the company of women like Olenna & Margaery Tyrell, they would have been able to give her the guidance to help make her a great ruler.
I’m gonna have to say my girl Margery, she really understood the Royal politics and also understood the people. Knew how to charm and manipulate and came from a royal family herself so it’s familiar territory - she in my eyes would’ve been the best queen.
Season 1-5 Daenarys, Olenna, or Tyrion
Definitely Margaery Tyrell; she's cunning but not wicked, her gentleness and approach towards the common folk has a bit of populism but it's also legit, she's sufficiently well instructed in history, war strategy and economics, she has no bigotry at all, as her relationship and acceptance of her brother homosexuality exemplifies, and it's a pretty lady - she's perfect, perhaps the reason why George will probably fuck her up royally in the novels just like D&D did in the series lol
Danny’s fine ass
Daenerys Targaryen
Daenerys Targaryen the First of Her Name  Princess of Dragonstone  Queen of the Seven Kingdoms  Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Khaleesi of Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Shackles, and Mother of Dragons  Protector of the Realm
Margaery Tyrell.
Never thought of this before, but King Jon Snow and Queen Margaery Tyrell would have been a *very* effective and powerful dynamic, I think.
Hot Pie
Why are there no HOTD characters?
I’d pick Bran. I mean, could you imagine if the show did something crazy like making him king?! I could just imagine it..
Margaery Tyrell 100%. Perfect but savage if she needs to be.
Bit of a far out pick but I’d love to see a Jaime/Margaery royal couple. Just about everything wrong with Jaime came from Cersei’s involvement in his life. Jaime and Margaery with  Olenna as the mother in law sounds great
Daenerys or Margaery. I love the idea of Dany staying in Essos and ruling there, and Margaery ruling in Westeros. Someone above said Brienne and that would be excellent.  Why is Stannis not here? Stannis marries Margaery (I know the age difference is 😳 but I’m just talking politics/rulership here) with Davos and Olenna as Hands in Westeros.  Dany marries Jon, and Missandei and Tyrion are Hands (particularly their book counterparts, D&D really nerfed their intelligence) in Essos.
Daenyerys Targaryen. She constantly inspired those around her and led where no one else could. Whether it be leading the dothraki out of the desert, freeing the slave cities, convincing the full Dothraki horde to join her, walking out of the flames twice and once with dragons. She performed better as a battle strategist than anyone after Robb Starks death. When Jon told her the Knight King is coming and she responds “the dead are already here,” it just showed she was the real leader and not him. She always put her people first and the whole stunt David and Dan made her pull at the end was ridiculous and such a shame that it was how she went out. She brought dragons out of extinction and showed she was clearly the best choice for the throne throughout the entire show.
Of all the show's characters, Lyanna Mormont.  That little asskicker doesn't need a Queensguard.
Sam would definitely be a good king with the knowledge to reform the system. Tyrion would be the better king to make it happen.
Olenna as Queen, Margery as Heir, S8 Sansa as Hand
Wrong sub.
Tyrion Lannister would be King! He is by far the most intelligent, sensible, and has dealt with issues all his life. He also has  money! A Lannister always pays.
Ned Stark
I’d love to say Ned.  But it’s Margaery (show not books) with Olenna as her hand
Daenerys with Margaery as her consort. Daenerys cannot conceive anyway but Margaery could with perhaps one of the other perceived targaryens . They could be a power couple.
Renly, who is not even on this list. He was benevolent and fair, and did not let pesky things like honor, or the order of succession get in the way of his rule. Littlefinger supported him and would have been a powerful ally on his council, and therefore the Vale would also give support, since Lysa was obsessed with him. He had massive support from nearly every house in the Stormlands AND the Reach and would have crushed Kings Landing, and the Lannisters/Westerland Lords for that matter, had it not been for Stannis and his shadow assassin offspring.   He would have the Knight of the Flowers and Brienne of Tarth on his kings guard, and Margery his queen.   With the lords of the West subdued with the defeat of the Lannisters, that just leave the North, the Iron Islands, the River Lands, and Dorne.   Dorne had no love for the Lannisters for what they did to their family after Roberts rebellion, but then again could hold that grudge against the Baratheon’s as well. Most likely they would make a truce and support Renly against what may be left of the Lannisters, since it was Tywin who gave the order and the Mountain who executed it.  The Iron Islands will rebel, as they do, and will be quelled rather quickly by the North, since they no longer have to worry about the Lannisters or marching on Kings Landing anymore.  As for the North and the Riverlands, they are one and the same for the purpose of this, because the Riverlands support Robb, so they will do whatever the North does.   The red wedding would not have happened, because Renly would already have marched on Kings Landing, and Robb Stark was on the verge of creating an alliance with him before he was killed. He would have allowed Robb to continue calling himself King in the North, so long as he pledged fealty to Renly, which I believe Robb would have done, in the interest of his people. He fight is done after all, once the Lannisters are defeated.  Renly is king, Robb is alive. Jon Snow warns about the Night King invasion, and since Renly trusts the Starks he trusts them and joins forces with the united power of the 7 kingdoms to stop the Long Night.   That just leaves Dany and her dragons, army of 8000 unsullied, sell swords, and 50k Dothraki, most of which would have been wiped out if they joined support with the rest of the seven kingdoms to defeat the Night King if everything else went the same as the show at this point since we no longer have the books to rely on, then we can assume that she is down a dragon, and Jon Snow is the rider of another dragon, therefore it’s loyalty will go to him, per Targaryen Dragon rider rules as I understand them. That leaves her with the largest and fiercest of her dragons, and what’s left of her army. Tough to say what happens from here.   Once again it comes down to Jon Snow; if he joins with Dany that gives her 2 dragons and turns the tide in her favor no matter how large Renlys army is. If he sides with Renly, then it will be a very bloody war, but ultimately Renly wins, and remains King.  And his rule henceforth would be peaceful.   TL;DR Renly has a lot of support and was well loved.
NED STARK
Aragorn son of Arathorn
Honestly, Dany. If she could have just been queen, without having to conquer to get there, then she’s also the whole package (as we all seem to agree about the Tyrells). We just never saw Margery have to go to war.   She’s objectively intelligent, and she holds her cards close to her vest. She’s always considering how her enemies and even friends could be working against her, so good at politicking. She genuinely wants to be a good leader and cares about the small folk. She’s charismatic and beautiful, with the right name. All of that is true BEFORE she also has military might and riches, and you know… dragons.
Ik he didn’t want it, but Daeron the Daring. The fact he was capable but still didn’t want the throne is a good thing imo. Not power hungry, but would be able to lead. Idk how he’d be convinced to take the Throne other than inheritance, but… we can dream right 🥲
Tormund. Needs no explanation
Natalie Dormer ❤️
Hodor, Hodor Ho-dorrr hoDOR
Kinda out of left field but tbh I’d go with Ser Davos   He has the rare combination of being born into the lower classes, while also knowing realpolitik inside and out  Him being from poverty would likely make him more in touch with the needs of Westerosi people. And he’s got political experience as Stannis’ hand. He’s the whole package tbh, he’d just need good people on his council (Varys as master of whispers, etc)
Podrick
The Night King. I think he had pretty sound policies such as population reduction that were never fully realized or appreciated.
Hodor.   Hodor Hodor Hodor Hodor, Hodor Hodor.   Hodor Hodor, Hodor Hodor Hodor.
Ofcourse our chad king Edmure Tully first of his name
Why are some of these even options lmao
Well, I want to say Oberyn because Pedro 🤤 But he's not my legitimate pick for king. I personally wouldn't pick Ned because he seems to put too much trust in people to do the right thing. I'd pick Olenna, she's incredibly intelligent, can read people and has a spine, but isn't impulsive. I'd pick Tyrion for her Hand.
Margaery for sure
I think Sam would do well
Bran. Cuz why not ruin the series.
Brienne of Tarth. Honourable and true.
I vote for Daenerys Targaryen to be the queen because she is a good ruler, and a nice person.  Also, she is a Targaryen. In my opinion, only a Targaryen has the right to sit on the Iron Throne
Littlefinger  I just wanna see the world burn🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
The only correct answer is Ty 'win' Lannister .
Gregor Clegane
Tormumd and I think we all know why he would be the best
King Ned, Littlefinger as Hand
Bran the Broken
Gilly " I know S"
Hodor bc hodor. Maybe bran wargs him in the really important decisions.
The mountain
The mountain, because imagine the chaos
A king needs a good story.  And who has a better story than Bran The Broken.
Ned probably would have made the best king
Ser Davos the Onion Knight (if he were included).   From the options Petyr Baelish.  If he were the top of the food chain he wouldn’t want chaos. I think he had a level head on his shoulders and would be able to rule smartly.
You never specified that I was picking them for the good of the kingdoms. So, I pick the High Sparrow, just to see what would happen.
Stannis
Bran because he has the best story /s
Gregor clegane because every generation needs a maegor.
Samwell has my vote!
Bro Queen Helaena baby, absolute monarch.
Ned or varys
Samwell Tarly, he has the compassion, the knowledge and there’s not a bad bone in him.
Samwell
Brienne and Sam. Wisdom, courage, kindness, and true goodness and compassion.
Samwell Tarly is the only answer
Daenerys Targaryen; followed by Tyrion Lannister.
I would choose Shireen to be honest, she was smart, kind and strong deep inside, with good small council she will be the best ruler of Seven Kingdoms, Baratheon and Targaryen Blood runs in her veins, so she have pretty good claim also
Stannis the Mannis.
The High Sparrow.
The most basic choice: Jaehaerys I and Alysanne.
Stannis, he's the only man that would bring an end to the game.
I KNEW MANY WOULD ANSWER MARGAERY!! Y’all don’t disappoint. She was my first choice too with Stannis being second.
Where is Lady Mormont? She’d be good now that she can use a gun (Last of Us reference)
Shireen was very young but already kind and intelligent. With some good guidance she'd make an excellent queen.
Danaerys friggin targaryan like it was supposed to be
Why is Cersei’s photo a drawing?
Samwell Tarley or Brienne of Tarth. Because they they both have a very high moral compass and a sense of duty. They also own shit when they need to Sam sharded that cold mf while Big B of T did her duty
Queen of thorns herself.
Jaehaerys and Alysanne Targaryen. They did well the first I'm sure they gonna do better the second.
Tyrion Lannister as king, Bran at his side, Sansa in the north, Oberyn in the south, and Dany should've left her ass in Essos.    Tyrian Lannister would have made the best king. He's smart, resourceful, and always weighs decisions realistically without jumping to action. And, in the end, all he wanted was peace. Bran was still a great pick because he literally has all of the knowledge in the world.
Tyrion💯💯. Wise enough.
Nobody's Talking about my guy Tyrion Lannister, Man he was smart, wise and fair with everyone.
Gendry, he’s the rightful heir and a fair and just person who knows what it’s like at the bottom
Tyrion, Sam, Sansa are the best picks in that order imo
Eddard Stark, because Eddard Stark.
Jon Snow.
Stannis Baratheon because he's the one true king by every law in Westeros. Azor Ahai come again, born amidst salt and smoke.
Stannis Baratheon!
Rob Stark 100% would have been the best king.
Samwell Tarly. Wasn't he the one who proposed democracy? He's smart and just a good guy.
Later seasons Sansa (after she grew past being a bratty teenager). There are very few people both politically savvy and level headed enough to lead, and she’s one of them. Also, she seems to truly care about the good of the people.  I’m also inclined to say Lady Olenna or Margery, but those two strike me as a bit too cut throat. Margery goes out and cares for orphans and the poor… not because she truly cares, but because it gives her an edge. Someone needed to kill Geoffry, so kudos to Lady Olenna for that, but she didn’t really care who was destroyed as long as her family came out on top.   Dany was talented and truly cared about the good of the people, but that Targ madness was starting to rear it’s ugly head at the end.   A lot of people are mentioning Ned Stark, but no way. The guy had no tact. He could have prevented the events of the entire story if he held his cards a bit closer to the chest. Instead, he got his head chopped off for being too honorable and expecting others to behave similarly.
Obviously, the only right answer is Cersei. Only she has the ruthlessness and knowledge to rule a place like Westeros.
Ned or Jon.
Season 5 Daenerys Targaryen
Who else? Nobody but the Mother of Dragons, Daenerys Targaryen
Bran, because who has a better story than him?!
Ned
Bran obviously. He has the best story
Patchface
Stannis Baratheon!
My choice isn't here, but Lyanna Mormont would be my choice. Not a pushover, but also humble enough to seek advice from her counsel, and hasn't been corrupted by greed or lust like 90% of the characters on the show
Brianne from later in the seasons. She got big justice vibes, and that dommy stare.
Brienne of mother effing Tarth
Brienne.
It’s Davos but I don’t see him here
Where the hell is Stannis..? The only true king..
I’m going to need little Lady Lyanna Mormont added before I can answer.
Brienne and Jaime as sovereign. They both know honour and sacrifice, and are also aware of the small folk’s struggles.
Daenerys Targaryen
Dany
Kingslayer would make the best King coincidentally
Unironically Littlefinger.  Only person there with the brains, guile, and the ability to play other powerful and ambitious people agaisnt each other to mantain the status quo.
Daenerys Targaryen
This belongs on r/gameofthrones not on here
Sansa, now that she's older and wiser and has been through some stuff. At heart she's good yet she knows how to play hard.
Jamie Lannister with Tyrion as hand.
Hodor - it's about time something went his way.
Khal drogo
I want Cerse to know... It would not be her.  (Seriously, no one. Monarchy is the root cause of the issues in the story.)
Aemon Targaryen, the Dragonknight
Jon…. He’s the rightful heir and best suited for ruling
Tywin.
Just from these options? Tyrion.    Anyone from ASOIAF? Jaehaerys I
Sansa or Jon
High Sparrow or bust. Fuck the monarchy
I KNEW MANY WOULD ANSWER MARGAERY!! Y’all don’t disappoint. She was my first choice too.
Jon Snow, cliche answer but he went through the most during the 8 seasons and came out (mostly) alive and for the most part had good judgement ( yes with a few exceptions, ignoring  Danaerys’s deteriorating mental health)
Brienne or Gendry. Smart. Resourceful. Empathetic. Tough.
Jon let the white dragon lead the kingdoms, he might bring honour to the crown again.
Jon Snow as king. A chad that is loved by the people who has a good heart and will do what is necessary for us. Daenerys is queen. Bc she a baddie who is also loved by the people and has 3 dragons to keep her kingdom safe.
Queen = Sansa, cause she has grown a lot throughout the story and in my opinion has the knowledge to rule as queen.  However, Olenna will always have a special place in my heart...  King = Tyrion, cause he has the ability to make tough decisions in difficult situations, while still being humane to others and the world (for the most part)
Sansa.   She’s observed power dynamics in Kings Landing and the Eyrie and Winterfell.  She’s learned from Ned, Catlyn, Cersei, Littlefinger, Margaery, etc.   She’s a combination of intelligence and kindness and practicality.   She just needs a queen’s assassin to do her dirty work. (Arya)
Maester Aemon
Olenna, but pretty much anyone but Bran would suit me.
Sansa.
How is Jon snow not the consensus
ARYA FUCKING STARK!!!!
Ramsay, the true king in the north!
Sansa with Tyrion as hand
Arya. Just Arya
Arya.  In case of issue she would just wear a face and deal with it.
I would say Ned, but I feel like his honour would get him assassinated pretty quickly… but at the same time, I guess that means Rob is his rightful heir, and there’s no question of the line of succession.   I just feel like Ned and politics never mix, he’s too *good* to play the game of thrones.
Danny if they didn’t change writers and then Ned stark to balance her out. Hot and cold. Danny with the ambition and good heart and able to see the other side but sometimes she’d go too far and I think Ned would just be like chill. They’re all your subjects and she would understand
No love for Renly Baratheon in this comment section? smh.
Jon snow, because he is a good leader and amazing king. Also he is not under the control of a magical tyrant.
It’s such a boring answer but Jon and Tyrion are the only viable options on this list. In my defence, you do have Ramsay, Osha and the fucking Mountain on here.
Season 2 Tyrion.
Tyrion has demonstrated leadership and obvious cunning. I think he would make a great king if he wasn’t so short, just because he would continue to be a laughingstock unfortunately.
Where's Tywin Lannister?
OF COURSE JOJEN
Bran definitely. The most wise, non-power hungry and non-judgmental
Either little finger or Drogo
Russ Bolton
If you aren't picking Ned Stark...why are you wrong?
Egg deserves a second shot
Hodor
Hodor hodor hodor “hodor HODOR hodor!”
Robb as King, with Margaery his queen.  I don't care about their non-existent chemistry. They'd make a great power couple.  Both lack a taste for depravity and are no strangers to duty. Both also come from the few great houses of Westeros, ensuring influence and stability. Robb is a good fighter, a better commander and a great leader. His weakness of being bad in politics can be covered up by Margaery's wit and high intrigue.  They'd be a highly efficient, loveless ruler couple at worst, or the greatest power couple Westeros have seen after Jaeherys and Alysanne at best.
Of this list, Olenna for sure
Who wanna see king Ramsey? Seven kingdom would Burn. All seriusness mayby Ollenna
Hodor 100%
Hodor!
Ned
The mountain, he could simply eat whoever disobeyed him
Robb stark ruling with Margaery
Obie
Tyrion or Olenna Tyrell. And if I had to choose between those two, Lady Olenna.
Ramsay Bolton, just for the drama.
Jon as king, Margery as Queen.
Ned.  He ruled the north just fine, he’d find a way to get rid of the useless politicking people or find a use for them.
ned
The Queen of Thorns
In an ideal world, Ned Stark. In the horrible and real world, Varys.  Tyrion can do the job when he is not in the super dark place he is in right now in the books.
I’d say ned would be a good king  If he was the legitimate king he would be the sole authority and KL wouldn’t be filled with ambition/scheming lords  Roose is pragmatic and ruthless which could be good for a king  Ollena would make a good queen too
I mean Ned. The whole reason things went to shit was because Ned wasn’t there to be king.
My usual answer to these things is "Shireen, with Davos as hand to help her stay humble." She's kind, empathetic, giving, *and* has a claim strong enough to discourage rebellion.  If she's not here, Idk. Sam I guess? Or Sam as hand to King Jon?  All I want is a nice monarch who sets up schools. Westeros can't move beyond monarchy and feudalism *until* the rulers commit to educating the public, & not just the nobles.
It would help if the King or Queen was...alive
Rickon Stark should be King !!! but where is he
Roose Bolton
Early-series Daenerys
Jon Snow or Rob Stark
Ned. But he'd need a tyrion or tywin to be his hand.
Viper
Peter Baelish is the Prince who was promised. Unlike the show, I believe he ends up on the throne.
Stannnis...
I would crown Hodor as king because his simple mind would create a limited government that would allow more autonomy between the 7 kingdoms. Sam can be his homosexual king consort because he’s well educated as a maester and being the head of house Tarley in the Reach after his father and brother died, and the Tyrells would be one of the more powerful houses. Sam is also friends with the Starks so that would cement an alliance with the north as well as the vale and the river lands. The Dornish have no beef with either of them and Tyrion really doesn’t give a fuck anymore since the rock is broke. Gendry’s lover is also a stark so there you go full unity right there.
Ned Stark
Oberyin for obvious reasons
I’d pick Sam because he would be a benevolent ruler and he would move Westeros towards democracy. At the conclave where the nobles met to pick the next king, he practically invented the idea of democracy on the spot. Also, he would bring the classes closer together since he has not just a common born wife but a Wildling wife. I also think he’d implement a lot of public works: he’d keep up the King’s road and make sure that King’s Landing had better sewer systems, especially in and around Flea Bottom. I think he would encourage the maesters to bring their knowledge to the small folk to improve their health.  Some people might say that Sam is too soft to be a proper king but Sam actually has a lot of strength. He’s not an alpha male in the traditional sense, but he gets the job done. He has the necessary steel in his spine when he needs to.
Jon snow
I’d probably pick half of them before I picked Bran.
Obviously Hodor.
Yara
Jon snow because that's how season 8 should have ended
Nobody could fix this mess
Ned stark
It would be entertaining to watch khal drogo as the king of the seven kingdoms
Ygritte 100%
Any one of them alone would not make for a good ruler. They all have fatal flaws.. but if I could pair them up, it would be Sam Tarly/John Snow or Ned Stark/Lady Olena
The person has to be level headed, smart, capable of making unpopular decisions, male, and be good at politicking.  So, Tyrion or Bran
Hodor!
varys’s missing balls
Does no one seriously want The Hound?   The dude was badass, would pick smart people to guide his decisions, and wouldn't put people in a position he wouldn't do himself.
Ned stark
I was expecting to see a lot of ‘Ned stark’ I wasn’t disappointed.
My first thought went to the obvious perfect world candidate. Ned stark.   But more realistic and fitting with the story? Jon Snow. He would hate it, but he’d do a good job. Same reasons as Ned actually lmao
Bran the Broken
Where df is Bobby B ?
Ned Stark. He was the only good ruler in the realms, he was just, he had morals, and his people lived him for it. He unfortunately, had a creepy friend who couldn't take no for an answer. And caused a while civil war over it.
Seasons 1-4 Tyrion. Season 5-6 Tyrion wouldve been ok. Seasons 7-8 Tyrion wouldve sucked
Top Right. I like that dude.
Ned or Margaery. Sam, Sansa, and Tyrion get honorable mentions
i dont see hot pie
Going by the books, Jon Snow
Aemon Targaryen and it's not even close. Wise old man. He could have run the kingdom from the Wall and lived even longer.
Tyrion
I think a great deal of what made this series so good is how interesting the separate character arcs are. Each unique and exciting to navigate as it unfolds.
Tommen.
Jon  Because he's the ruler Westeros needs if not the one that it deserves
Hodor
Tell me, where is Davos? For I much desire to speak with him.
Kal Drogo because he's Jason Momoa!
Hodor
Oberyn martell from the line of succession it goes to him
Robb Stark. the fact he isn't here saddens me
Jon Snow
Theon Greyjoy. Think of the fucking wild adventure we’d be on trying to dethrone that piece of shit. It’d be epic.
Queen Olenna, Margaery as Princess. Enough time to be trained fully and she'll be a perfect queen: smart, a master manipulator, quickly adaptable but good natured. She would probably make her reign thrive, she understands a queen's best grip on the subjects is to be liked.
King:Ned Stark (Honorable,Respected,Just)  Queen:Margery Tyrell (Quick Wit,Adaptable,Ambitious)   Hand Of The King:Tywin Lannister (Smart,Ruthless,Assertive) I think Ned being Lawful Good, Margery Being True Neutral & Tywin Being Lawful Evil will balance out and they seven kingdoms will run smoothly with those three at the top.
Hodorrr
Gilly.  Because who has a better story than Gilly?  Obviously.
Jojen.
I'd pick no one
If y'all don't say Brienne, Ned, or Olenna.... I quit this sub for good. 😂
Hotpie  What is hot, may never pie
Hodor!  MWGA!
Ned as King  John Arryn as Hand of the King  Tyrion Lannister as Master of Coin  Maester Luwin or Sam as Grand Maester  The Spider as Master of Whisperers  Davos Seaworth as Master of Ships  Stannis Baratheon as Master of Laws  Brienne of Tarth as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard
Hodor obviously
Gilly.
What unites people? Armies? Gold? Flags? Stories. There's nothing more powerful than a good story. Nothing can stop it. No enemy can defeat it. And who has a better story than Bran the Broken? The boy who fell from a high tower and lived. He knew he'd never walk again, so he learned to fly. He crossed beyond the Wall, a crippled boy, and became the Three-Eyed Raven. He is our memory, the keeper of all our stories. The wars, weddings, births, massacres, famines. Our triumphs, our defeats, our past. Who better to lead us into the future?
Drogo just for the banter
How you gonna include Gilly and Walter Frey but not Varys or Robb Stark??
definitely Gilly
Tyrion Lannister
It has always been (book) Stannis
Jon Snow for King for obvious reasons...  And Margery for queen because she'd be able to keep up public opinion on his favor, play dirty politics and do all that non-combative king stuff should Jon be unable to, can't do or you know because he's not naive either so yeah.
Jon snow ❄️
I’d say Margaery Tyrell. She was smart, (mostly) kind, but also knew how to play the game and could be manipulative when necessary. I think she’d be a kind and fair ruler.   Ned would make a really good king, but he’s too honorable which = weakness in this world. I’d say Dany as she had the strongest claim technically and was a good person at her core, but having to basically conquer the world to be able to rule is a big set back. People in Westeros were always going to distrust her due to her family and the war/dragons she brought with her. If she had been raised in the same manner as margaery then I think she would be the better choice (but then she probably also wouldn’t be the mother of dragons and the breaker of chains).
Daenerys
Tyrion Lannister! He's intelligent. Great strategist in war.  He has a good heart but can be brutal if he needs to be. He has a great sense of humor and many ppl seem to love him. Plus .. he is just my favorite character from GOT.
1. Yara Greyjoy. Smarts, cunning, backbone. 2. Ned Stark. Only reason he's second is due to being a hair too trusting.  The Targaryens are mad so not going there without some happy SSRI drugs.
Ygritte just because I think it would be funny
Osha
Hodor. I feel like that’s obvious tho. “King Hodor what should we do about XYZ” *Hodor* 🙂
Jon Snow. The best leaders are the ones who actually don’t want to lead. They don’t hunger for power. People who want to be leaders usually just want power and are selfish.
Hodor
Daenerys
The leader of dorne with walking disabilities. Whatever it was in the books like arthritis or something. He seemed to be a decent ruler in the show.
Olenna, she is the perfect benevolent dictator
...and why is it Jon Snow?
Tyrion. Hands down. And the fact that that isn't how it went down in the show is criminal. He's a genuinely good man, but unlike Ned Stark, he knows how to play the game and doesn't let honor get in the way of winning. He's also, according to the established line of succession at the end of the show, the rightful heir to the iron throne.
Daeny
Tywin as king and Ned as the hand of the king would be a powerful duo. I do agree with Olenna being a good choice.
Margery/Olenna from this list, Doran Martell if I can choose from anyone.
Jon Snow aka Aegon Targaryen
Either Margery, Sansa, or Gendry. I was hoping they’d make Gendry king after Dany died. Him as king with Bran as master of Whisperers would be unstoppable. Brains and Brawn.
I would vote for Davos but he isn't here
Hordor
Hot Pie, obviously.
Who has a better story than bran the broken?
Hodor!
imma just stick w bran bc he has the ultimate foresight 😉
The hound. Hands down.
Tyrion
Olenna
Robert strong!
Ned is dead!!! Long live king Ned!!!
Yara/Asha would be interesting
Hodor
Bran as king and his hand as the mountain
The Mountain as a zombie cuz fuck this show
Jon, as feel the ones that don’t want it are the best rulers. But for fun I’ll say Tyrion.
I've heard from a good source than there's a guy with a really good story and no one has got a better one?
Sam, because our values align the most
Hey! Where's Hot Pie?
Margaery Tyrell, easily. She has strength and gentleness which is important in a person, even more so in a Queen. She has good people backing her and she is very adaptable to situations.
Maergery as queen
Jon Snow
Margaery. She was brilliant. The whole package and would have ruled the 7 kingdoms with grace but she was also cunning and quick
Hodor!
This question but add with which hand. I feel like you could get quite a few interesting combos that could actually work. And due to how influential the hand is in the day to days, it seems fair to include.
Tyrion hands down
Margery. She loves the common people, and they love her. The nobles love her.
Hot pie isn’t an option?
Tyrion as it should have been with Hodor as his hand.
Where is Robb Stark in this graphic? Anyway, the correct answer is not Bran.
Robb Stark. He should be the hero of the story. He had the best justification for his actions and on top of that he wasn't a POS like most of the people in the GOT universe seeking the throne.
Stannis or Ned
Ned Stark.
Margaery Tyrell. Only and final answer.
Me
Jon.. bcuz he didn't want it.. I think he'd rule justly and help his kingdom prosper..
Marjorie. Her inner motivations may be self-serving, but she would demand peace/beauty/justice/prosperity in every corner of her domains.
Where’s the Hound? He would eat every fucking chicken in this room.
Either Tyrion, Margery, Sam, Sansa or Jon. But I’m leaning toward Tyrion.
I’d say Jorah the Andal since he is a man of great honor and undying fidelity to his Khaleesi
Sansa obviously, best character development
Stannis or Ned
I feel like one of the characters with the most honor on this page if not the most is Brienne of Tarth
Margaery Tyrell...she's fine.
The mountain would invoke prima nocta
Tyrion
Peter dinklage
Probably me tbh.
gilly
idk i think it would be really funny if khal drogo was king
Hodor, because then no door in the 7 Kingdoms would ever close again.  Oh, seriously though, Dany.
Hodor....it is.  #change_my_mind
Jon. 100%.
Lord Peter Baelish so that he doesn’t try to kill anyone else to get the throne, if he’s dead and the rest are safe then the high sparrow as I think he’ll maintain order indiscriminately and will serve the poor as best as he could but I don’t think he could hold the throne for long either. But I’m truth none of them can actually hold the throne for long
Hodor.   Hodor hodor hodor hodor. Hodor hodor.
Robb Stark. Even if he is not on the list.
Tied between Olenna Tyrell and Ned Stark
Hodor bc Hodor
Robb Stark and Jon Snow are the best choices if you want good people who can also make hard choices and are not gullible like Ned.
Ned Stark was my immediate thought.  He was a warrior, but he also had honor and integrity and was very fair minded about most things. All the qualities a king should have.    With the right advisers and generals (Stannis) Ned would’ve ruled well.
I mean, Ned is a good man but probably not the best political player. Also House of Dragons have shown us a good man doesn't necessarily make a good king
I second.
This is the answer
Yeah, she's manipulative to get what she want, but it seems to only be for the best anyway.  My answers Bran though
ned stark is too naive, he will be murdered or have the throne taken from him in no time. You need somebody who's willing to play the game of thrones to sit the thrones, or dragons
My answer exactly. Both were born rulers
She seems clever and not propense to start unnecessary feud, but would rock if she has to.   I agree about Ned. I can't see any of the Starks in the beginning of the show being a ruler. Rob got close but we know what went down.
Hard yes, Queen Olenna was the first one that comes to my mind. Twin is another, but technically being hand to Joffrey is in a way of him being kinda a King???
Olenna, with Tyrion as the Crown Princess.
Very true. Most logical and healthy choice for westeros would be Olenna and  Margeary. They will rule through diplomacy mostly and make it float without much hassle and challenging the status quo.  But If I was given the choice I would have  picked Danerys. It will be interesting to see what happens. She is the only one who has the power and the willingness to revolutionize westeros. Its given that blood will spill somewhere.
Yeah - I was looking for Varys - he’s the only one who is wise enough, has proven values, and is willing to make difficult decisions for the good of the realm.
Your reasoning is sound.
Ned would have been better as the court Justiciar and Master of Laws.  The fact that Robert gave it to Renly reeked of nepotism.  Stannis as Master of Ships made a sort of sense, since he held Dragonstone and the Velaryons and Crabb were his bannermen.
he would probably hate it more then Bobbie B himself
Yeah I’d do her too
It would’ve been amazing to see her in the full reign of Queen
Good point! I’m down for this
She’s also like 14
Stamina Baratheon is the only legit answer here. Because the Iron Throne is his… by right!
Doran Martell would be the better option. He’s the only one who showed sense and patience. He’s Bran without warg hacks.  Oberyn would make a fantastic Kingsguard commander for the reasons you mentioned.
Oberyn says it himself, he wasn’t born to rule. He enjoyed the money, power and privilege being a prince afforded him, but he never wanted to be king. He’s kind hearted and played the game well, and maybe he could have stepped up in he needed to… but that wasn’t him.
I'm in agreement there! I still think he would have been crazy opposed to the way his lover and daughters 'took revenge' for him. He is very fair and intelligent enough to see through the BS. Also, he doesn't seem the least bit gullible or easily swayed.
Oberyn would probably fuck up The Westerlands on purpose and maybe The Reach too just cause Martell's gotta Martell but I get the sense he doesn't want to be king and is pretty content in his position as younger prince of Dorne with only a desire for vengeance.
This is the way
I think Oberyn was a bit too hedonistic though.
“He’s not serious enough”
One of my favorite characters, but would not be a good king-nor would he want that much responsibility and political agendas
He has a weak head though 😂 🤣 
With Brienne as his queen?
I blame the format of the image more than the OP.  That said, Varys still feels too much like a wild card in the books to be trusted.  He's creating chaos in the realm for something other than a populist agenda like in the show.
not that bad, At that the top there no other power to grasp. It probably bad to be an underage girl in red keep but that about it, but going with history it probably bad either way in significant point of time.
even though he's a mermaid?
He isn't of noble blood
He didn't want to be king then, why would he want at 102 years of age?
I mean he’s too old to be king and I doubt he want the burden.
I'm sad that I had to scroll so far down for this!  Sansa was given some occasional tutoring by Cersei, who is a player par excellente and actively groomed by Littlefinger.  Up to the point where the books end, she shows every sign of wanting to get in the game and of being a canny and effective player.  D and D didn't show it, since they combined her with another book character, but if we ever get the books, we'll see Sansa grown into a true Queen of the North.
100000000% would be absolute perfection
Season 7 should have revealed Hodor stomped the Night's King and was marching them on the Wall to save Westeros from the Lannisters.
Stannis follows the lord of light and that’s the only god shown to actually grant some magical powers to his followers so far.
correct
Stannis with Davos as hand and shireen as heir
Ser Pounce is the lord commander of the kitten's guard.
Balerion the tomcat as his Lord Commander of the Kingsguard and he would be untouchable.
Agree
This is Jon Snow.... .... He's king of the North
Yeah, this post doesn't really belong here.
“The dead are already here” moment then including her taking to the sky and napalm torching them with Drogon
Thats enough small talk for now!
These ladies would kill it
he was Neds brother, captain and King
Daeron would have wanted it if Aegon and Aemond were dead. Some Greens considered to crown him at one point but Daeron would have none of it as long as Aegon wasn't confirmed to be dead.
Finally an answer that brings things back on-topic.
He was the true ruler of the Seven Kingdoms when Aerys was decaying on the Iron Throne.
giant’s milk, duh.
I know what would happen. Westeros would be like Afghanistan is right now.
Nah, not at all.
> born amidst salt and smoke  Is he a ham?
why is Jojen paste in the list and not Stannis lol?
Try to make the sarcasm a bit more obvious.
Jon is the most honorable, most obvious answer, but the fact that he repeatedly said he "doesn't want it" whether it is because he doesn't think he's worth it (due to years internalized bullying for being a bastard) or he truly doesn't want it, but whichever the reason, it makes me feel he wouldn't actually be a good King. I think I'd go with Ned, just as honorable but a little more ambitious.
Can't root for him anymore,  he let himself be manipulated by everyone the last 2 seasons ,  It was not his fault really blame Dan and David but he turned into a real disappointment.
Glad someone said this because she has by far the best legal claim out of everyone in that picture. If you believe in monarchy as a principle then she's the only answer that makes sense
The toilet paper Tywin Lannister didn't get to use has a better story than ~~ BrAn ThE bRoKeN ~~
Yes the same person who burned everything that she came across
He doesn’t know how to be a lord much less a king.
He has a pretty poor track record on the show
NotGuiltyESQ made a good case.
Little finger would let the whole country burn if he could be king of ashes.
Wouldn't you say Daenerys was successful in her reclaiming of the Iron Throne? If so, wouldn't ~~the guy she was fucking~~ her nephew be the rightful heir?
That's the least compatible duo in the whole show 😅
Ned was suited to ruling in the North where the honour system worked but he was not suited to ruling over all the Kindgoms. He wasn't able to play the game and Cersei was right - when you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. Court is full of plotting and planning and Ned could not keep up with it. I agree about Margery. She is smart enough to play the game but she's not cruel or sadistic. If her and Tommen had lived, and there were no White Walkers, the realm would have prospered.
The correct answer here is obviously Hodor
Ned (and Stannis) would be hobbled by their inability to “play the game”.  They’d rule truly, honorably, and well. Out of a deep sense of duty, they would consider the well-being of the whole realm and make the best decisions they could for the people. And they’d one day get stabbed right in the back by schemers like Littlefinger, the Tyrells, and the Lannisters.
Ned did not succeed in Kings Landing because of the corruption and treachery that Robert enabled by ruling badly for years. Ned was well liked or at least respected by all his vassals in the North (even the Boltons, probably out of fear). I really think that if he had been dealt the same hand that Robert held after his rebellion, that Ned would have been an awesome and beloved, although reluctant King, who would not have allowed the Lannisters or Littlefinger to get so much power in the first place
Wait who is the good man there?
Honestly, I think that’s selling him way short.  Something that people don’t remember enough is how INSANELY lucky Cersei and the rest of them were that Robert got gored when he did.  If not for that, it all would have worked out for him
I third
I literally said that Ned would be great *in a perfect world.*
Even under Aerys, it was pretty much Tywin. One could say he ruled the kingdom under two different kings, and that much of the pre-rebellion prosperity in the kingdom was due to him. Pycelle absolutely fanboys about him to Oldtown, and this is a political schemer who is literally documenting the fact that he thinks Tywin was the real ruler of the kingdom. That means a lot.
That's my pick too!
Ned didn't want a place at court. He wanted a quiet life in  the North
Also he defeated krakens on the sea
In a way it was nepotism but Renly was also sixth (and second household) in-line to the throne so it could be argued as prudent to have him familiar with politics in the capital.
We all would but that’s not the post
That why Davos is her hand. He can give her honest advice
Them 2 in those positions reminds me of Viserys ans Daemon with somewhat similar personalities
I disagree, Doran Martell is that smart since he got killed
He would probably rule the same way as Robert did. Both have no interest in ruling, and much prefer fucking and fighting
And more Pedro Pascal is never a bad thing.
>I still think he would have been crazy opposed to the way his lover and daughters 'took revenge' for him.  They paid a huge price for that. Cersei's revenge was one of the best scenes. They completely deserved it but I still felt bad for them. They truly were gruesome times to live in.
He's certainly not bitter about being the Spare lol.
With great big monster babies
OP snubbed Brienne too
Yeah book varys would be terrible for the realm, show Varys seems like one of the better choices though
Judging by the amount of people saying Margaery (who is pretty minor in the books and we know much less about) I'm guessing people are mostly basing it on the show.
Thought he’d qualify based on personally. Aren’t the best rulers those who don’t really want it?
The Old Gods too. Wargs, greenseers and skinchangers are amongst the people who are descendants of the First Men and honour the Old Gods, for example the Freefolk (Orell), Reeds (Jojen), Blackwoods (Bloodraven) and of course the Starks (in the show only Bran posses these powers).  The Many Faced God also grants face-swapping, mainly for to get the lives he was promised, but the Faceless Men aren't just a religious order, they are assassin's too.
Yeah that’s why I say he would have only taken it like, through inheritance. He’d have to basically be next in line (maybe excluding some of the kids). But still, his care for his family and what was honorable outweighed any ambition for the throne, which can’t be a bad thing.
Sounds like an improvement over how Westeros usually is then
What are you talking about? Cersei won the game of thrones until Daenerys came with the nuclear option that no one could win against.
Because neither of them want the power is why they be some of the better pics
I think Jon has the potential to be a decent king but needs a Hand that he can trust.  Tyrion might be good as advisor and has shown he can play the game very well but has made tactical errors that were very problematic.  Interesting that Rob isn’t listed as I think he has the mentality but doesn’t know how to play the politics.   I would agree that Margery is probably the best choice.
Jon doesn’t have to want it to be king. It’s true he never said he wanted kingship, but he got it nonetheless. The north picked him to be king in the north. But then again, some of the best rulers were people who never sought it out in the first place.
That’s exactly why I’d pick him. He would fucking hate it but, at the end of the day, when he realizes there’s no shirking the mantle, he’d buckle in and do his absolute best.
I actually disagree.  Jon Snow is a liar. In S8 he lies, multiple times, that he was given an ultimatum by Daenerys - either he bends the knee, or the North faces the Others alone... which effectively dooms the entire continent since the army of the dead would snowball after genociding the entire North, war-torn Riverlands that couldn't mount a proper defense as well, and likely the Vale since their army would perish North.  Dude outright doesn't admit he knelt of his own free will and for virtually no political gain, letting Dany take the North's anger and resentment since they reasonably view the matter as her blackmailing them and holding the fate of entire continent hostage instead of him being a dumb cunt.  He's such a lying craven asshole, it's absurd. A hypocrite as well, after refusing to lie to *Cersei Lannister* a season before.
I just blame the writers for really missing a great idea for a story.  A boy born practically without anything. He barely had a name since he was considered bastard born. Is unknowingly a vessel for a prophecy, and later becomes king.  Its like the most medieval form of, “Started from the bottom now we here” lmao.
He literally lied to the entire North that Daenerys blackmailed him into bending the knee.  If anyone's manipulated, it's the North - it's a mark of weak writing in S8 that **nobody** not even Daenerys in private, points out how much he passed her a hot potato with that little trick.  And how much of a hypocrite it makes him for his *b-but  how could I possibly lie?!* shitstick in Dragonpit.
ThE bOy WiTh ThE sToRy.
People cycle between ignoring s8 and then using it to judge characters. I personally ignore it and I assume most other people are as well, and if you judge her in other seasons she’s a better person.
Yes, the queen of Westeros. Long live
Ooh. Another check in the plus column!
I'd like to see that
Idk, I guess that's complicated. I wouldn't really say she was successful. Like, she deposed the previous ruler, but she never really held the throne.
I think because of the circumstances that is the case but I don’t think they would be that incompatible if things lived up better
Hodor - Hodor
Stannis wouldn’t keep Littlefinger or the Lannisters around, he hated most of the small council and wanted to do away with all the sleazy, scheming sycophants. It would be very hard for Baelish to round up enough people to challenge Stannis, nobody respects him but the realm would definitely respect Stannis and be afraid to rebel against him. Tywin could just go back to focusing on Casterly Rock. Ned would be easily manipulated but Stannis wouldn’t
Viserys
Tywin did strip away a lot of pro-peasant reforms Aegon V had put in place though
Then just say Davos should be king lol
I doubt it, he was much smarter than Robert. He would rule the way Jaehearys did
The real answer.
I dond whahnt iht. - John Snow (Phonetic)
I was gonna say like wait…it kind’ve seems like the only ones who DONT outwardly do something are the new gods. The seven.
I mean, she only won because of the ridiculous plot armor D&D gave her.
You mean, she won by… using the nuclear option… until someone else came along with a bigger nuclear option?
Oh u serious?
The writing is on the wall from the beginning, she’ll always succumb to her worst impulses.   You can ignore the way Season 8 was told, but the character’s fate stays the same
She held🤏 the throne, she just didn't sit in it 😅
Hooddddoooorrrr!
Lol, in what way was he a good man?  He used his first wife as a breeding horse until it killed her by him cutting him open, then he married a 15 year old that he pays no attention to unless it is to fuck her, he then ignores his kids he has with her in favor of his only child with his first wife that he manage to both neglect and overly indulge
Davos wouldn’t aspire to rule, but be willing to be hand
Also, blood magic, and whatever lost religion of Valarya allows Dany to resurrect an extinct species.
Daenerys and Jon also had ridiculous plot armor as well, in fact most if not all the main characters did.
Right place, right time and a well placed fire is one of the oldest tactics in the book. Hell, even Larys Strong used it back in the day. Doesn’t matter if it was wildfire, it was man made and not flying magic fire spitting beasts.
I am talking about the sack of astapor and all the other towns she tried and something killed thousands without reason.
You literally described every King/man in Westeros. Stop judging medieval men by modern standards
But here its more magic than religion
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ormund Hightower is my guess.
Roderick Dustin is the most badass character from the blacks and for me had a bigger impact than Cregan Stark.
Interesting, though I'm a bit sad I'm not seeing much more casting rumors floating about.
I doubt it's Roddy the Ruin, wasn't he supposed to be grizzled old man at the time of the Dance?
Nettles or Alys.
Thanks for using this tag!!
Nice
I agree, when people talk about hardened Northern warriors that's who I imagine. Personally while I think this guy pulls off grizzled Northman, I would have wanted someone even older just to stress the whole Winter Wolves thing but I'm not mad at it.
fck i remember him. Hes so badass. hope he got more screentime tho
Well we've already got two leaked auditions and I imagine most people are warned off the Instagram following method nowadays. There's only so much that can leak before filming starts (which is in less than a week now) and then we'll hopefully get all sorts of good shit to keep us fed for the months to come.
ya but you never know if they find a great actor that they think fits perfect for him they could tweak age a little bit i guess
It'll probably be announced when filming starts that's how they did it in season 1 the strongs kingsguard members and small council were announced like that
What auditions?
Did you not hear, about a month or so ago someone leaked an audition tape for what was probably >!Cheese!< and another for 'AR' who is pretty much definitely >!Alys Rivers!<. They're deleted from the sub and most places now but if you really want to see them they shouldn't be too difficult to find and the transcripts are everywhere. Even if its not the finished script it gives off a pretty clear idea of how these scenes and characters are going to go if you're curious which even the eventual trailers probably won't deliver to the same degree until the actual show airs.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She was only in one episode but that birthing scene was so well acted and haunting on her part. Genuine chills from that scene alone
She was phenomenal. I wish she had more screen time and been fleshed out more. Aemma came across as a level headed Targaryen/Arryn. I'd enjoy exploring what she was like as Queen, and a deeper look at the relationships with her husband and daughter. Rhaenyra seemed to emulate her mothering from Aemmas. I'd also be curious about what makes her angry or have an extreme reaction in everyday circumstances.  Other random things: did she get along with Daemon? What were her plans for Rhaenyra's future betrothal? Would she approve of Daemon? Were she and Princess Rhaenys close at all, what was their relationship like? Did she want a dragon? Did she ever fly?  Question for dedicated fans: should she have been given an dragon egg? Or was given an egg?  As her father was an Arryn and I know Daella was a bit too delicate of personality to be around dragons but surely she still had a right to a dragon egg?
She resembles Emma so much! Great casting
I remember reading the story of Aemma’s mother (Daella Targaryen) which nearly made me cry when I read it
She is probably one of the most tragic characters in the show.  Her mother died as a result of childbirth brining her into the world. Aemma herself married very young and had several miscarriages after Rhaenyra. She was pushed to keep having children even though it was causing her great pain. And she ended up dying as a result of Viserys' desire for a son, in a very similar manner to her mother only much more violently. And she kept doing that because she loved Viserys and wanted to give him what he wanted. I wonder if Aemma knew this was going to happen to her but let it happen anyway because that was "her role". Aemma is one of the characters I wish we saw more of. The time she was with us was powerful but I wonder what more she could have added to the story if we knew her for a little while longer.
Most beautiful woman in the entire cast IMO
She’s a credit to the writers for S1.   Her role was ephemeral and yet you could feel her influence throughout the whole season. King Vizzy was eternally tormented after her death. Rhaenyra lost her biggest ally.   *Come, Aemma. Time for bed.*
Wish we had gotten more of her
Correction in the books she was 11 when she married viserys which is even worse and k think they consummated the marriage when she was 13, call daemon a pedophile all you want, but at least all the women he was with were actually adults in their society, not like his older brother 👀👀👀
[this is LITERALLY her song](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMYgW6144/)
Muh queen!
dudeee her death scene traumatized mee
Viserys is in big trouble when he gets to the Seven Heavens.  There's an East Wind coming.
She made a big impact considering how little she was on screen and her shadow looms over the rest of the show.   Also, did anyone else think it was funny when Viserys refered to Rhaenys as his "favorite cousin"? Like, lol Viserys, what about your wife?
This, so freaking true
All thes a really good questions, i want to know if she has any resentment towards viserys for making her go through all those pregnancies even tho she says it's her duty, still there must be something, she's the same age as daemon and i'd love if they got along, i'm pretty sure she was close to Rhaenys, just makes sence, i think the reason she didn't have a dragon is because she spent her life in the vale until she marries viserys, then idk, but i think she should've claimed a dragon, because we know that dragons make their rider stronger, and maybe with that strength she would've been able to give birth to a healthy baby or at least survive
Yesss !!! She was so good and ber acting was legendary for a one episode character, she really stuck with me
Me tooooo, i that's what made me hate Jaehaerys the most
Riiiight she was such a sunshine
Me toooo she was the sweetest
but at least all the women he was with were actually adults in their society,   No lol he started grooming rhaenyra when she like 10.
In the books Daemon loved the deflower girls between the ages of 10 and 13...
Bold of you to assume he's going there, he's headed down the seven hells, and if he does, he'll be recieving two slaps from Aemma and Alyssa ( there's too many people who's gonna slap him to write them all)
Yay! Fellow Jaehaerys haters! 🫂 I've found my tribe.  Srsly, how can anyone still champion him as a great person when he was so terrible to his wife and every  child not named Aemon, Baelon or Alyssa?
But he never touched her until she was an adult, not saying grooming is okay, daemon's bad too, but in westerosi ways it's okay compared to Viserys consuming the marriage with a 13 yo when he's probably 18 is bad even in westeros
He wasn't horrible to his wife, they fell out a couple times, but in most cases, he followed her advice.  Yeah he should've listened when Alysanne asked to defer Daella's marriage but in all the other cases, she was the one who sorted her kids marriages. She arranged for Viserra to marry Theomore Manderly who was at least like 60 years old and she thought that was a great idea.
This is how  the rogue pedophile  behaves in brothels of kings landing   https://youtu.be/Y_QOoJRQUXY
She didn't want any more children after a certain point. Jaehaerys blew her off and "somehow" she ended up having 2 more.   And yeah, Alysanne did screw over Viserra big time. The abused becomes the abuser, etc. Frankly, I hold both Jaehaerys and Alysanne in fairly low esteem, but Alysanne somehow higher because she actually campaigned *against* legal rape while Jaehaerys... committed it.
And from which source do you have that information? Is there an exact scene where he acts like that? Plus this isn't even about daemon, this is a post about Aemma's horrible life, and was just making a comparison between daemon and Viserys to show how bad viserys was that's all
What? Are you seriously saying Jaehaerys raped Alysanne? They had 2 kids in a row die young and Alysanne made some comment about being content as a grandmother rather than a mother now because she didn't expect to have any more kids since she was 40 and didn't expect to get pregnant again, not because she refused to have sex with her husband or that she didn't want any more kids.  Don't get me wrong, Jaehaerys isn't as great as people think, a lot of his best ideas were actually Alysanne's and they had massive disagreements but come on, you're portraying him as evil and he isn't that.
"And from which source do you have that information" The same source which u used above to say aemma was 11 when she married.   --  My point is not to defend viserys but not to absolve daemon either because they both suck.
>Bearing a delivering a child mau be a joy for a young woman of ten-and-seven, but it is quite another matter for one of forty, like her mother Queen Alyssanne. The joy was therefore not entirely unalloyed when Her Grace found herself to be pregnant once more. Prince Valerion was born in 77 AC after another troubled labor that saw Alysanne confined to bed for half a year.  They had two kids die young in a row *and* Alysanne's health was severely compromised.  >In 78 AC, Valerion died, a fortnight short of his first nameday. The queen took his passing with resignation. "I am forty-two years old," she told the king. "You must be content with the children I have given you."  The fact that this line makes it into historical text written 200 years later means it was considered significant enough for someone, likely Barth or Elysar, to write it down. Alysanne is explicitly stating that she is too old to have more children. The implicit statement is that more pregnancies will endanger her life and likely result in the death of another child.  >King Jaehaerys did not share her certainty. "Our mother, Queen Alyssa, was forty-six when she gave birth to Jocelyn," he pointed out to Grand Maester Elysar.  **record scratch** Your mother that you both watched die in agony because she was too old to safely deliver a child. That mother?!  >"The gods may not be done with us."  Gods or not, Jaehaerys's dick wasn't done with him.  >The very next year, the Grand Maester informed Queen Alysanne that she was once more with child, to her surprise and dismay.  Alysanne was clearly not trying to become pregnant again. Alysanne clearly did not want to risk her health again. Are we meant to believe she simply refused to consider any kind of orgasms that didn't involved PIV? Or are we meant to believe that the guy who didn't want to abolish First Night because it would piss some influential rapists had no issue insisting on his own marital rights?  Rhaegar, a selfish, entitled dick in the proud Targaryen tradition, was at least considerate enough not to risk Elia's health a third time after she nearly died delivering Aegon! Jaehaerys had no business impregnating Alysanne after what she'd already been through.
So google is saying that??? They say aemma was born in 82AC and was married to Viserys in 93AC simple math 💁  I'm not saying daemon is a good perfect gentleman, he's the farthest from that, i was just talking about viserys, even the old king didn't consummate his marriage to Alyssane until she was of age, and they were married way before, that's how bad that was
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Does a lack of color coding indicate *unremarkable*?
Rheagar targaryan marker as a Chad? Seven hells, what is this loyalist propaganda
Gotta disagree with your assessment of Visenya; she was cool as hell.
Artist: Marion Bricaud   Neurotic color coding: me
You take that back about mommy Visenya
I think Jace is Daeron’s counterpoint in the dance. Both had very similar characteristics and you shouldn’t really count one as blue and the other as purple. In my opinion, both are pretty Chad. Don’t forget Jace’s diplomacy is what eventually won the war. I would say he also helped, in a roundabout way, to keep alive the greatest Targaryen king of all, Viserys II. Also, smart move not colouring Daemon Blackfyre.
Regarding Maegor, I never thought of him as crazy. Depending your stance on him, either "asshole" or "chad". Either way, in my opinion he always knew what he was doing.  Jaehaerys was a great king and therefore I agree with putting him as chad, but he could be quite the asshole privately.  Queen Visenya is the best. Aenys should have listened to her more frequently (or just let her do her thing). She's a true dragon, but less evil than Maegor. Only thing that puts her down a little is her support of Maegor, but... he's her son after all.  I like how Alicent's children are all of a different category.  You could argue about putting Viserys (Dany's brother) in crazypants.
Laena velaryon is a Chad. She claimed Vhagar
Fans of Visera and Saera would object to your classification of them as Grade-A Assholes.  I agree they were spoiled rotten as princesses.
I would say rhaegel is a sweet summer child as well as a crazypants  Maegor an arsehole as well as aemond
Elaena Targaryen (sister of Baelor the Blessed and Daeron the Young Dragon) was absolutely a chad.
I feel like crazy and asshole can have some overlap, especially as some of the Targaryens get older. A lot of them start out as assholes but completely lose their shit later.
Aegon III is a fifth category: Sadpants
I read though Fire and Blood, and oh boy, Jaehaerys is much more of a “Grade A Asshole” than “Chad”
What did Saera do ?!?
DAEMON SHOULD BE A MIX OF GREEN AND RED.
Jacaerys Velaryon should be a chad
Naw, you gotta swap Jaehaerys I and Vaegon.   Vaegon was a total asexual Chad who got to live out his dream life at the Citadel being his best nerdy self. Jaehaerys I was the abusive dad who had Vaegon's siblings beat him up in the training yard because he wasn't "martial" enough for his tastes. Shades of Randyll Tarly!  J-Dawg also traumatized two of his daughters, neglected two others, quite likely maritally raped Alysanne, and showed a remarkably blasé reaction to her sufferings as a perimenopausal mother despite, you know, their own mother dying horrifically in front of them as a result of being too old to safely deliver!
Daemon chad
Daeron I is not a chad he‘s a grade A Asshole. He attacked Dorne unprovoked, saw himself as Aegon the conquerer born again, got his ass murderer in a peace conference (deserved) and killed 60.000 of his men. And to top is it all off he couldn‘t even hold Dorne!
Aegon the unworthy and dannys brother should both be crazypants i think
I’m curious as to why Rhaena is a Grade- A asshole? As a black bride, she’s had an incredibly tragic life.   - Her husband/brother is slaughtered and usurped by Maegor’s thugs - fearing for her daughter’s lives, she sends them into hiding but they end up being found -She’s then forced to marry Maegor, who (let’s be honest) likely raped her mercilessly  - she’s passed over for inheritance even though she’s Aeny’s eldest child and twice a queen - She has to watch her younger brother have a successful marriage to Alysanne even though the same people who supported their marriage had risen up against her marriage for the same reasons - She tries to find happiness in her paramour, who then stabs her in the back by stealing her dragon eggs -her third husband literally kills all of her friends  Like, I get she wasn’t a good mother and her third marriage was a sham, but she’s clearly just trying to make the best of the terrible life she’s been dealt.
the rhaena (the black bride) disrespect. a chad if there ever was one.
I think Daenerys should be marked with red.
I dont think all the people murdered when dareon decided to have a dany season 8 moment at bitterbridge would agree that he was a chad tho.
What did Maekar, Egg's father, do?
After what Daenerys did in season 8, I would put her in Red.
Where John Snow
Huhh, How is Visenya not marked as crazy?? >!She was litterally dabbling with potions and blood magic!< xdd
Rhaegar should be green, Jace blue, Jaehaerys I a mix of green and blue, and Baelor Breakspear everything about him highlighted blue
Baelor slander AND Daeron II wank makes no sense to me when the foundation for Daeron's reign was built upon Baelor's and Daeron II himself saw it like that.  Daemon Blackfyre is also undoubtedly a Chad no matter what, so it's weird that he's not marked as such. And Bloodraven is a 100% Grade A asshole.
1. Finally someone agrees with me on Visenya lol  2. Jaehaerys 2. Should be chad. As should the black dragon, Westeros’s one true king  3. Rhaegar should be red, Dany should be either red or green
Maegor is a chad
W for labeling Rhaegar Chad. L for for labeling Daemon Chad
If anyone from the 3 conquers isn't a chad, it's Rhaenys
Dude went Maegor ....then Aemond. You must have read some b-tec lore to come to that conclusion
Baelor The Blesséd was Crazypants? Or just super-religious? Considering he made peace with Dorne, I'd say he was pretty craft in his diplomacy.
Rhaegar and Daeron I were absolutely not chads. One was a grooming pedophile and one was a warmongering idiot who got thousands killed for his own vanity.
We don’t know if Rhaegal was truly crazy or not. Sometimes u just wanna run through the halls of the red keep butt Nekkid. Doesn’t make u insane.
Daeron the Drunk is a sweet summer child
RHAEGEL WAS JUST A SWEET SUMMER CHILD YOU MONSTER
How is BR a chad but Bittersteel a Grade-A asshole?
Viserys and Rhaegar should both be grade A assholes
•Rhaegar should be a Crazypants  •Jacaerys Velaryon should be a Chad  •Brynden Rivers/Bloodraven should be a Grade A Asshole
Those are individuals I personally don’t know enough about to make a judgement
A chad does what he wants without caring about the consequences he sounds like one. also, everyone in the books keeps on praising him and won't say a bad word about him besides Robert.  Maegor should also be a chad.
What would you mark him as?
She actively conspired against her nephew tho
Both of them would have made better Kings than Rhaenyra and Aegon tbh. Jacaerys was a pretty skilled diplomat and Daeron was considered the biggest threat to Rhaenyra's reign over King's Landing.   Also a shame Viserys II didn't live longer. Dude had the potential to be a greater Jaehaerys
I went back and forth on Maegor but settled on crazy since he was notably cruel, plus building a giant castle and killing all the builders out of paranoia is definitely some crazy shit.
I think it’s a “How dare women be free and have sex” kind of thing.
Blackfyre for sure
I don’t think Rhaena is evil, and she undoubtedly had a hard life. There are things I’m sure that traumatized her and influenced her decision making.   But also   By her third marriage she was cruel. Even though her “husband” was a little turd, *she* didn’t have to be so vicious to him.   She also refused to acknowledge the wants/needs if those closest to her if it meant they weren’t physically with her. She takes her daughter to Dragonstone despite plentiful evidence Aerea would be miserable there. She resents and even straight up bans her lover from pursuing her dreams and resents her adventurous nature.
Based on the show ending, maybe. But we don’t know her actual fate in the books.
Fair point, he did commit some atrocities. He should probably be green…lol fitting
 I would put her in all three tbh
They hated Burgudian_PoWer because she spoke the truth
But undeniably mentally ill
That is a fair strategy to follow.
A grooming nonce, same as daemon
Grade A asshole.
Grade A Asshole of course? Why’s this debateable lol
Crazypants
Was she a good person? No. Almost none of these people were, by most standards. But Visenya was a badass warrior with one of the biggest dragons in the world who also probably used dark magic just a little bit.
Best case scenario, everyone else gets superseded. Aegon III becomes king, Viserys II is his hand, Jacaerys is master of laws and Daeron is master of War. Together they could easily take over Dorne and start a golden age of Targaryen superiority.
Jace is an OK diplomat. Getting your mother's relatives to support their cause and proposing marriage pacts for an alliance is pretty basic diplomacy. I don't think that anyone praises Daeron for getting the Hightowers or Aemond the Baratheons on-board for the greens. Though I suppose it is impressive that he was apparently handling the negotiations himself at that age and doing so when things were still pretty shaky.  Viserys turned out to be a good Hand, but is seriously overrated as hell. People act as though he was the only thing keeping the kingdoms going during his brother and nephews' reigns because of one biased Tyrion quote (who honestly is a pretty overrated character himself).
I mean Daeron was considered the biggest threat to Rhaenyra's reign over King's Landing by default since aemond was dead and aegon was presumed dead. And he's described as being a follower not a leader. and I think It's a pretty bad sign to burn down a whole village and murder its people as revenge when the ones responsible where already hanged.
You’re not paranoid if everyone really is out to get you - which every westerosi was lol
I think it's more along the lines of acting like a spoiled brat and expecting to get away with it
*both*
That’s fair. I think I just have so much empathy for her because her life sucks like every step of the way, after like the very beginning. I can easily see how that kind of trauma could drive some of those bad behaviors. She’s still my favorite Targaryen queen so far, I haven’t yet finished the book.   I also just realized your display name LOL.
Her fate may not be identical but it might be similar. There are hints in the books that point at that.
I also wouldn't put viserys as Pink, he *did* pull out some tounges.. and alicent should 100% be green.
For real
He’s not a grade a asshole??!!   He’s a crazypants
>Was she a good person? No   Green is “Asshole”. I’d say not being a good person often means one is indeed an asshole
Very true, though often those kinds of people who don’t want that kind of power tend to use it best. I meant it more in the sense that it’s an impressive feat for his age, even if his authority was often undermined.   I do agree about his actions at Tumbleton though. Not trying to say he’s a great hero or perfect (he isn’t), just that I think in comparison to other players during the Dance, he’d make for a better ruler.
There's also the loyalty aspect that needs to be considered. The Caltrops wouldn't move a muscle without getting Daeron's permission which shows how much they value his authority. He had enough respect to hold the Hightower army together for a long time. It was becoming a mess, sure, but no Great Lords tried to take the position from Daeron after Ormund and Hobert's death.
Ah, well in the real world, royalty typically do get away with it.
I don’t disagree, she’s pretty badass. But the ratio of badass to asshole is like 30/70
Careful with that. I got blasted for suggesting book Daenerys was losing the plot.
I was only classifying the Targs, no spouses.   Eh Viserys was a people pleaser and in denial.
True. But Aegon I conquered most of a continent and spent years trying to burn Dorne to the ground, which I'd say counts as asshole behavior, but he's listed as a chad. The two are not mutually exclusive, and lots of people listed as chads I would argue are also assholes.
I compared Daeron and Jacaerys in terms of what they did actually bearing some fruit. Compared to Aemond, who spent most of the war burning the riverlands, and ensuring that they absolutely hated the greens, or Aegon who was at one battle and basically disappeared from his own war. Rhaenyra similarly helped with one thing, taking King’s Landing and then does basically nothing.
unfortunately the truth
I'm not wrong, though! In her last chapters of ADwD she's slowly beginning to be cruel. Or at least ruthless. >!She forgot the name of the girl Drogon killed and a hallucination of Jorah says  You are the blood of the dragon. Dragons plant no trees. Remember that. Remember who you are, what you were made to be. Remember your words!<  There are also hints in earlier books that she is the Stallion that Mounts the World, not her son. In AGoT, we have the following line in the chapter with the stallion prophecy: >!The old woman trembled and looked at Dany almost as if she were afraid!<. Also, when she's in the House of the Undying, the following prophecy comes to her: >!Beneath the Mother of Mountains, a line of naked crones crept from a great lake and knelt shivering before her, their grey heads bowed!<  At least this is how I interpret those scenes.
Mate I fully agree with you. It’s clear as day. Some just choose to ignore it for some reason.
>Some just choose to ignore it   This is the part that surprises me the most. In the books as well as the shows, the punishments she inflicts on her enemies are extremely violent and cruel.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Happy birthday Fabien!  Also, someone downvoted this post. Ya’ll Criston isn’t real okay? Give Fabien a break 🤧
Go Padres!
I bet that's from season 2.
Hope to see him in more stuff just so I can stare at him more
 his mom and dad did a good job
Sometimes he looks like a disney prince, other times like an Algerian Construction Worker
Happy birthday you Disney prince level of gorgeous man. Sigh.
Happy birthday Fabian
Happy Birthday, you insufferable cutie
Fantasy readers in the comments, how do you think our boy would do as Kaladin? He can certainly make a very convincing sadboi who's also good at violence.
Happy Birthday Fabien, you absolutely gorgeous, beautiful dork of a human person!
i just fell to my knees
That's a weird costume choice for Westeros
Happy birthday, dear Fabian. That being said, I can't wait for the Butcher's Ball.
Amazing actor! make me love and Hate Criston Cole and  I saw him in The Serpent and his acting was soo good! He really captured that FEAR the whole time!
Bitch ass!
He could pull off this hairstyle but I can't :(
I know it's ridiculous. I'm a Pro Black, but I would never hate on the actors.
Lol you were down voted? Only the blank fanbase would hate the actor in a fantasy series.
are you telling me that the dragons on the show were not real either?
probably a dodgers fan
probably because they think this is a karma farming post
wild how they changed to a later 1900s aesthetic for season 2 /j
if he s ready to start a family i m here btw
The duality of man
Seek Help 👍
? People are unhinged in nearly every tv show fan base and hate actors for the characters they play. It happened a lot with the cast of GOT too as well as countless other series. It’s not just team black
No
Was gonna say the same thing
my disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined...
Cheer up.
Caraxes still exists as a metaphor in the hearts of all weird men
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He's some head dragon keeper. You see them at Dragonstone and the dragon pit in Kings Landing. I've never seen a name, however.   I love how they all have some variation of burn scars.
Actor is Patrice Naiambana And Character is Dragon Keeper Elder 🙂
He seems to be the head of the Dragon Keepers, an Order trained to guard and watch over the dragons.
Thank you!
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's Wanda x The Doctor.
He looks very handsome from this angle. Just wish his hair was Targaryan blonde 😂
Daddy skinny legs
Cute pic!
He didn’t dress up! I was expecting him to be a lot taller tho!
Characters making imperfect decisions is what makes fiction interesting. That's what drama is. Nobody wants to see a story where everyone always makes the right choice and does the best thing possible.
>The whole war between targaryen is like the most stupidest war in like the whole fictive history. Its literaly 0 IQ  Well, an argument could be made that most wars are stupid, but I don't want to get into politics here.  >1. How the fuck alicent though that rhaenyra would be capable of murdering her whole family, brother, sister.  Probably more likely than you think.  I imagine it's on Daemon's mind at this point at least.  >2. How the fuck is it possible to make the dragon extinction ??? If i had a dragon i would do anything to never put him in danger or fight. Like this is some kind of magical precious being. Its like sending the pandas to war or the most critical species to war. So dumb... Having a bond with a dragon is worth anything.  Because they're not you. They live in a world where there are dragons, and many people in their family are dragon riders, and they've started taking them for granted.
“I don’t like this story”  Proceeds to go into detail and extreme depths to the lore of the dragons
1) Alicent thought that her children were in danger because Rhaenyra's claim was against every precedent and her boys would always have claims that would be called upon the moment she acted out even if she ascended. The fact that Rhaenyra never cared about her duty, was deceiptful etc. only furthered this.   The fact that since the very beginning Rhaenyra called her brothers 'half brothers' but called Helaena 'sister' might have raised a red flag, with the moment she asked for Aemond's torture over her lies being the cherry on top.  2) Well, it's not like Targaryens hadn't always been using the Dragons as weapons. The stupid part is that most of them were sitting ducks in the dragonpit during the storming with no one doing anything about it.  3) Morning had no one to breed with, and, even if this was not the case, Martin had already written the dragons to have been almost extinct, so of course he would not retcon it in F&B.
K.
Well the whole “alicent thinks rhae is going to kill her siblings” thing was actually minor/a bold lie that alicent told aegon to get him to go get crowned in the books idky they made it a whole point for alicent helping supplant rhae
Actually, i would. I guess im weird. I find more and more stories not credible because the drama are often very stupid
Your last point is a fair point
I dont like the war, the reasons of war and the fact that they sacrified all their dragons, so yes, i dont like this story, not the whole lore
For the 3rd point, i though dragons doesnt need a partner to reproduce
People are stupid. It's reality, not everyone is perfect
Real life history is full of people in power doing stupid shit because of pride and lust for power. Dragons are merely weapons of war in asoiaf universe. Asoiaf also aims to represent real history to some extent, you sound very innocent tbh.
You do have a valid point with the death of all dragons because George Martin never actually explains how Morning (Rhaena’s Dragon), Silverwing, Sheepstealer (Nettles Dragon), or the Cannibal die. There was no war until Daeron started the war with Dorne after Aegon died so yeah it doesn’t make sense that the first three dragons I listed somehow died without there being fighting and also being young
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That’s a tattoo option
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was wondering this as well, because it was stated that she couldn’t fit inside the dragon pit so where is he keeping her
Didn’t Ewan even say in an interview that she’s too big to even fit within the castle walls, so outside the castle surrounds somewhere.
Wasn’t she inside Storms End’s castle walls though?
I mean King’s Landing castle walls. I think she was outside the castle wall at Storms end no?
Luke was inside the courtyard when he saw Vhagar rise from behind the castle walls so it looked like Aemond parked her beyond the castle  walls
That’s what I thought.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
and Vhagar is my little pony
I love how in the posters after a lots of “it’s Ken”we have”Ken again”,here we could have a very long series of “Targaryen”pics and then “Targaryen again”
KENslayer
No, he's just a Ken.
Slaemond
Barbie's older brother who detests Ken.
I know, missed opportunity right!
Baemond
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I like the dragon egg pommel.
I hope one day we see the sword in the left in the hands of Daemon Blackfyre, and the sword next to it wielded by Bloodraven.
Same, i feel it would've been cool if one of the swords kept the dragon egg pommel while the other had the dragon wings like how it actually is
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'd try to be more open-minded regarding the show going forward. It is very likely a lot of things will be different than in the books. Just enjoy them both and try not to compare too much. Unless they change major plot points of course. Then I shall join you in your complaints.
My bet is that they just won't deal with it at all and pretend like it's not even an issue. In which case I will just assume Laenor died sometime during the 6 year time skip.  (Did their boat sink before he an Qarl ever made it to Essos? Did he slip on a banana peal and crack his head open? Eat something funny? Run afoul of any Targ cousins from Saera's line? The possibilities are endless.)
> the people who recognize him will know the truth and the knowledge will spread. The people will know Aegon and Viserys are bastards and they won’t accept them as kings.    You know none of these characters exist outside of what the writers write, correct? Why would they write that plot line?
It's simple enough if Addam isn't Laenor and Addam bonds with a different dragon.  Moreover, given that Rhaenyra and Daemon went through with a marriage ceremony, it's not clear that their sons Aegon and Viserys are bastards even if Laenor is alive.  As I recall, no one contended that Aegon the Conqueror's children are bastards (not literally anway), or at least they were not barred from the throne due to Aegon's polygamy.  Jaehaerys made a deal with the Faith of the Seven. The Faith would adopt the Doctrine of Exceptionalism, i.e, Targaryens can marry their siblings or siblings children. In exchange the Targaryens agreed to one living spouse at a time. But I don't know that if a Targaryen decided not to honor that , that Targaryen's children by the second spouse would be considered bastards.
>By keeping Laenor alive, the showrunners really shot themselves in the foot.   They obviously have a plan.  Mayhaps they thought of this before they wrote that Laenor survives?
While I am not a fan of Laenor surviving, I would like to play some devil's advocate:  A hill I will die on is that there is zero proof in the source material that a dragon bond cannot be broken. We see characters saying they bond for life, because those characters are not aware if a dragons bond has ever been broken, if the person who claimed them rejected the dragon and left. Because that's never happened in history, to their knowledge.  After all, why would someone give up a dragon? It's never happened in Targaryen history. But in the show, Laenor did. He essentially rejected Seasmoke by leaving. So this is essentially the first time in history that a rider has ever abandoned their dragon, and for all we know, this act is sufficient to break a dragon bond.  But who knows. None of this happened in the books, Laenor surviving was certainly not GRRM's intent or a hidden plot twist that he had intended, so the showrunners will use whatever justification they want when we get to that point.  The bigger concern for me is >!the fact that legally Aegon III and Viserys II are now bastards, since Rhaenyra and Daemon's marriage is void with Laenor's survival. It's kind of funny to think about. All future Targaryens, including the Mother of Dragons herself, are not legally 'true' Targaryens!<
Eh, I don't see him dying off screen as a "retcon" of his survival. He left the comforts of noble house to go live as a sellsword overseas. It's a dangerous life. Wouldn't be surprising if he died within 6 years. At least he got to make his own choices and was with his lover in the end.
Just have Addam claim Grey Ghost instead, switch the fight between Sunfyre and Grey Ghost to Sunfyre and Seasmoke. Maybe Leanor heard about the war and came back to Westeros to help (remember that travel would take months) and he and the injured Aegon II both show up on dragonstone and have a "spidermans pointing at each other" moment before fighting
I expect the dragon and rider being apart for so long will allow someone else to bond with the dragon. It’s a simple enough thing for the show runners to hint to at some point.
How do you know seasmoke won’t bond with someone else? Especially someone that’s half brothers with its previous rider?
I think in the scenario that Addam claims Seasmoke while Laenor is alive, it would make sense under the pretense that because Dragons are still creatures that they may not know certain things the way that other humans do. Laenor faked his death and if Seasmoke believed Laenor was dead then he would be open to claiming a new rider. We don’t know if dragons can mystically sense if their rider is somehow alive because the situation has never arisen. Laenor abandoned his dragon so theoretically after 6 years Seasmoke would move on (after killing a bunch of nobodies). Addam and Alyn have a huge role in the war and years afterwards with the battle of tumbleton and Alyn doing lots of things after the war is over so I’m sure they’ll be in the show. Also Laenor was pretty content to go fight off in the stepstones and leave Rhaenyra to deal with raising the kids and the rumors of bastardy on her own so I do think him to be slightly selfish although a good person overall. He abandoned his parents to live a life he couldn’t have in Westeros which is line with what he wanted to do in episode 6 so yeah I guess you can call him slightly shitty cause I doubt Laenor or Qarl needed convincing.
Chances are they won’t.   They’re not adhering strictly to the canon and the writing generally is poor and done for “badass moments” so if it’s convenient for them to ignore logic, they will
There’s show canon and then there’s book canon
Simple. Addam = Laenor + redemption arc. He wasn't forced, he did a shitty thing and he feels like his mother died because he wasn't there. Hence redemption.  All the bad things you said Rhaenyra did or is poised to do (to Rhaenys/Corlys f.i.) won't even happen on this show or they'll be heavily flipped.  If there's one thing you can count on it's the writers finding an out for their precious little hero. She has to be the poor victim no matter how it impoverishes the story.
Also Addam marries baella after the dance... I don't want to see him with baella !!
I imagine Laenor will return but pass himself off with a new name. What’ll be devastating is that Seasmoke is only claimed after Rhaenyra’s death so she’ll never know Laenor lived and that Rhaenyra ‘freed’ him from an unhappy life with her.
The simpliest and non plothole solution is to swap Grey Ghost and Seasmoke. Let the Hulls come in as their own characters. Leave Laenor's story concluded from season 1. His character and actor is far too old to pass off as a teenage boy (Addam is supposed to be the same age as Jacaerys and his younger brother is the same age as Lucerys).
Totally agree with you on the breaking of dragon bonds. It’s ridiculous that so many fans have decided to make up an unbreakable canon rule that has no evidence behind it. I’d even argue that the existence of dragonbinder horns is evidence that strongly suggests bonds can be replaced.  I wouldn’t worry too much about the >!Aegon III and Viserys II being bastards thing. A bastard is only a bastard if people agree they are, it’s not some sort of genetic code. If anything, I think it just adds a fun minor irony to the story.!<
>The bigger concern for me is the fact that legally Aegon III and Viserys II are now bastards, since Rhaenyra and Daemon's marriage is void with Laenor's survival. It's kind of funny to think about. All future Targaryens, including the Mother of Dragons herself, are not legally 'true' Targaryens  I found this so hilarious honestly. But I guess you could chalk it off to little practiced Targaryen polygamy *shrugs*
Almost no one thinks of this solution even though it is the simplest to implement
>Maybe Leanor heard about the war and came back to Westeros to help (remember that travel would take months) and he and the injured Aegon II both show up on dragonstone and have a "spidermans pointing at each other" moment before fighting  You know this would destroy any support for Rhaenyra right lol?   Hey wasn't your husband supposed to dead? Oh so you're youngest kids are bastards? Oh yeah, Viserys is dead so I can say this 'All your kids are bastards'. Fuck outta here I ain't supporting you anymore.
There is a hint that dragons can sense if their rider is alive and it’s in the Dance of the Dragons: Sunfyre.
Dreamfyre would disagree
Wrong brother. >!Baela's husband's name is Alyn.!<
Yeah, I think you're right on that second count. It's not a huge deal, just kind of a silly ironic fun fact
That's true, but long running dynasties have generally lasted much longer than House Targaryen. Aenys was generally only suggested to be a bastard because he was weak. That has more to do with Westerosi toxic masculinity than any legitimate claims that Aenys was a bastard, imo. Rhaenys and Aegon very credibly loved eachother, and Fire and Blood didn't necessarily "strongly hint" that Aenys was a bastard, but rather just said that some people thought he was.  I think it's more likely than Daeron II was a bastard and the son of Aemon the Dragonknight, tbh. But even then idk, part of me just thinks Aegon IV just spread those rumors because he hated Daeron. Daeron was always challenging Aegon IV, so Aegon was looking for an excuse to inherit him.
If the ont witness is Aegon II, who is obviously anti-Rhaenyra already, you'd have to consider the source of those rumors
I guess that’s true in a sense since Aegon and Sunfyre had a powerful bond but that’s also hella lazy writing. Kind of like with the secret Fall of Dragonstone as well. I guess we will have to wait and see
OoooOOoo thanks for correcting me, i was scared
What rumors?   Laenor is supposed to be dead. Him turning up alive wouldn't be a rumor, just fact that he faked his death so rhaenyras marriage to Daemon would immediately be illegitimate in everybody's eyes. And hence, her youngest two bastards.   As for her elder 3 kids. Everybody. Knows. They're. Bastards......   And with so much dishonor on her name, she would lose ALL support and nobody would be afraid of calling her out anymore.   So I dunno where Aegon comes into this. It's not Aegon's word against Rhaenyra's. It's just fact.
Aegon would be the only witness to Leanor being alive. If he's the only one making the claim, it's a little sus since he's already actively trying to undermine her claim and kill her family.
You're saying that nobody would witness, on Dragonstone, an island full of people, that two well known dragonriders, one a king and the other a once kings heirs consort would wage dragon war, with one being Seasmoke....   That's very optimistic  of you....
The only witnesses to the Sunfyre-Grey Ghost battle were a boat of fisherman from across the bay who weren't even sure which dragon they were seeing.   So, yes.
Wait so you're replacing Grey Ghost with Seasmoke and Laenor?
Did you not read the first sentence of my original comment?
All you said was Laenor shows up on Dragonstone. You didn't mention anything about a secret fight between him and Aegon.   In any case, it's a moot point. Laenor returning in any way would destroy the narrative. He should stay 'dead'.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Had my doubts too because I didn't know Emma. The opening of Episode 6 dispelled those doubts and never returned.
When I started watching it, I was kinda bummed when Milly was recast, as I liked her performance. But I was soon won over by Emma (and Olivia Cooke's ) wonderful portrayals.
I saw a post the other day saying Margot Robbie should be Rhaenyra. People have no imagination.
From the second Emma was on screen in episode 6, I knew the casting was magnificent. That first scene was something else, at least to me.
No offence to Milly but I personally felt more comfortable seeing Emma as Rhaenyra.  Milly did a really great job but Emma has that old school theatrical stage actor stance about them that puts them a notch above Milly.  As for looks, Emma just naturally has an air of royalty about them, just a targ wig is enough for them to immediately give me a Targaryen "muh kween" vibes.
I was 100% wrong about her. After 5 episodes I really felt attached to the younger version and was dreading the change - it was probably a mixture of how well the young actress did and the out-of-costume pictures I saw of D’arcy.   She nailed it though. Everyone talks about Viserys and how much of an improvement his character was over the source but Rhaenyra is much better in the show. I’m excited to see her as more wrathful in the coming seasons and I hope they don’t pull many punches.
I’ve never 180’d on someone like I did Emma, absolutely beautiful
She doesn’t necessarily present in a way that is classically attractive to your average dude who probably got hyped up for Danerys - but in costume and makeup she definitely pulls it off. I’m sure she could in real life too, I think people just have issues with people like her and it sadly is bleeding out into comments like the downvoted one above.  I think she’s super cool
Emma is very convincing in the role, glad the cast was casted as it is. I feel there is more room for more to be added, but that is how we should feel after season 1.
Her eyes are so expressive and beautiful
I wanna hear more of Emma speaking High Valyrian - it just sounds so perfect and extra lovely in their voice.
She pulled it off well!
It was the fear of having two people play the same character. And Milly killed it which made the fear worse.
I really liked her take on Rhaenyra! Something about her felt so royal and elegant
I kinda thought the younger Rhanerya actress was better. Though it might have been cause I was more hyped leading up to the show. I still think the other actress is good, I was just more hyped for new episodes for the first few weeks after not having any GoTs for multiple years. Both actresses are good, though I didn't think they looked that much alike, like the first scene post time skip I didn't immediately know it was Rhanerya. Though honestly it felt like none of the older and younger actors and actresses looked like the same people, especially Aegon the elder, it didn't even look like he aged much, just like swapped with a different actor of similar age. Though I guess given the time skips and number of cast changes it would be really hard to find exact lookalikes for all the parts.
With all the talks of Aegon’s conquest and all the other possible Targaryen prequels, I just wanna know when will we get an actor or actress to commit to wearing purple contacts. That’s going to be the most realistic targaryen actor/actress
Ahh, Valyrian platinum hair and pregnant with a relative’s baby, everything a Targaryen queen should be.
she honestly was perfectly cast, I can’t imagine a better person to play Rhaenyra
Agreed. She looked stunning
Meh, I liked Milly Alcock a lot more
Emma wasn’t the one we were concerned, it was the younger actress that played rhaenyra. Nevertheless both were amazing
Uh she's a great actress but she doesn't look like the pinnacle of regal grace lol
I love Emma. Love their look.   I also love my girl Dany and her blacked out death cult getup she wore when she torched KL.   Both can be queens
Give em all purple eyes and sure
Hair not silver. Eyes not purple.
I don’t get the hate, she’s not terrible by any means. But I also don’t get the level of divinity people see in her. I will say, her Valyrian does sound good, but other than that, I wouldn’t go beyond saying she’s a good fit for the job.
Am I the only one giving HBO the bombastic side eye for not getting colored contacts for all of the actors/actresses that played Valyrian characters? Such a small investment compared to the millions they're making off of the show. I know it's a minute detail, but it irks me.
“Definition of how a Targaryen should look” Blonde hair blue eyes i did nazi that coming.
Much preferred the badass first rhayneara
That look she gives on the finale. That sealed it for me. I don’t want to give away any spoilers but I think everyone who knows- knows.
I mean when you look at her off-set you can definitely see how some people were unsure about her.    But she did a great job and that's all that matters!
Milly was brilliant as the young princess, overlooked and a bit bratty, doing what she pleased. She also had the Targ vibe, a bit snotty and arrogant but didn’t quite embody the royalty aspect.   That is what sold Emma for me, she embodies royalty and the old school Targ vibe of never needing to prove she’s better than others (as she believes) - she just is.
At some point you guys are going to realise that for all the talk about specific Targaryen etherealism and how perfect someone is for the role, it literally just comes down to how high quality their pale blonde wig is.
Meh. So-so. Thought the younger version did a much better job.
I’m in the unpopular opinion on this sub category that drastically preferred Milly and still isn’t sold on Emma. They’re clearly a highly talented actor, but just does not feel like Milly’s Rhae or book Rhae to me. They feel very miscast
I wasn’t really worried about going from one actress to another but I’ll say I did want to see a bit more of Millys Rhaenyra but regardless Emma performed well. Really liked her.  Even in terms of looks they did a really good job with the different aged actors looking like their younger/older selves.   Still want to know what Ser Crispen (wasn’t it?) and Daemon use to keep the same look all those years.
Milly Alcock's young Rhaenyra grew on me, so I admit that I was a bit concerned about the (necessary) recast.  But every doubt and concern was dissipated when I saw Emma D'Arcy's Rhaenya.  One little detail that I really liked, is how Emma many times give a little kiss or caresse to reasure Jace & Luke. Small gestures that really helped to show how Rhaenya is a loving mother.
Molly had way more charisma, which made her likeable even though her entitled behavior she was still charming and interesting. Emma somehow bland.
I like her performance but theres only one Queen I’ll bend my knee to, first of her name, etc Daenerys Targaryen.
She really does pull it off. Her presence embodies the essence of the Targaryens. She comes off as a level headed and powerful leader. I think she is on par with Dany and she has truly come into her own in the role.
No purple eyes, 0/10
I still like Milly more she feels fiesty and rebellious and unique I feel Emma smoothed too much of that out.
Emma d'Arcy has definitely the face for the role. I don't know how to explain that but their Rhaenyra looks otherworldly. Not just like a woman with blonde hair like Cersei for example.  Same with Milly Alcock.   The casting department did wonders
I mean in the books every Targaryen is Emilia Clarke level hot at a bare minimum so I dunno.
I never question their acting skills BUT i did questioned their ability to be liked as much a Milly was at the end of the day they were playing an older versions of a character that not even the producers were expecting to be so adored by the audience Milly Rhaenyra was never meant to be so popular and yet it was .. so the concern in my part was based
Full agreement. She is ethereal.  edit: she the character, they the person
Emma completely took my breath away. I was in awe.
Yes gorgeous, I think they are perfectly cast and Milly’s look isn’t old enough to play the adult character.
They look so pretty in this red costume!
I never understood the skepticism myself tbh, as soon as I saw them as Rhaenyra with the wig and all, they literally look ethereal.  Absolutely "Stunnin"--Olivia Cooke
Both did a great job, But i still enjoyed Millie better.
im for the blacks but she definetely acted like a whore so tired of this follow your passions bullshit shes royalty none of you know of dedication
Facebook comments over the switch of actors was absolute hell. So many middle aged men complaining about how Milly wont be on their screen for the rest of the show…
Her chemistry with other characters is seriously lacking though, especially with Matt Smith making ep 7 kind of anticlimatic.
I love them
I still think Milly acted better than Rhaenyra. Wish there wasn’t a recast
Meh. They could have made just about anyone look like a Targaryen queen with that budget.
"How" implies an action and should not be used with "like" which implies that the action performed is like something else. By saying ", how a Targaryen Queen should look like," you are saying that there is a certain way in which a Targaryen Queen looks—the act of seeing things—and that it is *like* a certain something. You could say that her style of dress is an action and that it is befitting of a Targaryen Queen, but part of her appearance is simply her state of being, a non-action.  Either "How a Targaryen Queen should look," or "What a Targaryen Queen should look like." are acceptable and grammatically correct. "What" implies a thing, an object. In this case, she should look like a "Targaryen Queen." That is the "what". Your original question mildly implies that there is a certain way in which something ocularly views the world and that a Targaryen Queen should emulate that action.  Sorry. This seems shallow and nitpicky but...fuck if it doesn't get to me and wear me down. I used to never hear it said like this, but somewhere around 2013 I noticed it more and more, especially with younger generations. I guess language is just changing and I'm just being old, but I thought I'd explain it anyway. No offense intended.
[removed]
You mean a Targaryen *princess*
Eh. No purple eyes. 7/10
If only she was this gorgeous in real life
How a Targaryen queen should look ~~like~~.  \*What a Targaryen queen should look like.
What about Cara Delevigne?
Well, I think using Annya Taylor would save money for wigs and we could have had sunfyre. But yeah, Emma was amazing
This sub has turned into just simping over Emma
So overrated. I have no idea why everyone is so obsessed with them.
They shouldn't have gave an alternative
I basically wrote off GoT after the abysmal main series.  I had zero expectations for this going in.  I had no idea who most of the actors were, and I really hoped Matt Smith could finally get a good role in something big.  With all that being said, I was blown away by all of it.  Even knowing what was going to happen, I was still at the edge of my seat.
Still can't find actresses that can commit to dying their eyebrows. Shameful they get paid so much yet are too vain to do something so simple.
Yup she definitely nailed the role. But still it was legitimate to question that choice. It means people care about the show
Idk I wanna see someone portray Visenya. I feel that would be a true favorite if she ever gets screen time.
If there was ever a doubt, I believe this is the moment all doubts were burned away. https://imgur.com/hz5KftV.jpg
👋🤙🏿🤙🙌🙌
One thing I can praise the show for in the casting. All the Targaryens have very distinct facial features which set them apart from the other characters. Aemond, Rhaenyra, Daemon, Aegon II, and even Helaena embody this the most. I love Emilia Clark, but I always felt she was a bit too conventionally beautiful to play Danaerys - especially after finding out that Tamzin Merchant was originally going to play her.
They cast exactly who they wanted. Emma looks absolutely ethereal and out of this world🙌🏼
The writers or whoever casts the actor’s for GoT and HotD have done an absolutely amazing job.  They have a knack for picking these lesser known actors for key roles that end up killing it in the shows.  Imagine the megastars that will come from the show about Aegon the Conqueror and his sister wives?
She is perfection
Emma did FABULOUS!!! I enjoyed Milly's performance a lot and was a little hesitant when the switch came...but Emma did so well that I never questioned the switch again lol! Emma u rock!
Same here!  I absolutely hated that episode 5 was Milly’s final episode, however once episode 6 started I was absolutely amazed at how natural Emma was at playing Rhaenyra.  I ended up loving her every bit as much as Milly’s portrayal.
[removed]
> I was kinda bummed when Milly was recast  im gonna guess this is the source of the "time when people were questioning" because before the show started i dont remember people saying anything about her.
She changes a lot in the books as well, makes total sense to change actors.
Confused on how people are still uninformed that Emma was casted before Milly, there was no "recast" or "decision" being made.
Margot should be cast as a Lannister
 I'm tired of seeing Margot everywhere
Same here. I saw the clip HBO uploaded where she's taking Joffrey to see Alicent. I was in awe. Loved every moment after that.
After the lack of childbirthing scenes in GOT, I was so impressed by the ones in HOTD! It’s really a huge part of a medieval woman’s life that was glossed over in GOT since most of the women had already had their kids
Same here. I was really surprised on how much griping there was online after the actor switch. I think people just hate change in general haha
Emma is just amazing with a cool but at the same time regal presence. Fantastic choice.
i think they were both great for their parts. milly did a great job but her part was in many ways a lot simpler—a rebellious, bold princess is more often than not going to be memorable and well-liked. emma gave a more layered, subtle performance and their regal bearing really helps sell a character who otherwise might not pop off the screen as much.
I feel like they were both outstanding and we've been so lucky as fans with the casting, top to bottom. Kids, teens, adults, etc.  Looks like Milly's going to get herself some of that theatre swag this summer so it'll be interesting to see that play out wherever she ends up next.
I can't wait to see her character change in the next seasons as the Dance really ramps up.
You put into words what I was struggling to, thank you.
I find her really bland and basic.
Emma as a Targaryen looks like those ai generated queens. Straight from a Tumblr fanart. So otherworldly.
100%, it was queerphobia bc they present more masculine irl and people couldn't see past that.
I agree with you, just want to point out that Emma goes by gender neutral pronouns. they/them
I wish people would watch her interviews if they’re put off by her sexuality. She seems like an extremely nice, funny, positive person with a warm presence.
As someone who can admit to having doubts when I first saw the casting, Emma immediately silenced me with their acting. Definitely made me step back and check my biases. Emma is a perfect Rhaenyra.
They
Agreed, but just so you know, Emma uses they/them pronouns
They totally did!
They are extremely regal I agree! But just so you know they use gender neutral they/them as their pronouns. They are non binary :)
I think Milly-Emma and Emily-Olivia are the only ones who have some similarities. Other actors, like you mentioned, have no similarities at all.
I think I'm just more attached to the original actors. I think Emma and Olivia did a fantastic job, but I got so Goddamn attached to Milly and Emily that they're my go-to when I think about Rhaenyra and Alicent.   Maybe after 4 seasons I'll feel different, but for now the younger versions are my favorite.
I’d agree that I preferred young Rhaenyra. Her face had more expression, and I preferred her warmth and general take on the character. I also think Milly had a lot more chemistry with Matt Smith, which is important from a relationship standpoint.  I do think costuming did adult Rhaenyra dirty. Some of her costumes and hair choices were great, but others didn’t flatter her at all. It was odd to see a princess/queen with unkempt hair and ill-fitting dresses.
Colored contacts look like ass. Color correction in post is trivial, looks more natural, and doesn't inconvenience the actors.
Could those not just be the age difference in-universe? Self image and general demeanour can change a lot over time. I don't know if I think one played rheneyra better, in my eyes they both played their respective rheneyra well.  Then again I've never read the book so it's possible rheneyra always had that royal embodiment even as a child.
This is a brilliant observation. There is also another thing that she often does. She puts her hand around her kids and slowly moves her thumb back and forth. She even did that to Daemon in Episode 8 when they see fragile Viserys, Daemon asks Viserys to stand up for Luke, and then Rhaenyra puts her hand around Daemon's arm and moves her thumb back and forth, which seems to calm Daemon down and then she introduces baby Viserys and baby Aegon to Viserys.
I was hoping they would correct that in HOTD. Why didn't Emilia wear them? I think they hurt her eyes? I guess they didn't want to try half of the cast in them when HoTD came along.
Well, when you give birth to 6 children, lose 2, lose your father and the throne, you are going to lose some of your fiestiness.
Wdym? Emma is way prettier than Emilia lmao.
So, spot on for a Targaryen?
No, they meant queen and they were correct.
Don't mind my English, it is not my first language.
I love Cara Delevigne (specially in Carnival Row), but she looks very Strong
Considering that Emma bleached their eyebrows in real life when they dyed their hair blonde I’m assuming this was makeup’s choice rather than theirs.
Oh I was late to the party. Thrones ruined me for a long ass time. Thank god that I finally gave HOTD a chance because I loved it from the first episode.
Yeah I also don't remember much pushback against Emma beyond "aw why can't they have the same actor the whole time"
Jesus, I meant the character being recast, as in aged-up.  Nobody thinks that Milly was fired and replaced. The role was recast the reflect the time jump.
Lmao why did you get downvoted to hell for stating facts
I see it!
> huge part of a medieval woman’s life  Huge part of most women's life until quite recently. My great-grandmas on my mom's side of the tree had *14* and *16* children. They spent a good part of their adult lives being pregnant. The number of children that died as infants or toddlers is also absolutely heartbreaking. The stuff mom's uncovered researching family history makes GRRMs writings look tame. And this was early 20th century... :(
Agreed with the cool air and demeanor they bring, which makes the motherly warmth Rhaenyra reserves for her boys stand out all the more.
Can guarantee you almost nobody knew/knows that they're non-binary
> 100%, it was queerphobia bc they present more masculine irl and people couldn't see past that  Could you explain why it's queerphobia? If they present in a more masculine dress/style it's reasonable that it would be hard to picture them excelling in a more traditionally feminine role without having seen them do it before
[removed]
Thank you for actually saying this in a more helpful way than others. Noted and now aware.
Emma D’Arcy uses they/them pronouns.
[removed]
🤦‍♂️  Thanks for your helpful contribution and comment to the subject matter.  I have no problem referring to people as their preferred pronoun but I do get irritated when people seem to jump at any opportunity to correct someone even if the first comment wasn’t negative….
Don’t know why you’re being downvoted for correctly stating a person’s preferred pronouns.
Alright thanks
You should not be getting downvoted for this.
Who asked
She's amazing right!
Laena actresses were very convincing too imo
I don't know the actors or actress names, but character wise the only one who looked the same somewhat was Alicent.
Well I mean the acting skills were both good, it wouldn't have made sense for her to maintain the same personality into adulthood. The older version still has that like fire and passion, but it seems like she has come to understand society more, like young Rhanerya didn't question that her father naming her heir would be questioned at all, like she just brushes off Rhaenys warning kinda, the older version has experienced more and is more conscious of the bias towards a potential queen, and the possibilities she won't be accepted as heir. I guess it was just weird having the time skip in the GoTs world, in the original series we stayed with the characters so long and saw their development as they aged. If you took like Dany or Aria, or Jamie or the hound and just saw them the way they were in season 1 straight to the way they were in season 6, 7 or 8 it would be a similar issue I guess. There is lots of character development you miss I guess.
HoTD is really full of those small details. I tried to pay attention to every small movements, since may times they tell more than words.  Really kudos to the directors, who understood that you don't need to explain everything you see on screen: showing a gesture is way more meaningful.
Purple eyes are too fantasy for hbo
Au contraire, Rhaenyra looked very feisty in that closing scene.
Stop embarrassing yourself
[removed]
i will say however that when olivia cooke came into the screen some people i know didnt catch the change instantly, tells u how good of a recast that one was, visually i mean.
Recast is still incorrect terminology.
Because this is how nitpicking looks like and for some reason people don't like that. Can't imagine why /s
It was very, very unnecessary since everyone knew what was meant.
judging by the pronouns being used in this comment section, many still don’t know
But their fashion choices and gender expression / not adhering to female beauty standards are due to their gender identity.  Hating a perceived woman for not having long hair and dressing feminine, ie for not being hot enough, is bigotry either way.  Whether it’s misogyny or queer phobia would depend on whether Emma identifies as a woman or not which they don’t. Someone not knowing their identity isn’t gonna like their fashion choices any better when hearing about it.
It’s not reasonable at all it’s called putting on a wig and acting. If she wasn’t queer she wouldn’t have gotten that response so it’s directly linked to it.
Correctly calling out the reason why they got hate isn’t victimization. It’s stating a fact. They got hate for not looking feminine enough. Ie for not presenting as the gender ppl thought they should. Ie for being non-binary.
absolutely no problem!
My bad. The good intent was there.
[removed]
Misgendering people *is* negative.
I think people want me to be "nicer" about it, as if trans and nonbinary aren't literally dying because of intolorance.
transphobes love being transphobes
They did, by making their preferred pronouns known, and we have to respect that.
They totally did!
When did they use the wrong pronoun? Rhaenyra is she/her. Milly is she/her. They didn't directly refer to Emma at all.
As opposed to dragons, witches, white walkers, and a perpetually stoned kid who becomes ruler of all Westeros?
Imagine believing maester propaganda lmao
Yeah those two are spot on, but I think Alicent's adult actress is really great
Great. I really don't care.
Everyone needs to chill like damn
OP’s reaction was extremely extra though
Had to scroll nearly this far to get to an incorrect pronoun usage, the first one is a couple of comments above. I was pleasantly surprised by that!
> Hating a perceived woman for not having long hair and dressing feminine, ie for not being hot enough, is bigotry either way.   The conversation only came up when she was up for a role where presenting feminine/having long hair and beauty would matter. In Westros society that's what's expected for it's nobility. Look at Arya, Sansa, & Brianne's stories for how essential that is. It's not misogyny or queer phobia to point out that they may not look the part to fit into Westros.
>Hating a perceived woman for not having long hair and dressing feminine, ie for not being hot enough, is bigotry either way  Fair point that I hadn't considered.
For being so worried about queen phobia it's odd to me that you're not using their correct pronouns.   And to the point they would have gotten most of the same response whether they were queer or not.  It was based off their appearance. Personally I didn't v see them out of character until after the show.  But even seeing them as the Rhaenyra I was surprised at how completely different they looked
[removed]
Nah, fuck that. No space for transphobia in 2023.
Says who
Yeah, I love her ^^
Don't know why you're upset, was just trying to clear up what I thought was a misconception, have a nice day.
Doubling down on the nitpick was the extra in this situation.
If you don’t understand wigs and costumes exist, sure.
Their appearance is directly linked to their queerness though it’s not like that’s two separate entities.  Appearance is part of identity and expression of personality. Queer folks dress in a way that defies gender norms purposefully. Emma doesn’t want to be perceived as a woman but as a non-binary person. I guess misogyny about a female daring to not adhere to the male gaze plays into it too. It’s bigotry either way.  Yes I fucked up with the pronouns it’s not easy to get right every time.
Says being a polite, decent and respectful human being
I'm not upset, dude. I just honestly don't care.  Have a nice day too 😊
There’s actually people that still think Emma was the recast though, maybe not on this sub, also OP was getting extremely defensive for no reason  Edit-there’s a comment on this thread from three hours ago lamenting the “recast”, you can search for it, so that assessment isn’t off base
Emma goes by they/them jsyk
If you're going to accuse people of Queer Phobia for not believing that their looks fit the part of an established character. You should put a lot more effort into utilizing their correct pronouns. Makes you look like a hypocrite otherwise...
Okay then 👍
It's pretty obvious those comments are using the term in a similar manner as in this comment thread.
If you were part of or cared about the queer community you would know that making one earnest mistake regarding pronouns is not the big life ruining deal right wing propaganda makes you think it is.
They’re really not if they’re saying that they prefer Milly to Emma. Not understanding the great offense over this
That would be an incorrect assessment on your part then. Nothing I can do to help with that.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I always thought of GoT as Bella Ramsey's breakthrough role, for which she got a lot of critical acclaim.  That was also her first credited role.
Joseph Quinn is going to win because his fans are extremely dedicated but I love seeing Emma and Bella in that list.
Voted for Bella Ramsey.
[vote](http://vote.mtv.com)
This is a good list!
Won’t beat Toby Maguire’s best kiss win from 2003.
They absolutely deserve it too!
I find it hilarious that some wanton Olivia Cooke fan actually believed she did a good job. She was terrible, easily the worst among the adult cast.   That’s why Emma is getting the recognition. She actually did well.  Edit: she even suffered depression because of people ridiculing her acting chops. It was that bad.
Bella this is the first of MANY nominations I know are to come your way for your incredible performance! You have earned all of them! I hope you win <3
Same!!! It’s so nice to see Bella grow as an actor, they’ll always be our little Lady Mormont 🥹
That’s true but she’s the one of the main characters in the last of us
The North remembers
👍
Emma was good in her role, but Bella really quieted the naysayers who did not want to see her in TLOU.
Nobody ridiculed her acting chops what are you even on about?? I mean if you didn’t like her acting then sure that’s your own opinion but you’re literally making shit up now
But she is no longer a breakthrough artist, she already gained recognition as Lady Mormont with GoT.
Emma is a breakthrough artist with HotD though, Bella is not a breakthrough artist with TLOU, she already had her breakthrough moment with GoT.
And now she’s a household name , much more so than playing a side character
Was she though? I actually forgot about her character in Game of Thrones. She’s no Maisie Williams. But she really came to prominence in TLOU.
people instantly recognised Bella in TLOU due to her role as Lady Mormont in GoT, how many people instantly recognised Emma in HoTD?  That is what being a breakthrough artist is about, gaining recognition to a wider audience for the first time.  ps: yes she played a side character in GoT, but GoT was a huge production, and her side character had very impactful dialogue lines and moments in one of the most acclaimed TV productions of all time.
GoT is a far more widely recognised TV series than TLOU
Okay? But again, your casual GoT viewer likely does not remember Bella being in it.
this was a breakthrough moment though, it is when everyone recognises Jon as King in the North due to this speech, it is a turning point in the series.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_2XzeAewJ98
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
i didnt expect starks so low
to be fair they are the most boring house😭
As a house maybe - but some of the favourite (and best) characters are Starks so you'd expect a bit more traction!
yeah and they are "winners" in the end of got while daenerys is dead and jon is gone beyond the wall with wildings
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
*Oh, the dragons outside are frightful*   *But the tower is so delightful*   *Since we've no place to go*   *Let it glow, let it glow, let it glow*
Imagine Larys just made that shit up and Harwin is just like, “ohhhh… yea… I’ve heard that”
Green?
Hot Pink
It glows green which is why everyone reacts the way they do when Alicent goes to the wedding wearing green
Larys being Larys
Here cause I read bacon. /slowlybacksaway
MF GREEN!
Green
Green, that why Alicent dress is green.
the color of shit
That bacon in the Hightower, do you know what colour it glows when Old Town heats their pans too warm?
If your shit is green, you should probably see a doctor.
r.i.p reading comprehension
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Prophecies made up from shaman dreams is no basis for government.
The TPTWP are the friends we make along the way.   Or Hodor.
He took a knife in the heart
Its pretty clear that its Jon if you ask me. He ticks every box.
Ser Pounce  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=M7sh3rG96Ew
 Jon is the Prince who was promised. He united the armies of The North, The Vale, The Unsullied, The Dothraki, The Wildlings, The Brotherhood Without Banners, and Jaime, Theon, Davos, Melisandre, Arya, Sansa, and anyone I've forgotten.   Jon brought them together against the threat of the Night King.  Jon led them to victory.  Arya is effectively the knight on the chessboard. Jon is the king, leading the army.
It’s Jon Snow.
Maybe not only one person, like Azor Ahai. Or maybe it's Jon and Daenerys is Nissa Nissa, who knows. We don't know if we have to interpret them as different figured or all the same (I think Brandon is TLH for example).
I thought we’d all agreed it was Hot Pie.
There will be no one person. The reason prophecies are created and spread, is to ensure a culture where many will strive to have it fulfilled. It's the power of the meme, pure and simple. In this case, to ensure that future generations would be prepared when the enemy of life returnes. What greater way to spread than through stories of love, heroism and sacrifice?
Probably Dany. She's got the stone dragons, reborn amidst salt and smoke (twice), sacrificed a loved one to flames to get her lightbringer, got the red comet.
Dany. She's unlike any other Targaryen, she awakened the dragons and is immune to fire. Jon Snow burned his hand in S1 when he threw that lamp to the wight defending Mormont.
It’s always been Stannis, aways will be
Maybe both Jon and Dany together.
Trystane Truefyre born again.
Tell that to the US government
So did Dany
I would personally say jon aswell because throughout the story George presents mysterys with an obvious answer and that amswer is never right and to me Dany is the obvious answer in this mystery
Ser pounce watched as they built the red keep and he is the only living thing to know all of the red keeps secret halls
Also really hoping the arya 360 no-scoop oneshot nightking kill does not happen in the books...
Jon Snow is Azor Ahai  Satin Flowers is Nissa Nissa  And Jon's Manhood is the lightbringer.
You got me. I just wanted to expose the idiots who didn’t believe it was Hotpie
There are tomes written about how Hot Pie is the Prince who was Promised.
What unites people more than a story
My personal reason for not believing it to be dany is because throughout Georges work there has always been mysterys with an obvious answer. To me Dany is the obvious choice but in all these mysteries it never ends up being the right choice.  But yeah definitely see why she is chosen as people’s belief of who it is
Fair enough. So is it fair to say you believe because she fits the description?
Arya should kill one of his minions, then take his face and go undercover and kill the NK.
Daemon is Azor Ahai  Aemond is Nissa Nissa  And Dark Sister is Lightbringer.
But why Jon, then? He's definitely not some subtle mystery, he's the secret prince archetype who grows up as a bastard, becomes a leader at a young age, has dreams about fighting with a red sword. If Dany is too obvious as a choice, Jon isn't that much better as a twist.   If it has to be a twist, then have it be Melisandre, or maybe Stannis's acceptance of the role makes him into the prince all along. But picking the guy who half the Fandom will think of if you ask them to pick a main character is definitely not unexpected.
I definitely get that, we still haven’t got confirmation of Jons parentage and when we do I would expect the reveal or maybe we don’t get a reveal of who it is but its close to the reveal and  jon isn’t an obvious choice because of george, hes a pretty obvious choice because of the amount of time the fans had to soeculate since 2011. Georges hints have been picked out by the more eagle eyed readers and shared to the general reader who wouldn’t pick up as well. So to me jon is only an obvious choice because the show made him a targ first and we have had time to think (too much time lol)
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Everyone talking about this scene screwing people up is forgetting that his little brother Maelor gets torn to pieces at Bitterbridge.
I doubt it unless they make it overly explicit and disturbing. We barely spent any time with Helaena and her children so the audience is not that emotionally invested in them. This scene can only be shocking through pure shock value
I haven’t read the book yet so I’m not sure what this is about but if it’s relating to Helena, I do love her character a lot so anything that messes her up would hurt to watch. Just some perspective from a show-only view
Some people say this will surpass the Red wedding but I doubt about that, Robb was one of the most beloved characters and we were connected to him and cate for 3 seasons while B&C will take like what an episode to set it up right? It'll definitely be disturbing but won't have an impact like red wedding.
I think the Battle Above the Gods Eye, Storming of the Dragonpit and this will break the fanbase before the show even ends.
They should have kept the scenes of Viserys interacting with his grandchildren.
Okay, kind of a fucked up response to this (I already know about the scene so not a shock to me) but this illustration is beautiful. Horrifying, but beautiful. I think it's the way the movement of Helaena's dress and the anguish on her face is depicted.   Honestly though, they're probably going to soften this scene up as they've done others. It seems surprising considering the violence in GOT but there aren't nearly as many characters here so it does actually make sense for them to try to keep the MCs sympathetic. I kind of hope they do soften it up. I really don't want to watch some scumbags threatening to rape a toddler. I just can't y'all. I guess one of the points GRRM was trying to make with **Fire and Blood** was that history is told by unreliable narrators who all have some sort of agenda so it gives a lot of leeway for the showrunners
I’m most excited for Aemond vs Daemon
Poor Helaena. She is the LAST person this should happen to.
The way S1 went, they'll blame it all on Mysaria and make it a complete misunderstanding or accident.
I hope HotD lasts long enough to give us the Maiden's Day Cattle Show.
I really hope B&C happens episode 3, or at least 2, so we can have some time spent with Helaena as dragonrider, mother, Alicent as grandma, Otto as great grandpa, etc. It'll make it all the more tragic, esp if she can feel something is coming
I have a feeling season 2 will open up with Helaena and the kids in some wholesome way, and the end of episode 1 will end with blood and cheese. They’ll try to get watchers as attached to the kids as possible in one episode
As a book reader, it's definitely going to be interesting to see how the non-reader fans/watchers react.
May sound weird but I’m slightly excited for this scene, only because I’m interested to see what music/song will be used during the scene. The slight build up of the music during Cersei’s scene before the sept blows up, that was a masterpiece. I wonder if they’ll have the music building in the background, or if it’ll just be a raw emotional scene with only Haleanas cries in the background. Fuck i take it back, I am not ready
Helena did nothing wrong and got arguably the shittiest deal in the dance. Justice for the dreamer!
Game of Thrones was shocking in 2011. It has since influenced TV to incorporate shock value and people are desensitized to it. Very few people will be genuinely "shocked" by this, especially when they know this is a Game of Thrones offshoot
This is gonna show people for how utterly depraved it is
If it’s done from the source material, season two will be very dark and sad for everyone.
I’m glad we’ve had so long to prepare for the discourse
Book Readers have completely spoiled all of the major battles and events that will happen in future seasons. I don’t think any of them is going to shocking to anyone that’s online
It will make a person Team Whitewalker.
After shireen and the red wedding I don’t really think it’ll have as big of an impact as some have been thinking. Especially if the kid isn’t used in many scenes. Like yeah it’s a pretty fucked up scene but nothing we haven’t seen done to more prevalent and beloved characters
I wonder what route they'll go down with for Maelor's death. There's certainly place to make that insanely shocking and gruesome !! I honestly hope they do, part of the reason this story is so shocking and good is the large amount of horrific loss of innocent (infant) life.
No it's not going to. The viewers barely know Helaena, much less her kids. + The writers don't even have the balls to keep Daemon responsible for it. Who gives a fuck what two random henchmen do on their own?
They should start the season with some cute bonding scene between Helaena and the children (I actually would have liked seeing the scenes with Viserys from the source material).  Also use Maelor's birth as some kind of surprise 'reconciliation' between Helaena and Aegon (lulling in people thinking that things will turn out better). I remember Diana saying that when she was pregnant with Prince Harry there was a brief time when she thought when her and Charles were closer than usual and the atmosphere wasn't as frosty that now there is a turning point. I would like something similar with Aegon and Helaena next season.
There are definitely going to be Black Stans defending this lol. "But they killed Luce, so technically they started it. It's really her fault that her son was beheaded in front of her."
they'll find a way to make rhaenyra and daemon blameless guaranteed. oh and make it an accident too on top of it lmao
If it's gonna happen in the the first episode of season 2, it will just be buried by other episodes and other revenge deaths. If they want to use it as a shocker, they could have ended the 1st season with that scene.
This was hard to read, I imagine that will be worse to watch!! Specially if they make just like in the books! The “your mother wanted you too die” in the end is the most horrific part!
I don’t plan on reading and will forget by the time it comes out in like 5 years someone tell me
I think it’ll shock the book readers too, seeing it brought to life
I for one, cannot wait for Blood and Cheese.
Why tf does Maelor look like a grown ass man
I'm really looking forward to watching reactions.
If the audition tapes are anything to go by I think they'll play it down compared to the book.
Why’s lil bro in the right like “What’s wrong mom?” like there isn’t a dead person in front of him?
The writers have guaranteed that this storyline will be portrayed in the upcoming season!
It's gonna be worse than ned's death in got season 1
poor halaena  &#x200B;  the blacks instead of kidnapping everyone and ending the war without bloodshed they instead committed a huge war crime and just said who cares about winning
I love how all of you excited about this moment but i am sure they will fuck this up.   Word of advice : Lower Your Expectation.
Very true. Kinda forgot about that
I wonder if they could rectify it by having Episode 1 focus on the Green perspective after Aemond returns from Storm's End, spend some time with Helaena and her children and watch the beginning of Aegon's reign. Then have Blood and Cheese at the end or in Episode 2.   Still shock value at the end though I would think.
They might do a little extra time with her and her kids during the episode, like they did with Luke, playing up his bond with Rhaenyra episode 10 (a little cheap, but they’re pressed for time) I wonder if they will have Aegon interact with them to focus on his reaction, if they’ll give the emotional impact to Aemond or Alicent, or if they’ll just make it a general grievance of the Greens.
And i hope they go this route. I want it to be as disturbing as possible
I wasn't invested in Roberts nameless bastards getting killed in season 2 of GOT but seeing a gold cloak rip a baby from a mother's arms and murder it took a hell of a lot out of me and it wasn't even on screen.
I don't need to be emotionally invested in people to be horrified at women being forced to choose a child to be killed and in a sadistic twist forced to watch the other child decapitated. Also they already made Helaena rather likeable as she is so pure and innocent, so it would be very painful to see something this cruel happen to her.
If they even go with the mildest book description it will be red wedding tier. As many people complained about the show audience sees the blacks as the “good guys” when THIS happens it’s gonna blow minds
Which is why they’re going to make the viewers like the children first. Still don’t think blood n cheese will happen in the first couple episodes
yup
Judging by the gore in season 1 i.e. Vaemond, Ep.1 tourney - I assume it will be quite explicit
The scene will be so graphic they'll have to have a disclaimer, a message from the actors, another warning, and another message from GRRM.
Why wouldn’t it be shocking? We’ll probably see the plot organized by Daemon, passed along through Mysaria, and then acted out differently/more violently and shockingly than we were initially told. Daemon may order them to capture a prince, Mysaria may be the one to escalate it, or maybe B&C just escalate it on their own. And even if we’re expecting violence, there’ll be that devastating, drawn out passage where Helaena has to choose a child to die, and then they kill the other one. If nothing else, THAT will be shocking
You should stay out of the comments till season 2 is out
Oh my sweet summer child
*If you think this has a happy ending, you haven’t been paying attention*
It wasn’t just about that the death, but having a storyline ripped out right from under us, giving the impression the narrative doesn’t offer protection. Viewers has forgotten Ned and we’re complacent by that point. Helaena doesn’t have a storyline.
I don’t think it’ll surpass the red wedding either. Robb was more loved than most characters but at this point in time people will expect something awful to happen
maybe i’m crazy but i find a toddler getting beheaded and another toddler almost raped more terrifying & disturbing than a bunch of adults dying in a room
If they gave the children and Helena a lot more screen time the scene will probably carry much more weight
Tbh I liked Robb but disliked Catelyn heavily and while I thought the red wedding is a masterpiece, it wasn’t that sad like shireen’s death was sadder
I almost cried reading the storming of the dragonpit
Nothing will compare to Rhaenyra’s death. This fanbase will implode.
Maybe they could do flashbacks? The pace of the show will be slower now so they’ll have more time, but it’s not easy to do flashbacks well
Loser? I doubt he cared at all.
True. They say its a showdown between two grey sides, but its obvious the show writers (and martin himself) are biased towards the blacks. They'll most likely say rhaenyra didn't even know of it, and was mad at daemon for it. And daemon didn't know of it cause his message was read the wrong way or sum bs.
I’d be so mad
Oh shut the actual fuck up. Aemond at Shipbreaker Bay is a very different beast to fucking Blood and Cheese
i’m gonna be so salty if it ends at aegon iii’s crowning, i want to see all of aegon iii’s reign
I have that song, Light of the Seven on my playlist, I have to hear it occasionally.
I dunno, can’t think of another show where a kid is graphically murdered on screen
its tagged as a spoiler and u still opened it? lol why
I can see them lessening his responsibility but it would be too cowardly to just have it be a misunderstanding or something. I suspect he will order a kids death (a son for a son), but not the twisted ‘Sophie’s choice’ element.
Have you been spending a lot of time on r/freefolk or have you seen actual proof that Daemon won't be responsible? Also we've literally heard dialogue from the Cheese audition clearly stating that they're not working independently
And those two random henchmen single handedly destroy the line of succession with murdering the 2 kids.  So yeah, I think alot of people will care, especially people that stan the Greens.
Unless Aemond is the real dad and always has been
I def see blood & cheese happening episode 2 or 3.. they’ve already switched around some events. Like assault on harrenhal happens before luke death in books… I think the civil war in the riverlands will happen before blood & cheese. And blood & cheese will be the leading cause to >!aegon firing otto and replacing him with Cole!<
If they do that, i imagine they will hold off on Blood and Cheese until penultimate episode. We have to connect with greens, and show why Aegon is probably thee worst and why Aemond might be the secret baby daddy *fingers crossed knock on wood*… that way we feel the same pain and gasp just like with Ned’s death or the red wedding
Since fans want Aemond to be the secret baby daddy, I can see him and Alicent being devastated while Aegon will be like “oh well… I have a spare”
Ever watched the baby scene from Mother! ? Yeah, I want that kind of shock
I can already see 2x02 opening up with “this episode contains extremely graphic content. Viewership is highly advised. No children were harmed in the making of this production.” 😭
Me too
This is one of my favorite comments ever
This is the Westeros equivalent to US Southern expression “Oh bless your heart”
I never said it's not disturbing, I'm talking about the impact coz half the people don't even know Helena has 3 kids and we only got to see them for like 5 seconds so people aren't attached to them. Talking about disturbing yes it would definitely be distrubing af to watch on screen
Exactly, not to mention that Robb and Catelyn were the main responsible for their fate, they underestimated the Freys after humiliating them - I'm not taking Freys' sides, I think they're one of the most worthless houses in the whole ASoIaF universe, but they had plenty of reasons to turn against the Starks one way or another, and Tywin gave a ton of hints in the books that he was striking something off with the Tully's bannermen.  So, complementing your answer, it was a bunch of adults dying in a wedding dinner by their own fault rather than a bunch of kids beying terrorized and one of them butchered in front of his own siblings, mum and grandma - btw I'm a Black stan and hate the Greens so I don't give a shit about B&C but I admit it's gruesome and probably will depolarise the audience lmfao  Except for Helaena of course, I'll be deeply sorry for her. Always.
There's only so much more they can give them, though, because this has to happen before most other things that would be coming this season. They should have been giving them more screen time last season, since they knew it would be coming.
Having known about it before reading, I took it harder than I expected. It was just "damn, you always heard the Dragons perished with the Dance, but they *really perished with the Dance.*"
I’m convinced people will hate it more than S8
This’ll be it.
Do you think we'll get just the burning or will there be chomping involved too?
I doubt it's gonna be graphic. More like when Janos kills Barra and the camera pans away and focuses on the mother's face
I’ve read F&B. I wasn’t referring to myself being spoiled. I wouldn’t even care about spoilers in the first place even if I wasn’t I reader. I just think it’s rude that it’s sort of been ruined for people who didn’t even seek them out in the first place. This sub in particular is vary hazardous. Any time a show only watcher makes a prediction that’s far off, they get spoiled by readers
I'm mentally ill for wanting the tv show to be accurate to the book for one of the most important scenes? Horrible gory scenes are what built game of thrones and they're important to the story...
Well, 'lucky' for us cowardly sounds just like these writers. Was Daemon a suspect in Laenor's or the Strongs' deaths? Was he portrayed as a real threat to Alicent's kids? Does he seem to be manipulating Rhaenyra to get closer to the throne? Did Rhaenyra claim Vaemond's head?
Yeah? Have we also heard their orders were to kill, not kidnap? You'll see... I've seen enough whitewashing in S1 to know where this is headed.
Really? Who are they gonna be upset with? Two randos that play no role whatsoever for the rest of the dance?
Why do you Aemond to be their dad?
It's been years since I saw that movie, and I still have flashbacks to that scene whenever someone asks if I'd like to hold the baby.
Mother! and uncut gems are the only two movies that gave me a near anxiety attack
I should not have googled I should not have googled I should not have gooogled. WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME?!
GOD I watched that while pregnant and had a huge anxiety attack afterwards 😭
2? This will definitely be episode 1
ah yes red wedding did leave a bigger impact but in ur last sentence u said not more disturbing than red wedding so i thought that’s what u meant.
You are a black,? So child murder is OK?
Yeahs that’s what I meant
i feel u. the books are different though, things happen way differently in F&B compared to S1 of HOTD. i got spoiled but then again what got spoiled for me was in GOT as well. i ended up just listening to the books so i can join all the discussions lol.
I guess for the drama. They are Targaryens and a brother possibly stealing his brothers wife isn’t unheard of
Try requiem on for size
I’m so sorry. You saved me though.  I was about to Google. Thanks for taking one for the squeamish
No need to thank me (amazing movie btw, you should watch it whole)
Nah this won’t be 1… they’ll build it up. Let us get to know the characters a little more. It’ll be 3… maybe 2
It’s not going to be in the premiere lmao. It’ll likely be 2x03…MAYBE even early episode 2x04. It could be a sort of “mid season” thing they go for. Seems like season 2 is gonna focus a lot on the characters and their development. We’ll prolly get scenes between Aegon/Helaena/Aemond and the twins before B&C happens.
Where did I say that's okay? I said I don't give a fuck, it's just fiction and they're at war. And it was all because of the Dance over Shipbreaker Bay, Luke wasn't a 6-year-old Jaehaerys in those circumstances but he was innocent too, and an envoy - yeah, he maimed Aemond when he was younger than Aegon's son, and he was protecting his older brother who was getting "savagely beaten" (according to F&B) by other kid almost twice his age.  Funny how people can relate so much to Aemond, even after Shipbreaker Bay, because a 5-year-old blinded him in a children fight but they're so horrified and repudiate the Blacks because of B&C and Aegon's kids... "Oh, but Aegon's son didn't stabbed anybody" - just give me a break ffs.
Daemon isn't gonna spend 4 episodes trying to figure out how to get back at the greens.
2x03 or 2x04? That makes no sense. The latest it will be is episode 2. There’s only 8 episodes for season 2, dragging out the revenge for half of it makes no sense lmfao
Vaghar ate Luc. And do you want me to list all Daemon did. Give me a break ffs.
Daemon is gonna talk to Erryk who’s gonna explain how he saw the White Worm talking to Otto back in 1x09 and how she has spies everywhere. So then Daemon in 2x01 is gonna send ravens to men of the City Watch who are still loyal to him (Blood and Cheese) to find the mysterious White Worm. She will be found alive and she’ll team up with Daemon to get back at the greens for setting her home ablaze from 1x09. She has her own servants that told her secrets about how to get in the castle which daemon also knows as well. So then in episode 2, they orchestrate the plan and reach the castle but Arryk, being a kings guard guarding the room with Alicent finds them but gets knocked out. They hold Alicent hostage and you know the rest lol… that motivates Arryk to go to drgaonstone because he feels guilty etc
It’s not gonna happen in episode 1. There’s too much stuff that needs to be established.
Exactly. Like, what will be in-between? Lol.
Well, there’s not a whole lot of time in between B&C and Rook’s Rest, and if the rumor/theory of Rook’s Rest being the ending point for S2 is correct, then what are they gonna do for the rest of the season if B&C were to happen in the premiere lmao? IIRC, the only major things to happen before RR is Duskendale and the Cargyll twins fight, both of which could essentially happen in the same episode. Realistically, it’ll probably happen in 2x03.
Apparently daemon taking Harrenhal will be able to fill half the season 😂
They can probably fit in the dragonseeds for S2. If they did B&C in episode 3 there would barely be any story to adapt for the first two episodes. B&C happens immediately after Shipbreakers Bay. Do we seriously want to watch daemon chill in Harrenhal for 2 episodes?
Daemon and Caraxes move in slo-mo whilst everyone else moves at a normal pace
…The dragonseeds don’t fight in Rook’s Rest. They don’t come into the story until afterwards. Logically, they shouldn’t even be in S2.
When did I say they fight in rooks rest? I said they can fit the dragonseed plotline into season 2. Rooks Rest could be episode 6 and the last 2 could focus on the repercussions and then recruiting the dragonseed. Never did I say they fight in rooks rest lmfao, no idea where you came up with that
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
there should be a version where the other side has a picture of Daemon with the quote "you can keep your tongue"
Both seem like class acts. Just got my gf into Peaky Blinders and when Paddy comes on as the evil Priest, I asked her if he looked familiar. She couldn’t place it until I said “THIS DIVISION MUST CEASE! WE ARE A FAMILY!”
Big Daddy Daemon
Wait weren’t you just in the Doctor Who subreddit?  How are you everywhere
Love the cosplay!
What’s with Subject Delta in the background ?
Great photos!
Why do British ppl say “at the weekend” not “on the weekend?”
As much as I would have loved that, Matts autograph was £110
Haha, amazing
Thats what the ladies call him
I believe there should be an uncle in there somewhere.
Perhaps he was *at* a concert by *The Weekend*
Idk, our language existed before yours, it happened "AT" the weekend, why on earth would you say "on" the weekend
I remember a time when autographs were given for free
Yeah, some arent that bad nowadays 30-60 is ok depending on the guest since you get a little chat with them, but some are downright extortionate
I guess organisers have found a way to monetise everything
He’s so famous too that if he didn’t put an absurd price on it, he’d have thousands of auto’s to do I guess.
that's what these types of events are supposed to be about though. people lining up to get an autograph has always been a natural part of such events and why people would make an effort to get to such an event early.  Some would luck out and fail to get the autograph because there was no more time left but it used to be first come first served, and fair; not those with money get the autograph and those that don't can go screw themselves.
I guess, at the end of the day, it’s also his time he’s giving up to sit there all day to sign autos and take photos with people. He can put whatever price he wants on his time.   Lucky I’m a huge Ewan Mitchell fan and simply sent him a letter and photos and received the kindest letter and beautifully signed pics back, at no cost! 😍
he's probably not the one setting the price though, it would be the event organisers doing that.  The point is that he has an allotted time to spend there, whether people pay for his autographs or not he will be spending time there for the duration of the contract, I am not stating that he should spend more time than agreed upon just so everyone can get an autograph, I am stating that someone who arrived earlier at the event should get an autograph rather than someone who waltzed in at their own pleasure but paid a fee to get the autograph.
Why would the event organisers set his price? Matt would have total control over that.
Why would the event organisers set his price? Matt would have total control over that.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I give the actor full props for the "Oh Holy Crap I am in SOOOOO much trouble" face. Had the exact same one when I backed a car into a nearly new garage door at a relatives house.
This Barbie is fucked
He assumed that his nephew was strong enough to take it
When you tell your parents ‘I barely touched them’ but your cousin is visibly pregnant
Like being hit by several thousand trucks all at once.
Me: \*punches little cousin in the arm\*   Little Cousin:  "didn't hurt"   Me: .....KAAAAAA MAAYYYYYY HAAHH MAAAYYYY
Should’ve had his dragon eat the rest of the other to hide the evidence hahaha
*”fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck”*
“You can hit me back if you don’t tell your mom!’
Vhagar NO!!! 🤣
Is this meme watermarked
"Soves, Luke. Soves!"
On this week's episode of HOTD: Barbie starts a civil war
Hahahaa
Oops
It definitely brings a lot more to the scene, imo.. Since Grrm writes "Fire and Blood" like a historical account, he almost never infers what a character felt or thought at a certain moment if there's no first-hand evidence or account of it. So when this tragedy happens, there's no, "Aemond looked back in horror at..." which does leave a lot to the imagination in terms of historical fiction (ie what was he thinking, was he just out to kill him?) But instead, here we see a brief moment of the real Aemond's reaction to this horrific catalyst, and it'll be interesting to see how he twists it in the next season.
I can remember every facial expression Ewan/Aemond had in his 11 minutes of screentime  He might not have had screentime, but he sure left a lasting impression on the viewers
Barbie Gets Grounded
*Roll Tide*
Lol, this reminds me of Hemlock Grove
Had us in the first half not gonna lie.
Stay tuned for scenes from the next episode of *Dragon Ball Z*…
My guess is that Aemond just tells everyone he killed Luke on purpose (because honestly, no one would believe him if he said it was an accident, their feud was common knowledge) but the guilt eats him more and more from B&C onwards.
F&B is great in it's own way but like you said it's a historical account that's also biased from 3rd party opinions of the in-world writers (not GRRM but the maesters and informants who contributed to writing the book). It sort of transports you into Westeros by making the book you're reading one that would exist in Westeros. Certainly interesting and ***novel*** way of writing.  On the flip side you don't get a lot of the human elements like emotion or context. HoTD did a great job flushing those out along with doing very well keeping both sides even by showing the good (and bad) sides of all characters from both sides. Even the changes made were pretty good and fit in well. Viserys I by the book accounts was that he was nice and generous but his poor health came mostly from being fat, he cared little for ruling, was too soft/weak politically, and ultimately sowed the seeds for the civil war. The book is written in 3rd party POV of people from the Westeros world so a lot of it is rumor stuff and that's largely biased or inaccurate. You don't get to really see VizzyT's visions of the future, the Targ secrets, how he decisively and strongly defended his naming of Rhae, how he tired to help his entire family no different from "strong & competent" Tywin would, how his perceived "weakness" was because most of the KL positions of power were his own family and friends, and how he struggled through sickness until the end to keep his family together. Some actual story/character changes were made to complete Viserys story & character in HoTD, but GRRM liked it so much he mentioned that he kind of wanted to go back and retcon.
Also considering the last people to see Luke saw Aemond demanding him to cut out his own eye. He definitely should just roll with it.
Pretty much my thoughts exactly.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Baerbie
Not Harry posting that when he would unironically make a great Ryan 😆
I love that Aemond is a Barbie 😂😂😂
We need Vizzy T as NecroBarbie.
They've chosen a really good pic of Rhae...
Daemon 😂😂😂😂   He's the hotter version of Ken
*he's a strong prince
Rhaenyra really do look like a Barbie tho
Pleeeeaaaase Harry sharing the Jace one just killed me zhsjsjanwbs
 I love this Barbie edits, house Targaryan , especially Aemond with that hair, is a  perfect match.
Where's my favorite sexually repressed and perpetually anxious book worm, Barbie?
"This barbie had her birthright stolen from her."
Rhaenyra, Jace and Daemon would be great as Barbies lol
Terrible slap together edit of Aemond’s.   Credits to maker:  [Daemon](https://twitter.com/reyloryn/status/1643270085417766918?s=46&t=f4btPw4SvXSVhXkHyMa-6w) [Rhaenyra](https://twitter.com/reyloryn/status/1643278652086571008?s=46&t=f4btPw4SvXSVhXkHyMa-6w) [Jace](https://twitter.com/reyloryn/status/1643286192467881989?s=46&t=f4btPw4SvXSVhXkHyMa-6w)
Don’t forget Kaen
Of House Barbaeryan
Jacaerbie
and her sister, Skippaer.
House of Robaerts
Omg he really would! Should I be concerned I’m a grown adult and know exactly who Ryan is? 😂
*Daemon was not made to wear the crown. But I believe that you were, ladybloodsong.*
Emma is stunning!
Well I mean, his future regeneration is playing Ken...
Thanks for this! I found them on a random twitter acc and there was info on where they came from.
And Baemond. 😍
\^\^  Sounds Irish
And Kellae
No. Because I knew the moment I saw that pose and the hair that I was looking at Ryan 😭
Staceys
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Moments where his wonderful acting will shine through? Yes, absolutely.   Positive moments for the character? He'll get to have some righteous anger and participate in one battle, which some could view as positive. From what's written, though, there aren't really any uplifting moments for him.
I mean he won't become a good guy or something but he'll definitely have his moments to shine and some damn good dialogues from the book.
yes and no, he is a sort of two steps forward one step back sort of character
If you consider the Greens the “good guys” then it’s possible you will consider him redeemed. However from an objective POV he just becomes more of a leader, while still being a terrible person.
I want to say yes he’ll have some form of redeeming qualities but it is very difficult to redeem a rapist who throws his bastards in to the fighting pits.
I mean he won't become a good guy or something but he'll definitely have his moment of shine and some damn good dialogues from the book
Didn't read the book neither, but I heard he had a very nice relationship with his dragon
He has his good moments, yes. He's still a pretty shitty guy all the way through, but it's not all raping and child fighting. Without spoiling too much, he starts taking things seriously as King and has a couple of pretty cool battle moments.
One of the defining qualities of Aegon is that he really does shine as a king. He performs his kingly duties at the very least adequately and at best as good as his namesake. There is also the righteous anger he would feel, which appeals to many. But I doubt that the show with its blatant pro black depiction will do him justice. But seeing how they turned one of the most complex characters into a drunken wastrel who rapes as he sees, I seriously doubt it.
Not really. I don't say this in terms of sides by the way, I like the Greens, but Aegon does not really have redeeming qualities. He DOES have some good moments, yet he's overall not a good ruler or a good or even likable person. (\*by 'good moments' I mostly mean that he has moments that are engaging and provide TGC with interesting material to perform)  The only aspect of Aegon's character that I somewhat think people can empathize with is that he only wanted survival. He acts doing what he thinks he must to save himself and his own. He can be really cruel in many ways, but even when the war begins he doesn't really go off until B&C. By the end of it all, if his survival was ensured, he was willing to take the Black. Aegon spent his entire life afraid because of circumstances that were forced on him by both sides (Viserys and Rhaenyra pushing her claim deceiptfully and throwing the realm in an inevitable state of instability, Otto and Alicent not being willing to compromise) and even after getting a strong taste of power he still didn't care for it.  I don't think that this makes him redeemable. But it's the part of his character that I can feel for.
This isn't GoT where D&D try to wrap up all the characters' arcs in a nice little bow.
He won’t be a good person but he is a character you could find qualities to admire in. No spoilers from me tho
Well we'll just have to wait and see
He’s up there with Daemon as the most interesting book characters for me, but so far the show has portrayed him as a pantomime villain with almost no positive traits.   I’m not optimistic about how his character will be handled on the show going forward.
If F@B is a history book that is pro green, couldnt it be possible that it hyped up many of Aegons feats during the dance? This might be the route they go.
He'll start off much the same as S1, but an event in early s2 is going to change him. He will step up in the role he's been given and wont just be a pawn  I wouldn't say he ever redeems himself, he never becomes likeable or good, but by the end of the story, him and Rhaenyra are on equal footing in terms of "good"  But lets just say he has some really engaging moments, really good lines of dialogue, and his arc is arguably the most intriguing of any character.
He isn’t “redeemable”, any more than Aemond, Daemon, Larys, or Cole, in terms of being a good guy. They have the chance to salvage him a little bit. He will never be Jon Snow, will never be a hero. But he will get some great lines. He will never be as good of a warrior as Cole and Aemond, or as good of an administrator as Otto or Alicent, just comparing him to the other Greens. But, Aegon is incredibly resilient and tenacious and after a certain plot point, he shows a lot of mental strength, and overcomes some of his short comings that I think will surprise a lot of people, even those who hate the Greens.  He isn’t as impulsive as Aemond or even as violent as Criston when he is in a position to put his best foot forward.  The way they could salvage him going forward is to make it clear that now Aegon for the first time feels like he is accepted, moves on from his father never caring about him, and has some strong motivation to be a worthwhile king. He is NOT Joffrey 2.0, maybe starts that way, but Aegon has a great character arc in the book. Tom does a great job with the miserable material he was given so I hope the writers can at least meet him half way this time. Show Rhaenyra is much more likable than book Rhaenyra, it sucks that the best parts of her are preserved and improved while the opposite happened to Aegon.
Well they ruined his character in season 1 I don't think it will be easy to redeem him from here.
Nah, Aegon's practically in the bin. He never stood a chance, from the moment the creators decided they were making this show about sexism and patriarchy. The "unreliable history of men" guarantees black misdeeds from the books are slander while the greens' are canon (and usually even worse than reported).  The blacks and Rhae especially were whitewashed beyond recognition while Aaegon was basically turned into a villain. The common argument that they balanced that out with making Alicent "more likeable" is BS, because she's only ever depicted favourably when she champions Rhaenyra and her cause - so, she's basically either an extension of Rhaenyra or she's portrayed as a helpless, gullible pawn to men. The problem is that this makes it practically impossible for green fans to support any real green claim. Which is likely what the creators wanted all along. Everything revolves around Rhaenyra.  So maybe read the books. While no one can claim he's depicted as a good person there, at least he's more prominent and on more equal footing with the pandering hero the show's trying to push.
No spoilers but his actions later on cements him as one of the better Aegons (and my favorite characters in the entire ASOIAF universe.) he’s not really a good guy but he’s a badass
It looks like the writers would prefer a one dimensional cartoon villain, so I don’t think so.
I’m gonna love sunfyre everyone will.
I mean depends what you mean by redeem himself 🤣🤣 but sure he’ll be super awesome
Redemption for what? He did nothing wrong
The actor will do a good job with what he's given. I've rarely ever had problems with the actors for GoT or HotD.  The writing on the other hand? FUBAR. Aegon's beyond redemption. They wanted a cheap and recognizable villain to appeal to modern sensibilities of wickedness and they got it. I lost most of my interest in the central conflict of the show seeing how they chose to adapt Aegon. He's a cliched foil designed to compound more tragedy onto the Alicent vs Rhaenyra conflict they're trying to turn the story into.   I fully expect Rook's Rest to portray him as unfavorably as possible and with the revised framework of S2 strongly implying more screen time with Rhaenys, I also fully expect everyone to hate him even more after that event.
I think this is going to end up being a "choose your favorite villain" show...
Bold of you to assume they will even care to give him any chances to have light positive moments. It's the mistake the show runners and writers made, not making it more of push and pull, more ambiguous.  They made him a rapist of a servant girl whose age is questionable and an avid supporter of the fighting puts, real POS while Rhaenyra isn't nearly painted horribly. Now any negative and horrible stuff Rhaenyra does will be excused as grief and anger for her son.  Aegon is irredeemable in mostly everyone's eyes so even if they did, they ruined his chances of being sympathized with.  It is what it is. Meh. 🤷
Bold of you to assume that they’ll give him any of his cool book dialogue. They already removed a lot of great lines from both the Blacks and the Greens.
Very nice? More like the most emotional and best bond in the entirety of ASOIAF  Though knowing the showrunners, Aegon isnt gonna have a single redeeming quality
Aegon does have 2 likeable qualities. One being his bond with Sunfyre and the other being him not giving up even after going through all that shit
He arguably had more redeeming qualities than many of the greens in the book.
They need a few scapegoats to pile up the blame onto to make their personal favorites (Alicent, Aemond, Rhaenyra) appear better in the eyes of the audience. Aegon and Daemon play that role for them, but at least Daemon has the cool warrior part going for him. Aegon was just made even more pathetic to the point where you can’t even like him as a villain like Daemon.   Like make him a cartoon villain all you want after arbitrarily choosing to make Mushroom rumors true for him only and removing his few redeeming qualities. But at the very least, could they not make him a coward that hides and cries behind his mother as he thinks he’s going to die? Making the villain appear more competent and less of a joke only benefits them by making Rhaenyra’s opponent somewhat respectable.
The show and book are two entirely different things as GRRM has said. The show is not the “confirmed truth” like people make it out to be. And that’s okay, we don’t have to fit the show in the scope of F&B because that would be impossible. They’re making changes they feel are necessary for the logistics of TV and personal feelings on characters.
Copium
> the creators decided they were making this show about sexism and patriarchy  Sooooo all of the stuff GRRM wrote about sexism and the patriarchy in Westeros in F&B wasn’t real?
They took elements that already existed for the Blacks and sanded some edges but I dont think they whitewashed them. Meanwhile they basically created whole new characters for Alicent and Aemond.
True to an extent but characters from team black are also set back a notch so that Rhaenyra can shine through
Rook’s Rest has always been an epic moment for Rhaenys. She got double teamed but still managed to permanently cripple Aegon and Sunfyre.   It’s horrific L for Aegon in the text. Despite Dione teaming Rhaenys with Aemond and Vhagar,  Sunfyre was mutilated and could barely fly while Aegon’s armor was permanently fused to his flesh. How did the guy even piss of shit? Could have even sire children? I doubt either one would have made it more than a few years with their injuries.   Did you think it was ever going to be framed as an epic moment for him? Why?
I'mma burn the HBO studios if they remove his "Mayhaps if they search the seven hells" line.
Those were true about Aemond as well (but 10 times worse). Let’s take a look at how differently those characters are viewed by the audience after the show came out. Oh yeah…   I don’t even think the show is necessarily pro black or pro green. The writers just favor certain characters and they’re not even being subtle about it either. We’ve seen the greens they like get whitewashed, so it’s not even a team bias like people are complaining about.
It absolutely was. Sexism was a very important part of the story but far from the only one. Above all the it was about privilege and the abuse of power - on both sides of the conflict. And that has practically been eliminated here.  The prophecy itself made sure nothing about this conflict is about lust for power or the "game of thrones" anymore. The noble Targs are in it for the cheesy duty to the realm and survival of mankind. Cheap fantasy smut.
Absolutely - far less likeable in the case of Alicent. Yes, she may be less responsible for the war itself, but she's also lost all agency in the process. Whatever else she may have been in the books, she was an astute and charismatic politician and a powerhouse player of the game of thrones; a woman who - for better or for worse - took matters into her own hands.  In the show, she's a paranoid joke of a conservative housewife and a pawn - she's now both antagonistic *and* incompetent.
Corlys, Rhaenys and the kids? Absolutely. I'm just as upset with that as I expected Corlys and Rhaenys to be easy faves among the viewers.
I know Aegon and Sunfyre get fucked up by Rook's Rest, but I fully expect the show to depict him as a sniveling coward who instead of being wounded in a battle is injured attempting to flee before Aemond and Vhagar save him.
they removed Rheanyra's badass dialogue to the green envoys and that was the only powerful moment she has during the entire story. I would not bet on "Mayhaps if they search the seven hells", its going to depend on how they frame Rhaenyra's death
I’m right there with you
Or send ravens line.
One of the biggest marks against HotD is the fact they looped it back around to the lousy last seasons of GoT everyone was hoping to forget. If they had to include that dagger they could have simply left it as another Valyrian heirloom like Blackfyre and Dark Sister.  Like you said, it changes Rhaenyra's motivations for claiming the throne entirely from personal desires to altruistic duties. If there's any silver lining it's that I believe through the loss of sons she'll lose sight of the prophecy and simply give into her own devices and whims.
To be fair it's too early to tell what they will do with Jace but so far he has been somewhat underwhelming,  Daemon's daughters are just standing around doing nothing, Corlys has been declawed, Rhaenys had her one moment and that's it, many of Rhaenyra's questionable acts and flaws have been transferred onto Daemon, stuff like that, while Rhaenyra is a polished up version of her book self.
Yeah, not to mention it gives Rhaenyra a very concrete and convenient excuse to reject the greens' eventual peace offer (dividing up the realm).  In the show, she'll refuse it because she's bound to keep Westeros united to ensure its survival.  They really covered all their bases with this crap, it's ridiculously transparent.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No, she said she was done with the show.
 > i would love if the season perhaps started with her playing with baby Luke or something, then fast forward to the presence where we see adult Rhaenyra again mourning her son deeply  > this just to put emphasis on how much luke’s death affected her and how much damaged it caused to her and eventually the realm  Why would need a flashback of young Rhaenyra and baby Luke in order to show how painful her child’s death is for her? Emma’s performance should be enough to convey that. It’s literally just showing show young Rhaenyra of the sake of showing her. It is a waste of screen time
[removed]
Perhaps a miniscule, near-zero chance. The only time I recall there being a flashback sequences for GoT, all new actors were casted. And technically that was all for a huge reveal, which I don't think there will be for young Rhaenyra.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There is no episode 11 and 12. There were only 10 episodes in season 1.
ideally a season should’ve been 12-13 episodes… would’ve made it so much better
I believe Martin and Condal pushed for a 13 episode season, but HBO were unsure whether hotd would be a hit. Maybe season 3/4?
But...it's not. OP is asking for episodes and 11 and 12, and they just don't exist. Just because they should exist doesn't change reality.
they already dropped the number from 10 to 8 for next season, HBO is never going to agree to anything beyond 10.
HBO doesn’t do more than 10 episodes nowadays for seasons of any show, there was never gonna be more than 10 episodes
Isn't that because they were able to talk HBO into a deal for more for season 3, but in order to get that, they gave up a couple in season 2?
yes, but HBO was looking at the total number of episodes that would be needed to be filmed.  They would not be willing to finance a season that has over 10 episodes.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Profoundly flawed, but such a colorful character. I love how polarizing he is within the fandom, and I'm endlessly entertained by the audacity of his every action. I've known a lot of complex/questionable characters like him IRL, so I guess I feel an odd sense of familiarity with the Targaryens sadly. They are a whole mess and I want the best for them all.  For the people who tell me this is all just "Matt Smith" I wouldn't know; this role is the first I've heard of the guy!
I like Matt Smith and appreciate the chaotic goblin quality Daemon contributes to the story. I also enjoy what a smarmy, violent shitstain he is.  He's what Viserys (Dany's brother, not Dae Dae's) always presumed himself to be. A dragon. And it wouldn't be House of the Dragon without at least one audacious-ass dragon in the guise of a egotistical human.
I….. hate the fact that I love him. But I also love to hate him. Idk. Fuck me😂
I like Daemons complexity. I enjoy his character in both the book and the show. I by no means am justifying his behavior but I like the character. Matt Smith is just icing on the cake.
Really an excellent character. It speaks to how well he is written given how his in-universe characterization has projected into real life. Equally loved and hated in both his own universe and ours.
As a person, hate Daemon. He is an extremely bad dude and against everything I stand for. But I love Matt Smith’s performance and can’t look away any time he’s on screen.
Honestly him and Aemond are the most interesting
I love Daemon. That doesn’t mean I support all of his decisions and actions, but I love what an interesting character he is. He clearly has an incredibly strong sense of duty, honor, and morality, it’s just a different code than those around him follow. He truly believes that his family is superior to all others, puts effort into cultivating the qualities that make them unique, and is incredibly sensitive to any kind of threat to their position or power.  My experience reading the books definitely affects my opinion of him, but I find him a fascinating character that I end up rooting for despite some of his actions.
He’s like season 1 Jaime. Highly impulsive, arrogant, and almost invincible in a certain sense.  Terrible human, great character.
*Over the centuries, House Targaryen has produced both great men and monsters. Prince Daemon was both. In his day there was not a man so admired, so beloved, and so reviled in all Westeros. He was made of light and darkness in equal parts. To some he was a hero, to others the blackest of villains.*
I like him more than the book version who I hated so I guess they did something right for me in the adaptation. It’s mainly that I don’t get the same sense of annoying worshiping of Daemon on the show as I did from GRRM. He’s fun to watch,entertaining and unpredictable,has an interesting dynamic with his family. I don’t really care if he’s a good person or not tbh as long I enjoy his scenes.
He’s a monster, but I love the actor.
I adore him, he's by far my favorite. He's an asshole but he's so unapologetic about it. He's also charming, confident, charismatic and badass which makes him very entertaining to watch. I also love how he has some softer moments sprinkled here and there. Matt Smith plays him brilliantly and judging by his input in certain scenes, he seems to really get the character.
Love him, great character, entertaining, unpredictable, Matt’s killing it in the role.
He's a war criminal, but he's my favourite war criminal.
I love him. His nonchalant attitude and BDE in this type of universe is very entertaining to watch. Plus, Matt has given his character so much nuance, charisma, and rizz that I can’t help but be hooked.
He's the woooorst but I love him for it. Completely reprehensible but charming and charismatic when he needs to be. He's a ticking time bomb for the Blacks, will he try to ursurp Rhaenyra? Will he attack his blood relatives in earnest (he didn't even blink about Vaemond who was a cousin)? What will he do to obtain his goals, which align very loosely with the main Black branch? It's so exciting because he is such a loose cannon, he has never allied with anyone but his brother, now he is dead and Daemon is spiraling. Lovely character.
I love him. He's fun to watch!
He was one of my favorite Targs before the show. I don't know I think his general baddassery just always got me. Then I thought Matt Smith might ruin the character for me, but boy was I wrong.
To me, he's very much a "typical" Targaryen. Arrogant and entitled in an "I'll take what is mine with fire and blood" kind of way, but charismatic as well, with skill to back up those claims.  Don't get me wrong, I love Targaryens. They're so much fun to watch, but I wouldn't want to know any in real life.
Best character in the franchise.
He’s awful and I love him
I just love him as a bad guy.
I love him. Loved him in the books, loved him in the show.  I think Matt Smith did an excellent job of characterising Daemon Targaryen.  Edit: typo 😑
I don’t know about the character, but I love Matt Smith! I did find the character interesting though; he is very complexed!
Love him and hate him. Can be both incredibly cruel and incredibly loyal. Total narcissist.
I love him because he’s Matt Smith, wasn’t seeing him playing a GOT character so I was surprised. He brings such acting to make the character come to life and overall he is a perfect character in my opinion ❤️🖤
I'm a suckered for chaotic characters so like.
There's something so watchable about an absolute disaster man doing his worst.
Daemon is the last true Targaryen dragonlord. I love him, but not because he’s a great guy - obviously. And if I knew him, if he were a real person, I’d likely have a different opinion. But as a character in a story, Daemon is all the things that keep me drawn in and interested. “What is he gonna do next?” 😉
I love his character because you never know what he’s going to do, but I wouldn’t want to go drinking with him because you never know what he’s going to do…
i hate to love him. like a lot of GOT/HOD he's perfectly cast despite not always written to full potential. Yeah he's a bad person but he's an amazing foil to Viserys and Otto. I doubt the show would be a success without him.
Yes I love the only character that makes the show interesting, obviously.
I am of the opinion that show Daemon would have far less fans and there would be far less supporters of Daemyra(worst popular ship since Harley Quinn & the Joker) if he was played by anyone with less talent than Matt Smith.  He is a cruel, selfish, immature man. He’s also a serial killer, bad father, and spousal abuser. He treats his family like shit half the time.   Matt Smith is incredibly charismatic and so Daemon is entertaining most of the time.
I think he’s a good “how am I supposed to feel about you?” Character. He does some cruel questionable things, but he also fights fiercely for those he loves. It’s incredibly confusing. I like him, and hate him all at once
lowkey love him for the complex character he is. one moment i’ll be like “that’s my man daemon the fuckin GOAT” and the next i’ll be like “you need therapy you incestuous groomer POS”. it’s great
I neither love him nor hate him. He is just a dark cool fellow and over.
I love him cz bro it's daemon yk
hes a piece of shit but a fantastic fucking character
Love him.  Fearless, fierce, funny, loyal to his brother.   I would like him in real life, but he's a fantastic character.
We love chaos!
Love him
Best character in the series
I love him because I was obsessed with Inuyasha as a kid and I loved Sesshomaru.  I am aware that this is unhealthy.
🫶🏾😍
💞him
It really says something about Matt Smith that you can LIKE this character even though he is pretty darn awful sometimes. I like that shade of grey, both good and evil in Daemon and he it is unpredictable which side you'll get!  He also seems to be one of the only Targaryans who is really in touch with the dragons more than any others, and I find this interesting.  He literally was singing to a dragon. Ok!  So I guess (at least for now) he's the anti-hero of the show.
This picture is a god damn thirst trap. Luckily he doesn't also have his short hair here cuz I'd be a goner.
I Hope we get to see more of him next season 🥵🤤🤤🤤
I love the complexity and chaotic nature of his character, definitely my favorite in the show so far.
He is a terrible person, if he were to be here in real life, but from a story perspective, he is one of the best characters and played perfectly by Matt Smith.
He ight
Matt Smith is the only thing likable about him to me.
We love him because he is a sexy beast. Lol
After some reflection today, I've come to the conclusion that I like him as a character because Daemon is Vegeta from Dragon Ball Z if Vegeta had better lines, a sick sword, a personal-dragon and was overall just more successful.
I love to watch him on screen/read of him on the page - he's a powerful, unpredictable and interesting character.  I'd like as not detest the man if I had to bear him IRL.  Daemon is profoundly an *asshole.* His love for Viserys while strong is toxic as all hells, he outright grooms his niece and kills people without much qualms.   He's also a clearly charismatic and capable figure - and loyal to Viserys in his own way.
He's unpredictable, completely ruled by his emotions and instincts. Whenever he enters a situation, I'm on the edge of my seat.   I love him as a character - I'd hate to know someone like him in real life, but he really makes HOTD exciting for me
I love the character. Best Targaryen we’ve seen in the show.
The most interesting characters in GOT were the flawed ones that embodied the whole "shade of gray" trope: characters who were presented as having a changeable nature morally and whose journey through the narrative hinged on the choices they made.  Jaime Lannister comes to mind immediately when considering Daemon's appeal. Both are attractive in their own way, though Jaime more conventionally so; both are fairly martial characters, though Jaime is a bit more talented in that department; both are enraptured by a romance that would be condemned by modern standards; both have done despicable things for their own personal gain. They're the "hunky bad boy" types.   The most interesting thing about Jaime, of course, was the development of his character, at least in seasons 1-5 before things started to go off the rails. He went from a violent, impulsive, reckless butcher—who would casually throw an innocent young boy out of a tower window, presumably to his death—to embody the qualities represented by the white cloak of the Kingsguard.  Unfortunately I fear Daemon won't be going on any such journey, as his character arc is largely complete and what we see is more or less the finished product. Still, he has huge presence as a character with devious charm and a devil-may-care attitude, portrayed deliciously by Matt Smith, and it's not hard to believe that he's emerged as a fan favorite.
I adore Matt Smith and he's on fire in this role, so I enjoy watching Daemon. But as a person, it's definitely curious how he's pretty much cut from the same cloth as Ramsay and Joffrey, but because he's loyal to Rhaenyra and has a bond with her, a lot of casual fans don't see it.  EDIT: I'm not saying he's *as bad* as Ramsay/Joffrey, but he has the same violent tendencies, the same lack of forethought, and the same inner conflict between crippling insecurity and narcissistic delusion. Daemon is definitely more like Joffrey than he is Tywin. While he gets a few "Pet the dog" moments, his positive relationships aren't the healthiest either. He groomed Rhaenyra, and is shown to be physically abusive to her.
he's fun to watch, but if Daemon is exist in real life, pretty sure i don'f want him to be my king/political leader, i also don't want to deal/meet with him  he's egoistical maniac and never cared for people except himself and his immediate family
Love him. Everybody in HotD is a terrible person, he just is being one more interestingly.
Love him. He's a true dragon
I don’t really have that much of an opinion on him??? He is interesting no doubt but I don’t really like care about him all that much. Not in the way I care for Rheanyra, Alicent and their kids.  What I do love about him however is how controversial he is in the fandom because I feel like this is what they were going for. You have one half who see him as the HERO of the story while the other sees him as the worst villian. Even in the books he’s highly controversial and I had my doubts about how they were gonna do it on the screen and for all that’s worth they did it very well. Just for that he’s a good character.  I personally don’t have such strong feelings for him. I don’t love nor hate him. I’m not bored by him so that’s good enough I guess
I love him as a character but hate him as a person. All sorts of terrible but it makes the character interesting to watch.
Conflicted. He's the best of both sides.
bad person but hot
Love they guy.. he’s a bad boy with a soft side for his family
Love him. He’s got that calm intensity you want from a dragon warrior/ prince.
He is the best hotd character
Love him. Matt Smith has blown me away!! I loved Doctor Who but holt cow this is way different. 11 was goofy, Daemon is sexy and it's crazy that this show managed to make him so sexy when, before this, I didn't even think he was cute! Daemon is a fun character, really good, one of those Cersei type people who you know they're messed up but you love to watch it.
I know I'll be downvoted to death but I really hate him both as a person and as a character. He's obviously a terrible human being but that's not a problem for me, I've liked worse characters. Yet he just does nothing for me. I don't really see "grayness" in him, being a shitty whiny little brother and being obsessed with your niece aren't redeeming qualities in my opinion. He's just an entitled brat through and through and I hate that the show simultaneously makes him worse than the book version and tries to make us root for him simply because he's on the "good" side.  And I hate the comparisons with Jaime, even early seasons Jaime. Jaime has always been a much better brother to Tyrion than Daemon has ever been to Viserys, and even in the early seasons he already carried his burden of broken dreams and being a kingslayer (we just didn't know it yet). I don't see that kind of depth in Daemon, he's just a "reckless badass dragon" and that's not a terribly original characterization.  With all that said, nothing against Matt Smith, he seems like a really cool guy and a good actor.
Show daemon has done nothing to make me like him besides murder his wife, smirk, and quip.
He has the most fascinating character arc. There's nothing black-and-white or predictable about him, and that's what makes him so intriguing to watch. Neither love nor hate - just mesmerised.
Daemon is a c***t but he is  fun to watch same goes with ewan as aemond, both of them are controversial characters so far in the show but I think that makes them  a delight to watch
Daemon is the man. I don’t give a fuck about someones morals in a tv show. Dude is a certified badass
I thought he was whiny and annoying but carried by Matt Smith’s charisma. I also don’t see him as morally grey or complex like some people do.
Best character on the show. Deeply flawed bad ass.
I did love him until he bashed his wife’s head in w a rock & then choked his new wife lol
Daemon isn't a gray character, in my opinion.
Best character in the show by far
Best character in the show
I like the unpredictability the character brings to each individual scene, although I don't feel he carries much to the overall story when compared to the other characters.
He’s evil and selfish but he does what needs to be done.
he's too brash for me
I love him because he simply doesn't give a fuck what people think and he will do anything to protect the ones he loves, especially his children.
I love Daemon, he’s chaotic, ruthless but somehow caring at the same time for the ones he loves. But he’s always himself, no one can make him alter who he is. He’s a true unhinged Targaryen in every sense and makes the lore & show 10x more interesting, you honestly never know what he’s gonna do next
I respect Daemon, everything he does is by his code if good or bad. While a life with no regret is impossible, if you can look back at your choices and accept  that's all that matters
Someone on this post said earlier that Daemon is the last, true, Targaryen Dragonlord. When you add Viserys’ remark in the show that  Targaryen blood is “restless and chaotic”, you’ve got the key! I was worried that Matt Daemon couldn’t carry it off, but I also thought that about his portrayal of Prince Phillip in “The Crown”, and boy was I wrong!! Should’ve learned my lesson! Matt successfully integrates the chaotic side of Daemon’s character with the fiercely loyal to family side. Daemon does nothing in increments. I don’t think he’s awful at all, simply willing to win or protect his family at any cost. So far the “winning” and “protecting” are mutually inclusive. Time will tell if that changes….
Masculinity, charisma, confidence and swagger, with moments of softness and chivalry sprinkled in. How could I not adore him??
A terrible person, but a great character nonetheless.
I love him unapologetically he is zaddy no matter WHAT!! PERIODT!!!  🖤
Daemon is a true Tolkienesque hero. You can tell because of the color schemes in his scenes. If he wasn’t the good guy why would he always be in the light like Gandalf
He’s toxic but has redeeming qualities. I can relate to that so I kinda like him.
I absolutely loved him in the beginning.  Like he's a terrible person but he definitely is the falvour up to like episode 5 then he's just annoying to me personally. In hindsight he's not very likable in the beginning either though I would've liked them to go the 'Daemon likes Rhaenyra because Viserys' route as it would've made him look a little less like a man child in the beginning.   Also morally grey character?  With all the cut scenes *maybe* but if you solely watch the series he's just a murderer with a Targaryen supremacy complex.  He's doing it for his fam? The daughters he neglects and the queen he straight up ignores/abuses?  If anything he looks like he's doing it for the power.   What I don't like is how it's usually his stans that will excuse *anything* like you're allowed to like a character and still have a moment of "wow that was bad" when he kills someone with a rock or like...grooms his niece idk.  Also they're usually the ones coming after others who are tryna stan in peace so yeah I feel like his fan base really put me off him.
He’s a grey character for a reason. He is a villain but yet the show made him out to be amazing. So yes I’m a big fan of him lol he is a bad boy you just can’t help but love. Matt smith did fantastic bringing daemon to life and giving him levels
He was fun at first but after a while the whole "the rules don't apply to me because I'm special" mentality got grating, and kind of boring to be honest. He's predictable in his douchiness and he nevers gets called on it in a meaningful way. IDK, maybe later on when he gets challenged or facing real consequences (and not Viserys' brand of never real punishment), seeing how he reacts to it or develops will make him interesting again. But for now he's more a formula then a character: asshole does douchy thing, gets "punishment" for it, ignores that, gets away with it, rinse and repeat as needed.
He's a mutt and a niece-fucker.
Hate him. Only character I hate more is Larys.
Meh
He'a fun to watch but i don't have much sympathy for him given that he killed his own wife and tried to groom a teenage relative into having sex with him. He doens't even have a tragic backstory to explain his actions the way Tyrion or Sandor do.
Love the character. Even after his brother betrays him he still has love for him and is at his side when he needs him. Vicious to his enemies and the enemies of his family. Walks with two brass balls between his legs. Fate can be cruel though.
Easy= old, boring, ugly.= Daemon
I love him in a sense of a he's a warrior and going after what he wants but besides that he's a shit character lol. Toxic ain't even the word
He gives me the ick, especially in early episodes . And his actions aren't anything I find likeable and every woman he's with (in marriage and/or romantically) deserves better. I don't like portrayals of grooming depicted in positive light either so he especially was icky in the first several episodes.
Very skeevy.  Cross between Donald Trump and some random guy in a porn movie theater. And he sounds like he’s been inhaling air from a birthday helium balloon.
Don't really hate him, he's fine. Just hate the weirdo stans that say he's a "grey" character
I prefer the book version. Show-Daemon sucks the air out of the room and gives no breathing space for other characters.
Murder.  Royce.  Stone.  Wake up.
I get the impression it's mainly people attracted to men that have a strong opinion on him.  As a straight dude I think he's a decent character, little fucked up with his own weird sense of honour and justice, nice and grey as a ASOIAF character should be. Nothing particularly stands out to me as a reason to discuss him any more than any other character though.
Bc everyday a new chumba asking same question read previous threads,
.
I was really disappointed when he grabbed Rhaenyra (? Been so long I can’t remember) by the throat. Up to that point, it seemed like his love for her was somehow redeeming, but his behavior toward her suggests less love and more manipulation in order to grab power. I know… lots of people going, “duh!” But he’s fascinating, and I want to admire him, but he keeps revealing an unattractive underside, which is incredibly real: people are freaking complicated. Like my own hubby: sometimes he acts like a textbook sociopath, and other times, he’s doing amazing, heroic stuff. And he has white hair, so I admit I want to put a long white wig on him. And a sword. And leather armor… Hmmm, I think I get why Daemon attracts me.
I love Daemon, reading the book I always pictured Alexander Skarsgård playing him.
# A ROCK SOLID HUSBAND
he’s cool but has one of the more annoying fandoms out there.
As a person he is horrible. As a character he is interesting and have a lot of charisma.
He's honestly really uninteresting. I have no idea what George sees in him.
His character has a lot of issues, but somehow I see it as  super hot! 🔥😍
 Such a weird name ?
I think it's a combination of Matt Smith + framing + cool scenes + pairing him with the popular main female character.  But tbh, this type of "villain-like/bad boy" character is usually a fan fave. Klaus/Daemon/Elijah from TVD come to mind, for example.
Only thing I've seen of Matt Smith before this was his Morbius dance lol
Matt Smith was one of the best Doctors on Doctor Who.  Very similar bravado, but of course much nicer than Daemon.  Matt also tends to be a very physical actor with gestures, postures, and voice.  While on DW, it was said he conveyed wonderfully a very old soul in a young body.
>For the people who tell me this is all just "Matt Smith" I wouldn't know; this role is the first I've heard of the guy!  This! I only knew the guy by name and I wasn't sure if he'd fit in this part. He had me hooked from his first appearance.
I love this take. Daemon is what Targaryen exceptionalism looks like when the Targs are at the zenith of their power…he genuinely doesn’t think the rules apply to him and he’s got the dragon to back it up. That’s what makes it so understandable that he’s frustrated by his brother’s aversion to using dragons/brute force to rule. He’s an absolutely terrible person, but his motivation and the foil he plays to Otto make the story so much more interesting.
That's actually a really interesting comparison
Yes!
Same. It bugs me that I love him.
He’s an amazing actor, and he’s really making Daemon far more interesting than I thought anyone could
To me Aemond is just the Scrappy Doo to Daemon's Scooby. He really wants to be just like Daemon when he grows up, making the story that much more tragic as it plays out.
Great post.  I agree with all this.  He is the one I root for and definitely perk up when he’s on screen.
Question answered.
Everyone in this universe is a murderer soo u hate rhaenyra too then because she killed the servant just as much as daemon
Agreed. I find Matt Smith annoying in everything I’ve seen him in he’s my least favorite performance in the show. But I recognize that is an unpopular, minority opinion. I do think Matt Smith has the talent/looks to cause a lot of people to simp for him. And because of that simp factor, people tend to focus on Daemyra shipping, Daemon’s cool demeanor, is tough guy scenes, etc and ignore, justify, or downplay all the truly horrendous shit his character has done. He’s clearly not the hero of this story, unless he goes through a Jaime level character arc. But the fandom sure treats him like the hero.
This makes perfect sense to me!:D
I think Daemon is a notch better just because Ramsay and Joffrey are cruel simply for their amusement.  Daemon is cruel and brutal but his ruthlessness is generally reserved as a means to an end. He's not just going to kill some random person for entertainment.   I'm not saying that justifies his actions - just that he's a notch better than Ramsey and Joffrey.
Any person that's cut from the same cloth as Ramsey and Joffrey wouldn't be loyal or have a bond with anyone.
>cut from the same cloth as Ramsay and Joffrey  there really is no comparison to be made; when making certain decisions and taking certain actions that are morally questionable he does so with a mindset similar to that of Tywin Lannister, not Joffrey or Ramsey, and like Tywin Lannister he knows when to use less drastic measures to manage a situation, unlike Joffrey or Ramsey.  Daemon would not have had Ned Stark beheaded like Joffrey did or treated Sansa the way he did, Daemon would not have killed his father, mother-in law, and brother like Ramsay did and certainly wouldn't have done what Ramsay did to Sansa
You’re getting downvoted but yeah in the show alicent, rhaenerya & their kids are far more interesting characters imo
Daemon used his own funds to raise an army to defend his brother and was ready to fight in defence of his brother.  What did Viserys do for Daemon?  Viserys wouldn't even annul Daemon's shitty marriage to Rhea even though Rhea wasn't keen on the marriage either.
I don't agree or disagree with you but why do you think that?
Bro literally called Daemon a "tolkienesque hero". Do you realize just how much evil this guy has done?
When did Viserys betray him?
I'm attracted to women and have a bit of a crush on Emma D'Arcy. My favourite character in the show is Daemon.
Who’s going to scroll through hundreds if not thousands of threads just to see if someone asked this question already? If you don’t like these posts, scroll past them. But people are allowed to have these discussion especially new people who just join in and want to have this discussion.
I think The Doctor did a pretty good job
That's fair. I've compared him to the likes of Bram Stoker's Dracula in the past; a character who does truly reprehensible stuff on-screen but is loved by women everywhere to this day. Bad boys aren't going anywhere as a concept folks are just gonna have to deal with that one.  But I wouldn't give all the credit to Matt Smith's acting. He's brought the character to life but even without having read the book I think he's been given a solid blueprint to start from. One could do a whole case-study on some of the individuals in this story...
[removed]
Truly one of his greatest gifts to humanity.
My favorite modern era Dr. Who.  Fish fingers and custard!
One of the scenes that I think portrays the character is the close up of the guy that is being fed to the crabs. Damon comes in on Ceraxys and the guy starts screaming in elation that everyone is in trouble now Daemon is here. The guy screams out “I’m here my lor….!!!” He barely gets it out before Ceraxys lands and steps on him crushing him to death.  It’s the general theme of Daemon is going to get shit done, whatever the cost.
I personally see Aemond as a more sympathetic and tragic version of Daemon.   Aemond grew up under the implicit threat of death by the hands of his own sister for being a potential challenge to the Throne, bullied and mutilated. And he rose up to all of that by claiming the biggest dragon in the world and doing his best to become both a good fighter and an intellectual.   Daemon for all his badassery, didn't have such a hard backstory and seems to me like the medieval equivalent of a problematic and aggressive executive who doesn't contribute that much to the company but gets away with all of his shit because he is family with the owner.   I guess my point is, I see Aemond as more of an underdog (even if he has a dark twist) than Daemon who gleefully enjoys being at the top of his social circle and doing whatever he wants without consequence. That's why I find the former more sympathetic.
If Criston had reminded Joffrey or Ramsay that they were the one who unhorsed them at the tournament instead of laughing and praising the comeback Joffrey would have tried to get Criston executed while Ramsay would have ended up getting Criston abducted, thrown in a dungeon, and personally tortured and mutilated by Ramsay himself, and then fed to his dogs.
In no way is Daemon's mindset even close to that of Tywin.  Tywin is extremely pragmatic, calculating, calm and strategic and makes no move unless he is certain he will win.   Daemon acts impulsive with zero regard for possible future consequences or politics.  He's not as willfully cruel as Joffrey or Ramsay but *definitely* closer to their mindset than Tywins.
The 101 Council made a serious mistake naming Viserys king
Yeah Viserys never asked him to do it, quite the opposite, he was explicitly against it. Also Corlys was the richest man in the realm at the time so I'm pretty sure most of those funds were his.
His actions are just pure psychotic.
Did we watch the same show? Daemon is literally perfect in every way.
He didn't, he gave Daemon a pass on pretty much everything but going after his kids. The only two times Viserys forced Daemon out of his court was after Daemon publicly called his recently deceased son the "heir for a day" and after Daemon orchestrated the brothel incident in an attempt to force Viserys to marry Rhaenyra to him. Even after those two heinous acts, Viserys still welcomed him back again and again.
Oh he is great too.
I liked his work before HOTD, but after it, I have devoured all his work. I have watched Doctor Who, The Crown, and a few of his movies. He’s a magnificent actor (seeing him as Doctor Who really cemented that for me-I can see why so many were against his casting as Daemon. Both roles are vastly different and he nails them both perfectly!).   As to why he’s liked-you hit the nail on the head. He’s a bad boy. That’s what women go for. I’m sorry, Harwin was all nice and sweet and all, but he’s boring. Nice and sweet is good for a real life partner (although some spice is often needed) but makes for boring AF TV. There have been studies made about how women are very attracted to dangerous men (protection). I love Daemon because he’s a sociopath and because he can be seen as evil. But he loves his family. That’s what humanizes him and that’s why so many love him.
I watched the Crown for his sake. Once I'm done with it I'm going to watch Doctor Who as well!
Just shows that he has no regard for common folks, just as the slaughter of Flea Bottom. Yet, at the same time, the Gold Cloaks are devoted to him and he is well-known and liked throughout Kings Landing. He can be terribly charming when he wants to be.
More sympathetic,
Aemond has a much more sympathetic story.  Being a prince who lost eye at a young age with death looming over his death. He worked himself to be a dragon rider and a good fighter. He is the way because of his surroundings.  Daemon, on the other hand, is a drama queen. He was heir for a long time. Even then, he acted as petulant child throughout.
Agreed that Aemond has more sympathetic qualities and experiences that shape him as opposed to Daemon's princely entitlement. To me, at least, his admiration of Daemon early on makes the evolution really poignant. Daemon is just the amalgamation, imho of the classic GRRM characters with obvious glaring flaws who would normally be written into narrative as villains, but get the more complex character development of real life. Most of us are shades of grey and at times in life make bad decisions based on love, lust, anger, jealousy, etc., but still have redeemable cores. Granted we don't kill our current SOs to marry a family member, but...baby steps. They are the unmitigated ego of the dragon, after all.  The redeemable part is KEY. Martin wrote Joffrey, for example, as a true sadist. We don't see redeemable qualities in him. Both he and Ramsey practice cruelty for the sheer enjoyment of it, whereas Daemon's actions usually have intent and objective behind them, though equally brutal. Ramsey perhaps has the strife that he was born a bastard, but that's where it ends. That's where I would argue that Martin's intentions for Daemon are obviously different than those two. I am just adding that because I keep seeing the comparison on this post, and I don't think that's Martin's intention with Daemon.
No he is not definitely more closer in mindset to Joffrey or Ramsey than he is to Tywin, this will become more apparent as the show progresses.
There were a lot of complications involved though, for example would Laenor sit the throne as Laenor Velaryon or Laenor Targaryen?  In the show Viserys and Corlys come to a specific agreement over the issue of succession to ensure that Rhaenyra's heir would sit the throne as a Targaryen.  Corlys is a very ambitious man, what would have happened if Laenor sat the throne but under the influence of Corlys had done so as a Velaryon?  Of course, in hind-sight, there is also the issue of Laenor being gay and supposedly not being able to father children (although this is not so clear in the book), if Laenor sat the throne and he was as depicted in the show what would have happened to the line of succession? So when you take this into consideration, even though the council could not have foreseen this at the time, did choosing Viserys over Laenor actually turn out to be the worse option?
When succession is passed on to Viserys instead of Laenor, word gets out that Corlys is preparing to challenge the succession through force and Daemon in anticipation of this immediately goes out to raise an army to defend Viserys against any possible armed intervention from Corlys.
Smh apparently this guy thinks that fighting off the orcs of kings landing with the city watch is evil. I can’t even
Black saffron today 🥰
Exactly this, I like daemon but I like show aemond more because his character has more depth
I've read the books multiple times and nah, it really doesn't change.
Rose Prick :D
so how would have Joffrey or Ramsay handled Harrenhal for example
Must try. Prick is apt.
Daemon literally just flew in on his dragon, threatened to burn everyone and Simon Strong surrendered the castle?   Yeah thats definitely way closer to the Joffrey and Ramsay approach to things, than Tywins diplomatic skeeming lol  Counter question: Would Tywin (while married) directly ignore his wife and queen for some pussy, ultimately dealing a major blow to their war effort by losing them one of their most powerful dragons?
the dragon is part of the negotiation, what the F are you even trying to say here, that Tywin would not have flown his dragon there if he had one?  Joffrey or Ramsey would have flown in there and started blasting the place, that is the difference you fail to comprehend.  As for your counter question, go back and read the book, Rhaenyra didn't care about Daemon cheating on her, she basically teams up with Daemon's mistress who she had no issues with, her paranoia was over her belief that the seeds were conspiring against her, which had nothing to do with Daemon.
?   Maybe you should go back and read the book, because while her distrust of Dragonseeds did play a role, F&B clearly names the relationship with Daemon as the reason she demanded her head lol  >Lady Mysaria, once Daemon's paramour, fed the Queen with rumors of Nettles and Daemon's relationship. Rhaenyra raged, declaring that Nettles used spells to bond with Sheepstealer and to seduce the prince. The queen sent a raven to Manfryd Mooton, Lord of Maidenpool, ordering him to deliver Nettles's head but not to do Daemon any harm, only to tell him to return to the capital.  But I mean yeah lol, if your interpretation of Tywins character is that if he had a dragon the first thing he would do is hop on it with no backup and fly behind enemy lines into a castle and start yelling threats, idk what to tell you lmao
unbelievable, you contradict yourself to the point of it being embarrassing.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Blacks? Greens? I'm with the pink.
I feel like Haeleana wanted to go see it and Otto forced everyone else to go as well as forcing Aegon to be the one asking for tickets
Helaena is super excited for it, Alicent is interested and making Aegon and Aemond come because Helaena was dragged along to see TNMT. Otto is going but is going to fall asleep.
any time i see this picture, Alicent reminds me of those really old pre-Renaissance religious paintings bc they have those exact same poses 🤣
oh oh oh yeah
Three adults and two kids, please.
Even the Greens forget about Daeron
Sometimes it feels like some people feel like they're required to make x new posts every day in order to continue to be a member of the sub.
They sure don't seem like they're looking forward to see it lol, but who can blame them?
So the daughter looks like the mom. The oldest looks like the king.  And the one eyed guy looks like his grandpa. . . .  Um.
Yea some crazy sibling marriage. Kin slaying barbie  rated NC 17
Aegon looks like he has to get the tickets and he wants to make Helaena happy but also just wants to drink himself to death.
Come on Targy, let's go party
Pink dread?
This is exactly what happened.
Argon and Aemond will call each other Ken for weeks afterwords!
What are you talking about, Otto is definitely the biggest fan!
and the others will have to pretend like they also like it too so as not to kill her enthusiasm, but Aegon will act like a prick and say that it sucks to which he will get a slap from Alicent for
😕😭
Literally not in the show yet or he would be here. Trust me they didn't forget about him..... Trust me 😮‍💨
this is a fun post…live laugh love maybe ? + this is what my third or fourth post here ?💀
Is almost as if looks are encoded in genetics and looking similar to your direct family members is completely normal
One eye looks like his uncle
it’s literally a fun sub to talk ab the greens not that serious 😭
You're not going to believe this but there's a sub for both Team Black and Team Green.
Wah-Ah-Ah DRACEARYS
I wish I could give you an award 😅
Otto would definitely take Haelena to whatever show his grandbaby girl wants.
Otto has totally threatened the boys into pretending they enjoy it.
Live, love, laugh….in fire and blood.
And 3rd barbie meme posted here today.
You can bleach my hair, incest me anywhere
Meanwhile Daeron breathing a sigh of relief for not being there
i didn’t know me & other people posting barbie would be triggering my bad
I’m King’s Landing  My eggs are hatching
Don’t mind them, they just hate how good the new Barbie movie looks
Ffs
This is trolling at this point and I’m here for it
He'd play an amazing custodes
Henry is the love of my life. He just doesn't know I exist.
no it isn't. why would I troll about it
There’s a Henry Cavill post every day
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We’re heading to Plywood Hall!
Doesnt look like Winterfell or the Eyrie so it most likely an extension to the Red Keep
Awesome, so they did upgrade Casterly Rock!
OMG YES LETS GOOO
Gotta be Harrenhal. I really hope they do a good job of showing the scale.
So it begins.
It’s getting there…
Here it begins!!
These guys need to be hired to do traditional construction cause I know they work fast to get things done haha not gonna take them 10yrs to finish an expressway or something haha
Oof. Someone’s getting fired.
This is desperate as it gets 😂 what information are we even meant to get from this. Smh
Holy shit technology increased so much! They already have cranes
Exited about the upcoming Greens VS Blacks especially
Thats where Vaemond messed up. Plywood Hall wasn't good enough, he had to reach for the Driftwood thorne
I think it's Harrenhal
Probably a new location like Rook's Rest.
Casterly plywood sheets
No. So it ends.
Someone leaked a picture of the scene where Jon stabs Dany. I'm sure this person will be fine.
Its better than nothing
They dont film in order, they started with ep 7 for season 1. Who knows when theyre gonna be using the new sets in the next 10 months
I think they already used a specific castle for the front of harrenhal in season one? correct me if I'm wrong.
And so begins >!The Dying of Dragons!< :(
Yeah but since we'd be expending more time on it they'd need an actual set for it for season 2 onwards.
But the battles will be worth the price of HBO
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I know this is a matter of opinion, but you really have to be deluded to think anyone on this list is worse than Ramsey. Joffrey was an unrepentant little shit but Ramsey's in a class of his own all day. Its downright dishonest to suggest than anyone else comes close.
Ramsey is the only one with zero redeeming qualities.
Easily Ramsey
Book Euron
Literally no one is getting close to Ramsey. He was literally the devil himself.
I voted Ramsay. Let's break it down a bit (only expressing my opinion here):  * Despite all his flaws and crimes, I would say that Aegon II is not evil. He's not a good person, he's been known to rape handmaidens and how he treats his children is atrocious. However, I wouldn't say that he does it out of pure malevolence. He just doesn't care. He wants to do what he wishes without thinking about the consequences. He's a danger to people around him (and to himself), but I wouldn't call that evilness. He's just... bad. * Joffrey definitely ranks up as one of the cruelest person depicted in the GoT/HotD series. He torments people because he takes pleasure in making them suffer. Only the way he behaved with Sansa, from beginning to end, is eloquent regarding his sadistic nature, and when you add his other victims (Tyrion, the singer, Ros, etc. etc.), it only confirms how cruel his mind is. Like Aegon II, he doesn't seem to care about the consequences of his actions, though with a different perspective (Aegon is just extremely negligent and ignores others' people feelings, Joffrey acknowledges them but dismisses them because he is the king and thinks that it gives him every right. Out of the whole list, he is the second most evil to me, only "bested" by Ramsay because he has one flaw that Ramsay has not: cowardice. * Transitioning to Ramsay then. Ramsay shares many cruel aspects with Joffrey. He enjoys tormenting and torturing people, Theon only being the most visible of them but let's not forget of Ramsay treats his bedwarmers once he grows tired of them. Ramsay truly is unhinged in his cruelty, which is even more frightening when you think that, unlike Joffrey, he doesn't even have the excuse of "I'm the King" to hide behind. And unlike Joffrey, Ramsay isn't a coward, as demonstrated for example when he fights the Ironborn armorless. His cruelty seems limitless, but unlike Joffrey who will sometimes not dare give reality to his evil ideas, Ramsay displays some sort of "insane bravery" that really places him above Joffrey in terms of evilness. * Otto isn't really evil. Or, if we include him in the list, then Tywin should be included too, and Tywin would actually be considered worse than Otto (as is, crueler). Otto is manipulative and ambitious, many of his acts are questionable, but that alone does not make him evil. He is a pure player of the game of thrones. * Daemon, while unhinged in his own way, is dangerous, obsessed with the idea of Targaryen superiority and claim to power. He murdered his wife in cold-blood. He's driven by his own agenda and ambition, trying to place himself in positions where he is able to contribute to his family's domination over the Seven Kingdoms. He's a murderer, he's not a good person; at least he has the redeeming quality of being a loving father to his daughters. Is he evil? I wouldn't say so. (book spoiler)>!Not yet anyways!< * Aemond. Similar to Daemon (not surprising given that the shows seems to portray them as mirroring each other). The fact that he seems absolutely shocked at the idea that he caused the death of Lucerys tells me that he is not evil (though it can be debated that he is shocked because he did not want Lucerys to die and feels sorry about it, or because he is aware that he basically crossed the point of non-return and that total war is now inevitable, or both). He's traumatized by his youth and the whole "Pink Dread and One-Eyed Aemond", and as a result his morality is warped and set him on a revenge path. We'll see where the show takes him with that.
Why is Joffrey on the same list as the degenerates?   He is the cutest and kindest boy to walk the seven kingdoms.
Seriously? Joffery isn't even in the top three? The kid cut open a cat and ripped out its unborn babies because he was bored.
... Dammit, I voted before I clicked on the post and didn't see what it was actually asking. I thought it was another "who's your favorite of these characters" lol. So one of the Daemon votes should definitely be a Ramsey.
Im shocked that Daemon has more votes than Joffrey😳
Don’t know why daemon is getting so many votes, he is an angel next to ramsey
You are insane if you pick any of the hotd characters It's between joeffery  Ramsey and maaaaybee a teeny bit daemon
How is Daemon over Joffrey? Seriously, how?
Show? Ramsay.  &#x200B;  Books? Aemond and it's not even close.
If we are talking show... Why is Daenerys missing from this list? Ramsey is a sadistic fuck, but Daenerys killed more civilians than anyone on this list.
How does daemon have more votes than joffrey?!?! This reddit is just a daemon hate sub
I mean, it's obviously gotta be Ramsay, but when it comes to HoTD characters alone, I'd say Otto takes the cake.   Literally causes the entire Dance and ruins lives and relationships all because of his own ambition.
Otto shouldn't even be on this list.
Joffrey at least had that worship/admiration for his 'father' and a desire to impress him. Ramsay had something resembling veneration for Roose, but certainly not enough to keep him off the kill list.   Referring to their show counterparts specifically, as I legit can't recall what respective daddy issues (if any) either of them had in the books. IIRC, Joffrey was basically just Ramsay with more of a leash in the books, so props to Jack Gleason for lending more nuance, along with whatever writers contributed to those season 1 scenes with Joffrey and Cersei, that moment at Robert's deathbed.   Props to Iwan Rheon, too. I always liked the somberness with which he chose to depict Ramsay killing Walda and her baby. Like a part of him *almost* feels bad about doing it, but not enough to actually stop.
I would question the scruples of anyone who voted for anyone other than Ramsay,  Joffrey included, let alone for any of the HotD characters.
His love of sausage?
What do you mean?   [He is the kindest man in Westeros, the show is Stark Propaganda!](https://youtu.be/eJptaHqta1Q)
Imho the one with zero redeeming qualities is Joffrey.  Ramsey at least has some abilities, like being a good archer and tactical acumen.  He's still one of the worst human being who ever walker in Westeros, and I think he's more evil than Joffrey. But at least Ramsay can do something.  Joffrey is just a little shit.
He's a talented archer?
He's kind of funny. Humor is important! /s
The most noble child the gods ever put on this good earth 😭
Found Cersei
Joffrey Baratheon
Everyone on this list is an angel next to Ramsay.
I think it's because there's a segment of the fandom that:  1 - hates Daemon with a vehement passion and will vote for him no matter what (assuming the poll is negative), or   2 - loves Daemon (also) with a vehement passion, votes for him no matter what (which is why he usually wins most polls) and most likely didn't see that this is a poll on who's the most evil, or  3 - didn't watch GoT and doesn't know who Ramsey is  😅
Recency bias.  Plus, people who only watched HotD or dropped out of GoT early.  Or maybe people who feel like focusing on the HotD characters since that's technically what this sub is for.
No clue
Personally i voted for Daemon. Didn't read the post and just presumed it was who was more moral or least evil.  I'd vote for Aegon 2 otherwise because he deserves more votes here
Ramsey both. Aemond isn’t even the worst character from the dance here
I don't recall Aemond ever forcing a girl to be raped by dogs, forcibly marrying someone and locking them in a room until they die of starvation after trying to eat their own fingers, or turning anybody into Reek.
Aemond definitely killed more people than her. He’s a fucking lunatic.
I don’t think Otto was evil for what he did and I think most would’ve done the same. When he married Alicent off he did it in the believe that any son of hers would be heir.   Even when he started the war itself. He did because he thought under Aegon would be more stable and because Daemon would’ve fucked him up if he ever came to power. So that was fair.  Honestly from all the peope on the list Otto is the on who will most likely leave you to your own devices and not attack you
Joffrey definitely at least had a certain fear of authority figures which made him somewhat more manageable. With Ramsay not even Tywin would have been safe, Roose is a Tywin like authority figure but that didn't stop Ramsay from murdering him, while Joffrey would not have even dared to get a henchman to take care of Tywin.  Joffrey is a shitty character but the thought that someone like Tywin can control him to a degree while not even someone like Roose could control Ramsay tells quite a lot about who is the far more diabolical one.
In my opinion Otto, Daemon, Aemond and Aegon shouldn’t be in the same list as Joffrey and Ramsey
May he rest in peace. 😭😭😭😭
It's obvious it's the Baratheon, what other Joffrey is the cutest and kindest boy to walk the seven kingdoms?
Ngi I did that Daemon one Daemon so cooool
I agree on Aegon 2. I actually put him too above Daemon in terms of evilness. As shitty as Daemon is, he doesn't have his kids fighting in illegal fighting pits.
I don't recall Ramsay ever comiting genocide.     Ramsay is a nasty piece of shit,and very high up the list,but book Aemond is simply in a class of his own,joined only by Maegor
Right? I have bones to pick with three of those four dudes, but I'd much rather be stuck in an elevator with any of them over fucking Joffrey and Ramsay. Shove both those sickos into an escape pod with only half oxygen capacity and send it into the sun.  Shit, I'll have dinner with Aegon 2 or Otto over two minutes in an elevator with Ramsay.   I left out Daemon because that asshole would take one look at my complete lack of silver-white hair and then bail, leaving me with the bill. Otto would at least pick up the check for the sake of appearances and Aegon would doubtlessly make himself so stupid on alcohol that I'd be the one leaving *him* with the bill.
Did he really tho? The riverlands had no problem finding enough people for their respawning army even after he died.
I just had this image in my mind of Daemon excusing himself to take a bathroom break, and then crawling out of the bathroom window and legging it
If you're not Targeryan enough for him Daemon will probably just "rock" you.
Lets not pretend he isn’t the next one in line after them. Don’t get me wrong he is far behind but he’s next
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ngl when I first saw that pic I thought it was Sheogorath on the right
That hurts but I can see it ☹️
Aenys with teats
[Who Rhaenyra ‘really’ really is](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empress_Matilda)
Rhaenyra was "Maegor with teats"
Rhaenyra wasn't weak like Aenys.
That’s not true Daena actually liked her kids 🤣🤣🤣
Viserys II: maybe they are similar at some point.
Based on the style of the book, you are so dumb to think that it was the accurate thing to depict the characters. The show is canon on its own (even Mushroom is not there and GRRM was happy with it). You just can't accept that Aegon was really a child trafficker rapist in this fictional universe.
Daena actually liked one of her brothers and Aenys children were usurped by his younger brother, so Rhaenyra has more in common with Aenys in that regard.
Dude.... It was nice knowing you, you brave soldier...
Aenys was weak and indecisive, i don't think Rhaenyra's like that, and she's gonna be even less like that, especially when they'll literally call her Maegor with tits
Cheese for Everyone!
Martin did Empress Matilda so freaking dirty with his writing for Rhaenyra. I like Rhaenyra but it’s one of the most insulting fictionalizations of a historical figure I’ve ever seen. Maude certainly didn’t have bastards, was far more competent and brave, wasn’t a tertiary in her own war, had a stronger claim as the only living child, didn’t die horrifically, and later served as an adviser to her child. Even the circumstances of her getting cast out of London by the peasants wasn’t due to horrifically poor leadership. Literally, wtf.
no, Maegor is just Westeros' counterpart to Hitler in regards to how any political figure even slightly unliked will immediately get labelled as Hitler.    Rhaenyra does nothing that justifies her being labelled as Maegor.
That’s an insult to Maegor.
She is
Rhae loves her kids?
Rhae loves her kids. Despite her flies, she is a loving and good mother to her children.
How would anyone know that
People can dislike both Rhaenyra and Aegon you know. Not all of us are projecting on to their favorite fictional characters. Go touch grass.
Tbf he doesn’t try to write facsimiles of the characters and their stories or that’d destroy the creativity and unpredictability. They can have a broad *role* in the history that slots in for a real historical figure but other than that they’re about 50% that figure as a character at most, sometimes with pieces of some other figures’ lives thrown in.
it is not meant to be the retelling of Empress Matilda, George gets influenced from historic events but he doesn't try to reproduce them in a fantasy world one on one.  Inspiration doesn't mean trying to tell the same story in different words.
I doubt Stephen of Balois was a serial rapist or regularly visited child fighting pits either.
Are you confusing the phrases inspired by and based on again?
What about ordering the deaths of Addam and Nettles, forcing lord Mooton to break guest right?
Lmao. I love the confidence in which you said "no" and then proceed to be absolutely wrong. I put my comment in quotation because it is said more than once in reference to her. I wasn't giving my opinion on her.  My comment was a quote said multiple times to describe her in Fire and Blood. The smallfolk of King's Landing came to refer to her as cruel, grasping, and vindictive. They dubbed her "King Maegor with Teats."
Maegor was cruel and did atrocious shyt to smallfolk....but he had to go to war with the faith, or else the dynasty would likely have ended due to Aenys reign.
To compare them is wrong. They were 2 very different types of people.   Aenys biggest problem was his indecisiveness and that he wasn't a great warrior like his father or brother. Instead, he preferred to be a patron to singers mummers and mimes. However, the Kingsguard who trained him said that while he wouldn't make a big name for himself in battle, he wouldn't disgrace himself either. Aenys other big fault was that he was that he trusted everyone and was highly influencable.  Rhaenyra wasn't a fighter/warrior. She was, however, a very headstrong and determined person who used her brain to create partnerships with Lords and Great Lords to form her host. You must also remember that in what would have been her physical prime, she was pregnant over and over giving birth to 5 sons.
A good mother wouldn’t send her child as a messenger to a place anywhere near Vhagar.
It was sarcasm and not meant to be taken seriously
Rhaenyra isn’t even 10% Matilda. I can see stronger similarities between ASOIAF characters and the war of the roses.
That’s what the show chose to do not Martin. Aegon II might be a bigger hedonist than Stephen of Blois but he also made him a badass who overcomes and endures great suffering, kills his rival in epic fashion with witty comebacks, & basically restores order in king’s landing before his assassination. He was a horribly fucked up person but he has positive traits.   Rhaenyra doesn’t get a single skill(despite randomly being the youngest dragon rider of all time) nor does she achieve a single victory that didn’t come from someone else in her faction. She never even has a single halfway decent idea. She was literally taking orders from her 14 year old son at one point. Lol.   I’m not even sure she has an idea at all. Even her poor ones are advice from her councilors.   Martin put 10x more heart, care, & effort into writing Aegon II compared to Rhaenyra. It’s obvious he was Martin’s preferred claimant even if Martin preferred the blacks as a faction. I’ll laugh at anyone who says differently.   The only reason why I’m team black is because I like show Rhaenyra right now. The book version is an abomination. If it was a direct adaption, I would  be team smallfolk and the kids.
I wouldn’t assume a warlike king back then *wasn’t* a serial rapist, though
those are not the sort of things that made Maegor Maegor.  Maegor basically raised the sept of remembrance with his dragon and built a dragon pit on top of it, he crushed any sort of dissent in the most brutal way possible and almost wiped out the faith of the seven, he forcefully married the widows of his competitors he killed to add insult to injury, and the list goes on and on.  If Rhaenyra had been a fraction of Maegor much of King's Landing would have been laying in ruins.
The spot Rhaenyra and Daemon put Lord Mooton in was untenable. He either gets killed by Daemon if he takes Nettles head. He is branded a traitor if he doesn't follow through with Rhaenyra's order. He was forced to renounce his allegiance to The Blacks and raise his banner for Aegon II.
I know it's a quote, what I am pointing out is why she is called Maegor with tits, it is not because she was literally like Maegor it is because she was generally disliked due to policies that were not completely under her control
And good riddance that would have been.
I cannot think of legitimately a single alliance Rhaenyra herself cultivated, that she did not inherit from Viserys or created for her by Jace.
She didn’t know Vhagar would be there. And he was sent as an emissary, there are expectations, ex. Guest rights.
That's not how sarcasm works. Literally nothing about that sounds remotely sarcastic.
? ASOIAF *is* centred on the War of the Roses. Rhaenyra is from a couple of centuries earlier, a couple of generations after Aegon the Conqueror (William the Conqueror) came in.   The Dance of Dragons is Westeros’ equivalent of the Anarchy, which was a massive civil war in England (about a century after the Conquest and about two before the Wars of the Roses…) between Matilda and her cousin Stephen of Blois over who should be monarch, with a major issue being the Matilda was a woman. Stephen started with the upper hand, >!but was for a time chased out of the capital with Matilda recognised as reigning Queen of England - until he regained the upper hand, Matilda was chucked out, Stephen won, and Matilda was brushed out of the ‘official’ list of monarchs of England, with no woman to be included for centuries.!<   The historical correspondence to her role in English history (not German, of course) is obvious. HotD is well known to be based on the Anarchy. But it’s only going to be the inspiration and ‘slot’ in the major history, not a copy.
Rhaenyra got a lot more support than Matilda ever did. It evens out.
My brother in christ, this is a meme on Reddit. Also both Aegon and Rhaenyra are terrible.
Heh true, but it wasn’t a defining trait or something noted in regards to his character
It would have turned the realm back into multiple kingdoms constantly at war with each other. While what Maegor did was brutal, it was necessary for the good of the realm in the long run.  Not only for destroying the Faith Militant to protect the dynasty, but for the overall health of Westeros. His reign of terror set up Jaehaerys' to look like a hero, which allowed the Conciliator to reign for 55 years without losing the faith of his Lords and smallfolk.
It stands to reason Aemond would be sent to the closest kingdom
Okay ? Well it was.
> ASOIAF is centred on the War of the Roses.   I know that. The point I was make is that the asoiaf characters are more true to their historical figures than the dance.
Not to mention Matilda’s son was made Stephen’s heir
That just makes it worse, doesn’t it? Matilda was a capable leader with the odds staked against her. Rhaenyra had a shit ton of support, enough to win, but no skills or capability. He made the blacks too op because Rhaenyra has to be a complete moron in order to lose the war rather than someone who got outmaneuvered by an equally powerful rival.
Book Rhaenyra and Aegon are both terrible people. Martin clearly made Aegon more skilled & brave as a leader. He also has actual feats during the war. Rhaenyra has none.
Stephen was actually said to have had a decent and serious relationship with his wife Mathilda of Boulogne. When he was captured once his wife even took over his army briefly and forced Empress Mathilda to let Stephen free since Empress Mathilda's own illegitimate brother who was one of the leaders of her army was caught as well.
Not necessarily true. They might send him to Winterfell. They would be the hardest to convince.
This is just being uncharitable to rhae. Not even the most tactical of minds could predict aemond attacking Luke in storms end or in the sky’s. It’s the dumbest most irrational thing anyone could’ve done during a war of ravens especially when rhae showed mercy to Otto
Ah didn’t realise you were the first commenter and mistook what you said for saying everyone in sight is War of the Roses and Matilda has nothing to do with it. My bad, sorry.   But yeah, her *role* in history is similar, her character not so much.
For sure, another major point. Her role is clearly similar, just not her character.
Aegon and his dragon Sunfyre have the positive traits that they are both hardworking and actually can startle and surprise people.  Rhaenyra and Syrax are most of the time put into castles and both never actually fight. That the real Empress Mathilda got less support than Rhaenyra is actually terrible since Mathilda had capable traits while I can't see why people wouldn't be frustrated with Rhaenyra's passiveness.
Don't forget that history is told by the victors, Martin wrote that section of Fire and Blood from that perspective.
They would send Aemond?  hot headed arrogant Aemond to subdue the most difficult kingdom ?
Yeah and when have we ever accused Aemond of being rational ?
He has the largest dragon, that can be very persuasive.
But that’s a different type of irrationality and also you’re just assuming they should’ve assumed where everyone was going especially considering they had a head start on garnering support. Aemonds irrationality was quite possibly the dumbest move anyone could make at the stage of flying ravens, it wasn’t accounted because of how unnecessary and dumb it is.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>And both are british  Not good enough.  I want authentic Westerosi variation of a Valyrian accent
Sam Claflin previously acted alongside Emilia Clarke and Charles Dance in Me Before You too
I’m pretty sure Reddit already decided that Henry cavill is playing aegon, visenya, rhaenys, Maegor, aegon the uncrowned, Balerion, meraxes, Vhagar and orys Baratheon. Sorry
Better this than Henry Cavill. Thank you for bringing up \*anyone\* but him. I can't take it anymore.
Honestly I just wanna sit back and be surprised at this point. I was one of those people who was 1000% adamant that Matt Smith could *not* pull off Daemon since I grew up watching him play the Doctor. He’s done an amazing job so far and I’m happy to eat my words on that one. Almost every niche or unknown actor they’ve brought on has been excellent, I hope they keep it up!
Way better choices IMO
ATJ was on-screen husband and brother to Elizabeth Olsen on back to back roles (Godzilla/Age of Ultron). I think he's qualified.
Hot take: I have a theory that Aegon I wasnt actually the buff charismatic gigachad that hes said to be- Thats just history making him seem like a gallant warrior king. In reality I think he was meek and unseeming, and intellectual that let Orys and Visenya be like the Eren Yeager and Mikasa Ackerman to his Armin Arlett.
Sam Claflin as the Conqueror would kill me with joy
Alexander Ludwig is in the right age as well and would look the part
Aegon was 25 at the start of the conquest. He was an enigma. I prefer an unknown actor
Yes thank you! I saw the one of Henry Cavil and he looks wayyyyy too masculine, like these two would suit the role way better!
I like both guys… but I don’t like them for that role at all.
Has anyone suggested Henry Cavill potentially?
1. He doesn't has to be British. Actors can learn different accents. There are so many actors who learned a different accent and no one noticed that it was acquired and not natural.  2. Both would fit a character like Daemon Blackfyre but Aegon? Honestly I feel like you misunderstood the character a bit.
I have always like ATJs movie but I think he'd make a better Aemond The Dragonknight, or Daemon Blackfyre.
Mads mikkelsen is the only person I want to see playing the conqueror.
No. Just no. To hell with subverted expectations bullshit. Aegon was a great warrior and a great king, let him look the part.
I love both but I'm imagining someone very tall and imposing for this role. Calahan Skogman would be great as he's a very striking person and has an imposing presence. Former bball player, muscular, lighter features and only 29. He did a great job in Shadow and Bone. Made the character very memorable.
Aegon is a big dude man. None of those actors are over 6ft. I know they don't cast like that but still.
Yes. But still Cavill is way better.
This made me think Paul Mescal would make a good Aegon
Sam Claflin would be my pick, with Annabelle Wallis as Visenya and Gabriella Wilde as Rhaenys!
I thought Ed Skrein who played the original Daario was Sam Claflin for ages, I didn’t know they were two different actors.
Why do they have to be british? I'd really like a not so famous actor
TIL that Sam Claflin played Oswald Mosley in Peaky Blinders. Haven't recognised him.
It’s never someone that famous. And we’re always better off for it. Aaron Taylor Johnson. Seven save me.
Lets be honest, with such an unspecified personality there are a million guys who could do the role justice, most of whom we haven't even heard of. I'm excited to see who they pull out (though I really want Elizabeth Debiki as a 6'3" Visenya)
I'm British. Trust me, it's not important.
Please Charlie Hunnam
I always imagine Aegon being thinner but the mock art renditions that show Henry Cavill as Aegon are super fucking cool
I'll be honest with you, seeing Aaron as Black Douglas in *Outlaw King* makes me think he might pull off Harren the Black better (but then again Harren is supposed to be far older than Aegon the Conqueror)  This is nonetheless a good opportunity
Yeaah...yet i think aegon is his mid twenties when he conquers westeros, cuz Visenya is the oldest and she was 27 soooooo he must be like 25-26
hell yeah Kick Ass!
“You speak Valyrian” Dracarys!!!!!!
Wait what - I always thought it was Ed Skrein (OG Dahrio) in that movie. TIL...
No but wait, have you considered Henry Cavill cast as the narrow sea
Those who watched him in The Crown were absolutely certain he could be Daemon.
Aegon twink truthers rise up
Honestly, and I mean no disrespect, but one of the reasons I'm apprehensive about any show centered around Aegon's conquest is because it opens the door to stuff like this. I don't want my expectations subverted when it comes to foundation myths that underpin the universe itself, because then it just lays a big fat retrospective layer of irony and dissonance on top of everything that follows. The strong leader of myth being a drunken fool or meek bookworm with good PR is interesting the first couple of times you see it, but then it loses its charm quickly and becomes an obvious indicator that the writers either don't know how to do the actual character justice to live up to the hype or never intended to in the first place.  Doing that would also undermine the duality of Aegon's sons Aenys and Maegor each tragically being one-half of his personality and legacy amplified to make up for the lack of the other half.
So basically King Alfred the Great depiction instead of like Richard the Lionheart?
YES true aegon was probably just Some Dude who has been propagandized to hell and back. I think if he's played by a very normal looking guy--average height, average looks, kinda meek it would be a way cooler use of a lot of the historical concepts f&b is playing with
[But that would mean he couldn't reprise his role as Katheryn Winnick's son given many fancast her as Visenya. Lagertha and Bjorn had a little bit of that Visenya and Maegor vibe going on.](https://i.postimg.cc/3N7JkVCL/lagertha-bjorn-dfc4689234cdb6ca514fffe38e6de887.jpg)
You know that they casted black people for the Velaryons right? And you said the same thing people said about Matt Smith being casted as Daemon.   Acting skills matter the most.
Thank you for saying that about the British thing!! Drives me crazy when people assume non-British actors can’t play British characters. I’m an American actress, and I trained under British instructors, all of whom have confirmed again and again that you CAN play British regardless of where you actually come from, and some of them have even cast me as such and told me my accent is literally indistinguishable from an actual British person. 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️
I like this actually. I'm sorry. Aegon has gotta be Cavill.
bro i wanna cast him *into* the narrow sea
Darn, that's a really intelligent perspective.
Thats a fair point about Aenys and Maegor, though I would argue even if Aegon wasnt a gallant warrior type, Maegor took after hum in his psychopathy- Just cause Aegon knew about the prophecy doesnt mean he wasnt basically insane and killed probably thousands of innoccent people. Id say thats Maegorish enough for me.
Yes very good examples
First picture they do give a Visenya and Meagor vibe for sure!
Lol relax. I said it because GoT and HotD preferred them. So they have bigger chance to get in the Conquest movie/series as well.
There’s so many terrible British accents done by Americans 😂 There are some that can pull it off, but a lot fail miserably and sound like a character rather than actually British. They always go for the stereotypical accent.  British actors tend to be favoured, get over it 🤷🏻‍♀️
I've never been one to fancast him but he does have the look and build.
Please don’t tell me to relax. You said “It’s important”, and I have no way of knowing without clarification that you don’t consider this important, and were just saying that HBO does. I’ve seen it stated elsewhere in this subreddit that it MUST be British people to play British roles, and so I voiced my opinion on that when I saw someone had spoken against that. No need to be condescending just because someone is frustrated.
Again with the condescension, really? I don’t need to be told to get over anything, and telling me to get over it almost guarantees I won’t. I’m in the industry. I know there are terrible British accents done by Americans, but I also know there are excellent ones done. This is agreed upon by the British people I know in this industry as well. Can people not just voice an opinion without getting this condescending mindset?
Legit name some cos I don't know of any American actors that have pulled off any British accent convincingly.
Peter Dinklage  Alan Tudyk Chloe Grace Moretz Meryl Streep Johnny Depp Gillian Andersen Renée Zellweger Julianne Moore  You can do a quick google search and find even more, but that’s what I was able to think of right off.
Peter Dinklage... Nah. Alan Tudyk not familiar enough with his work. Same for Chloe. Meryl Streep gave a good go at Thatcher but it does sound like she's putting on the voice strongest of the lot so far. Gillian Anderson kinda doesn't count on account of her being a dual citizen and having spent time between countries she has a fluid accent. Johnny Depp is a very exaggerated accent but better than a lot. Renée sounded comically posh but some people do sound like that. I wouldn't say it's a particularly outstanding list there.
Really? Because I did do research after I compiled this list out of curiosity, and found that some of those were considered so convincing that people *genuinely thought* they were British. Chloe is one, Peter as well, Johnny also. But the thing is, this is all a matter of opinion. One person may be convinced while another isn’t, but I am literally in the entertainment industry myself, work with American and British people in this industry, and the British I work with have said that yes, Americans can definitely convincingly play British. So… I suppose we’ll just have to agree to disagree, because it doesn’t appear either of us are changing our minds.
Well, I am British so... uhhh shit dunno what to tell you other than what I've alread said lol.
I mean then it’s your word against the word of the other British people I know lmao, so… idk what else to tell you either
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Looks like ai.
Cause actors always train with wigs and costume
Is this a deep fake? lmao   Screencaps 2 and 3 are so funny.
Pretty sure the second and third pictures are AI generated. Could be wrong tho.
This is pretty obvious AI
Not him. Face is different. Also, and this is typical of some ai, the hands are all fucked up
Hahaha I read martial arts and assumed he was finna audition for mortal Kombat 😂😂😂
Wait what is the validity of this lol😂
stop using ai
AI
Famously, medieval knights were trained in the ways of Kung Fu.
Terrible AI.
He’s got the power of ~~god~~ the Seven *and* anime on his side
Weasel
Love it not being able to generate the full eyepatch
Yeah ahah
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oh that's a nice set! 😍
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't think they'd be betrothed - the age difference (in the show, anyway) is notable.  The most important difference between this scenario, and the reality, is that if Baby Baelon had lived, Viserys ***probably*** never, ever names Rhaenyra his heir, so who she marries just matters a lot less.  When Otto suggested marrying Aegon to Rhaenyra, it made sense, because the pros of uniting their claims outweighs the negative of how much older she is than him.   If Rhaenyra has no strong claim, to begin with, there's no real reason to overlook the age gap. Rhaenyra would probably be married to secure an alliance, to an adult husband, and Baelon would PROBABLY end up betrothed to the first other daughter that Viserys produces (all else being the same, that'd be Helaena, or her AU equivelant), or, failing that, an age -appropriate Velaryon from Rhaenys' line, which also (...kinda sorta) unites claims.  All else being the same
Probably not since even with an heir and a female spare, it doesn't mean there's stability in the line of succession.   There's still a high rate of childhood morality, so there's not necessarily a guarantee Baelon lives to adulthood. They could wait for him to be old enough to be married to Rhaenyra and he's thrown from a horse or dies of some disease. And that delays the time Rhaenyra could have children.  Rhaenyra could have been married to someone a few years after Baelon's birth and her daughter betrothed to Baelon.
I doubt it. As with Aegon, age was a big issue ethically but also logistically because it meant she would have to wait a long time before he comes of age and that's time that they don't really have in a dwindling family tree. But that aside, I think that the proposed betrothal between Aegon and Rhaenrya was borne mainly out of the conundrum of Viserys having named Rhaenrya heir but also having the eldest son (who would have been the presumed heir). Marrying them two together arguably resolves the succession crisis of who should rule after Viserys. But if Baelon lived, Rhaenrya wouldn't have been named heir at all, and even if Viserys did go on marry and have the kids with Alicent, the greens would struggle so much more to find support or legitimate ground to stake their claim
probably not. Rhaenyra inheriting anything isn't even a question until after Baelon and Alyssa's death. if Baelon lived, Rhaenyra would get married to someone random.   the age difference is definitely a reason against it, but more importantly the Baelon/Rhaenyra marriage is politically worthless
Baelon would probably be betrothed to Rhaenyra’s first daughter or one of Corlys’s granddaughters. While Rhaenyra would probably marry Daemon to keep the bloodline pure and stuff.
If Viserys still remaried, he would be betrothed to Helaena.
Probably not, the age difference is too high. Rhaenyra is 15 years older than Baelon, meaning that she’d be in her thirties by the time he’s old enough to wed. While not impossible to have children at that age (just look at Rhaenyra’s pregnancies with Daemon) it’d still be seen as Rhaenyra being beyond her childbearing years and thus not a good match.  More likely is that Baelon would marry Helaena (who’s a couple of years younger than him) as Viserys would probably still remarry and it’d unite the lines of Aemma and Alicent, preventing conflict.
> If Prince Baelon survived, would Rhaenyra be betrothed to him?  Possibly but that’s a huge age difference. Rhaenyra would certainly never become the heir and would be free to take her time finding a match. Even if Daemon ruins her reputation again, Viserys might not speedily marry her to Laenor if she isn’t his heir. She might get to Harwin after all. Show Laena is slightly closer to Baelon’s age so it’s possible they are betrothed to satisfy Corlys. A 12 year age gap is pushing it but not that bad.    > Also, I'm starting to wonder if the reason why Daemon seemed visibly upset before Baelon's birth is because not only would he be replaced as heir but he would also have to forgo his long harboured dream of marrying Rhaenyra.  How long was Daemon harboring this dream of marrying his 14 year old niece?
Very unlikely due to age difference, best option would be his half sister Helaena who would be 4~5 years younger than him.
And even then, despite the Targaryen tradition of sibling marriage: between the age difference of Baelon and Rhaenyraerys due to the fact Viserys had no heirs. If Viserys died it would go to him. But Baelon being born kicked him down even further given he would then have to compete with not only Baelon but every child Baelon had later on for the throne (provided they were male). Daemon wanted power and Baelon was the ultimate roadblock to that.  And for the marriage thing... he could try. But there would be issues.  Viserys could have attempted doing that but after Alicent birth Aegon Otto proposed that same thing and Viserys said "No". Aegon was 2 and Rhaenyra was probably almost into her 20s at that point. The age gap (with gender in mind) is too great given Rhaenyra has a biological clock that will eventually hit 0 at a certain age. I do not think the weird Targaryen blood stuff stops Menopause. By the time Baelon would hit the age to produce heirs, Rhaenyra would be probably older in years. The prime time to produce heirs would have been missed. It would be kind of stupid from a practical angle. And from a more moral angle, Viserys has been shown to not like the idea of marrying children to adults. Grant it, you can argue Alicent was still a child given she was in her late teens (like Rhaenyra) when she was married off. But he rejected Laena because she was not even 14. She was probably closer to 10 or 11. And he seemed disgusted (or at least confused) when Otto brought up closing the gap in the lines with Aegon and Rhaenyra. Viserys is not a very "ethical man" but he seems to have some reservations about child marriage.  And even then, you already know Rhaenyra would have violently fought the idea and probably would have broken him down enough to not go through with it given she is still a reflection of Aemma.
I think the age difference is too much for Viserys, betrothing a toddler to anyone does not seem like something he’d do. Also baelon would be the undisputed heir, so while it would be following “Targaryen customs” for them to marry it wouldn’t really effect his claim.   Luckily for Rhaenyra if she isn’t heir her marriage matters less - unless she is expected to produce a male spare if in this scenario aemma still dies but viserys does not remarry - so she may have more control over who she marries. The betrothal to Laenor would probably still be suggested but it would likely be less of a priority to viserys
By the very earliest age that Baelon would be old enough to produce heirs, Rhaenyra would be in her late-twenties,  more likely into her thirties. Certainly not "old" but that's a lot of time lost when the rates of miscarriage and infant mortality were so high. No doubt that neither of them would be happy with the prospect, and I can't see Rhaenyra chastely waiting for over a decade. In that timeframe, she could be married and hypothetically produce a daughter near Baelon's age for him to marry.   Otto made a ridiculous suggestion because it served his self-interest. Yes, wide age gap marriages are common enough in Westeros but they aren't planned way in advance, if that makes sense. It's just a coincidence of when eligible parties happen to be available for a politically advantageous match. In this setting, children are capital. Waiting so long for your children to marry is basically equivalent to letting money depreciate and collect dust in your house when it could be invested. I think Otto had no intention of Aegon actually marrying Rhaenyra someday. He just wanted to silo her away from marriage opportunities that would benefit her claim while he worked on his plans.   As a side note, if Baelon had survived infancy, Viserys might've been stubborn enough to refuse a second marriage.
I really dislike Otto lol but yeah Viserys definitely should’ve wed Aegon to Rhaenyra. No reason Rhaenyra couldn’t be the badass, dragon-rider she aspired to be while she was also the queen. Just needed to pop out some heirs once Aegon became old enough. Sounds rough but it’s not like targs haven’t already been doing that since the start of their histories. Aegon would’ve turned out so much better too I bet had he felt that he had a purpose and his family actually had unity
>Baelon would PROBABLY end up betrothed to the first other daughter that Viserys produces   would he even need to? i thought that at least a little bit of the reason that the targaryens do incest is to consolidate claims and mark out which kid is the heir. even if Viserys had other daughters, none of them would have a competing claim and thus need to marry Baelon
> the greens would struggle so much more to find support or legitimate ground to stake their claim  It's more than arguable that there wouldn't even be Black or Green factions at all if Baelon had lived and later married any daughters Viserys and Alicent had.
The age difference between Rhaenyra and Baelon would be 14. As sick as it is, they would likely be married when he was 14-15 years old. Women do not go through menapouse at 29-30. Show Rhaenyra had Joffrey at 29, Aegon at 31, Viserys at 33, and Visenya(stillbirth) at 35. The age difference doesn’t work for multiple reasons but the fertility gap isn’t that bad.
To consolidate claims? No.  Because of Targaryen incest tradition?  Yeah. 🤷‍♀️
>would he even need to? i thought that at least a little bit of the reason that the targaryens do incest is to consolidate claims and mark out which kid is the heir.  A little bit, yeah, but like others have said there's also an actual bloodline issue. The incest practice supposedly traces back to the dragon riding houses of Valyria.  There's hinting around within the story that the claims that Valyrians are something other than regular humans with unusual coloring are legitimate. Deformed births aren't shocking when you're doing a lot of incest, but the particular nature of the deformities (e.g. indications of wings) are not ordinary for a human fetus at all. If it happened once it might just be a sort of confirmation bias, but it seems to happen over and over again to a degree that implies this is something that people are seeing because it's actually there.  The exact degree of inbreeding going on is up for debate because it's always a possibility that there were more Targaryens than we realize who were secretly bastards fathered by someone other than the person publicly claimed to be their father, but it does seem as if they're not suffering much in physical terms from it outside of the stillbirths. Daenerys and Viserys seem physically fine.  We have indications that they have an unusual tendency to have genuinely prophetic dreams without any kind of special magical prompting or circumstances (e.g. shade of the evening or close proximity to a Weirwood) necessarily being required to trigger them.  There are also claims that it's extremely unusual for Targaryen's to get sick. There are certainly some records of Targaryens who get sick, but it's (probably deliberately) unclear for the reader if that's because the whole thing was actually propaganda or if it's because the Targaryens are intermarrying with Westerosi houses so much that they're losing whatever immunity they had.  GRRM has made it clear that Targaryens are **not** immune to fire, but Daenerys possibly shows indications of being a extra resistant to heat.  It's not entirely clear how any sort of genetics of dragon bonding or dragon hatching work, but if absolutely anyone could do it it does seem strange that there are no clear accounts of the people who worked in the dragonpit every day as servants surprise-bonding with a dragon when no one had suspected they had Valyrian blood.   The mental state of the Targaryen's overall is a bit questionable, with all the talk of the gods flipping a coin to decide if they'll go mad, but it's also possible that the apparent madness is a problem rooted in their bond with dragons. We can't really know whether they're constantly dreaming about dragons long after none exist because there's some kind of deep magical need that makes them suffer from not being bonded to a dragon, or if they were just plain going mad and the family mythos around dragons was just shaping the details of their madness.
By then, Baelon's marriage options would likely be kept to any of his sisters that Viserys has with Alicent in order to keep the Valyrian bloodline pure. Dragon bonding was supposedly linked to it which was why the practice of wedding brother to sister among Valyrians started in the first place. As the future king, he out of any of Viserys' sons would be the one most likely to get a Valryian bride (i.e one of his sisters) to continue the family line but also hopefully, have more dragon riders
 very true
I knew she was above 14 but I was thinking she was a bit older. I know when she is forced to pick suitors she 17ish when the Aegon exchange happens. Either way it would still heavily cut down on the time Rhaenyra would have had to produce heirs given she is limited in that regard but Baelon would not be. And after age 35, pregnancies usually start to get more dangerous for the mother and menopause can start at age 40 but usually happens between 44-55. She might still be able to produce but the rate of miscarriage would be higher alongside other possible complications. Rhaenyra would be about almost 30 by the time she might be told to start producing heirs. This gives her a window of around 5-7 years before it starts to become dangerous for her. On the reverse side, Alicent start producing heirs at 16 (2 years older than what Rhaenyra is in this episode) and she had almost 20 years to produce before she would have hit that problem point.   Rhaenyra had 5 children by the time she hit that 35 mark and 1 miscarriage at that 35 mark.  So she had given birth at least 6 times. All of these children (minus Visenya who did not make it to begin with) would have been potential heirs. Alicent had (and this is assuming Daeron still exists) 4 by that point, 3 of which were eligible to be heir and already had grandchildren by that point. I still think the age gap would have been too big for Rhaenyra to logistically have done a similar thing with the 14-year (At least) waiting period.
but that tradition needs to have a basis. idk i feel like if there's no immediate need to "mark out" which kid is heir, it'd be a way better use of resources to marry out for alliances.
The basis for their tradition originates in Valyria, whose political system did not center around a singular monarch, and so did not have so much emphasis on claims. I'd imagine that their political system would be a purer "game", with more emphasis on power (whether that be through dragons, sorcery, other means and combinations of such) than anything else.
Baelon and Alyssa didn't marry to "mark out" a claim, but they were still wed. The incest marriages seem to have less to do with royal claims, and more to do with keeping the bloodline "pure", especially since they think you need to have dragon riding blood in order to claim a dragon.
The tradition is that their blood is what allows them to control dragons. The only other option are the Velaryons (nobody cares about the Celtigars) and Laena is almost Rhaenyra's age.
they marry out of the family pretty often, and people who are half (or less!) dragonlord routinely ride dragons with ease.  also the velaryons were *not* dragonlords in Valyria, so their blood is pretty worthless even if you believe that the dragons respond to the blood.  And it's not even confirmed that their blood is special in the first place.
They really hadn't been marrying outside of the family often at this point.   Aegon married both his Targaryen sisters, Visenya and Rhaena.   Aegon's son, Aenys, did not  have sisters, so he married his Velaryon cousin, Alyssa.   Aenys's eldest son, Aegon the Uncrowned, married his sister Rhaena, and his youngest son, Jaehaeys, married his sister Alysanne. Aenys other children were killed before they could marry.   All of Jaehaerys sons were *meant* to marry their sisters, but circumstances forced Aemon to marry his aunt Jocelyn (still family), and Veagon choose to forge a maester's chain. Baelon still married his sister Alyssa. The remaining sisters were meant to marry outside the family because there were no brothers left to marry.   When we get to Viserys' generation, no one has opposite sex siblings to marry, so every either marries a cousin, or, in Daemon case, as he is the odd man out's case, marries outside the family.   I'd also argue that even though the Velaryons aren't historically dragon riders, their marriages with Targaryens means they've now probably have that "dragon riding" blood. And whether or not the blood is actually specially doesn't matter. it just maters if the Targaryens *believe* their blood is special.
One can have the ability to ride dragons and choose not to, the Velaryons are a house that always specialized on commerce and navy, plus they do have the traditional Valyrian traits in the books.   Other than Velaryons I don't really see dragonlords who are outside of their families other than the Strong boys (it's more ambiguous if they are bastards in the books), Rhaenys (Half-Baratheon) and the Greens (although there is a lot of implication that the Hightowers do have a certain level of Valyrian blood, Jorah's wife looked a lot like Daenerys in the books).
While we know very very little about Valyria and it's entirely possible that the Velaryons consciously chose to not be dragonlords, I find that extremely unlikely just given what we are told about Valyra's power structures  Corlys also literally tells us that the Velayrons were never dragonriders and had to, out of necessity, get good at naval commerce in order to find any sort of power. i think it's even implied that the Velaryons settled in westeros specifically *because* they had no power in Valyria.   Not every valyrian was a dragonlord. most of them were not. the fact that post-doom these non-dragonlord families get 'upgraded' to being deemed worthy of dragonriding makes me think that the whole bloodline thing is bs in general. (this is just my personal headcanon though)  as for non-targaryen dragonlords, >!there is one hinted at in the books, though not confirmed either way!<
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Every time someone fancasts Henry for an ASOIAF role, winds of winter is delayed by one day.
Should Henry Cavil play Balerion the dread? Y’all fan cast this dude for every thing.
Henry Cavill should play Visenya with no explanation whatsoever.
He should play Aerys II in a Mad King/Robert's Rebellion adaptation so that I can see all his simps try to justify his actions with "the king's word is law"
Honestly i don't care who they pick. They picked amazing actors for Daemon, Rhaenyra, Aemond, Aegon II and Alicent so i have full faith in who they cast as Aegon
Y’know, he’s not the only actor alive
what is w/ the obsession w/ henry cavill playing white haired characters just bc of his role in the witcher? this happens in the TOG fandom too.
Honestly Henry is too handsome. I think Aegon should be played by someone who is unconventionally attractive.
No
I'd say no. Kind of sick of the obsession with Henry Cavill to be honest and I think a relatively unknown actor should play Aegon the Conquerer.
First time here? Cavill is already playing all male characters in season 2 and may also be playing older Rhaenyra (not confirmed)
He should play Moonboy
Do people not know Aegon was 24 years of age when he conquered Westeros? Henry Cavill is 40 this year…
Is this gonna be like this every fucking day
Alexander Skarsgård should play Aegon The Conqueror
No, he shouldnt.
Yes, with Tom Holland as Balerion, Queen Latifah as Visenya, and Melissa McCarthy as Rhaenys.
NOOOOOO ABSOLUTELY NOT
The Targaryen men that have been cast are not typically this classically handsome, but rather more an offbeat type of attractive. Inbreeding doesn't produce men that look like this haha
Aegon I in my head is a very charismatic person. Henry Cavill, for me, does not have that natural charisma. Also, in any movie/show he seemed to have very little chemistry with the actresses who played the love interest, and the Aegon/Rhaenys/Visenya trio needs to instense
Naw Michael Cera should
No.  But if he plays him like he did Charles Brandon in The Tudors, he can be an awesome Orys Baratheon.
No. He's way too old.
Should people stop talking about Henry Cavill playing in "insert any fucking franchise"?  &#x200B;  Yes, yes they should.
Not this posts again…
What will we learn on this week’s episode of “What Can We Cast Henry Cavill In?”  You’ll have to tune in to find out!
No. I've always read Aegon as presenting as an alpha male on the outside, but really being a strange, introverted, almost awkward man. A cool interpretation might even have him be on the spectrum somewhere.  I think Alexander Skarsgard could bring the silence and the mystery to this enigmatic figure.
Zendaya is the obvious choice
Love Henry but I think Alexander or Bill Skarsgård would make a perfect Aegon.
He should just play everyone that can swing a sword
No. I want new people. I'm tired of seeing the same damn faces in every show.
I’d much rather Travis Fimmel in like any of these roles
And here I thought we were done with all the Henry Cavill fan casts
Okay, but it's my turn to post this next month deal?
Alexander Ludwig gets my vote. Mostly because I can't think of any other age appropriate blonde European/Australian actors right now.. but I think he looks the part for sure
No, no and no. Please stop this unhealthy obsession with Henry Cavill.
He is too old to play Aegon unfortunately. We need an actor age 25 to 35 to play him.
He’s too famous
Third pic looks fucking awful ngl lmaoo
nah Jamie Campbell Bower. he just looks like a Targaryen.
No.
Unpopular Opinion: Henry Cavill is not really a good actor.
Nope. He's too old, too well-known, and isn't a dynamic actor, though he's good at what he's good at.   I hope they go for someone like Jack O'Connell. Lesser known but incredibly talented and heady. Kind of in the mold of Emma D'Arcy.
*sighs* “…fuck.”
No because he's already way too old?
No, and stop this nonsense already please.
1- too old  2- Shouldn’t Targaryens look more ethereal and otherworldly? Why do people keep fancasting conventionally attractive actors to play them?
No the character only works for an actual story if he’s completely different from the heroic mythic figure Targs have been painting him as  If there really has to be a superhero-esque warrior Chad it should be Visenya
Let's not start this shit again, please.
No!   God!   No god please no.   No! No!   Noooo!!
No. He can’t act nor does he fit the description. His fans cast him in everything
No. He's already 13 years older than the character is, and that's only going up when you consider it's at least a year and 1/2 of pre-production/filming at best, and likely at least 2-3 years.
No
No
Cavil just got a 40k show with Amazon, he’s not going to be doing big rolls for other properties for a while most likely.
He should play Balerion IMHO
No. He’d be a better Maegor I would think.
Jensen Ackles seems like a better pick to me. Or Chase Crawford.
Old. Too old
At the time of his invasion I think he's 20, or a couple years post.   No amount of make up or work out can make Henry Cavil look 20.
Reddit wants Cavill to literally play everyone and anyone, lol
If anything have him play Maegor.
This sub sucks so much ass in the off-season
No, because they shouldn't make a series about Aegon I cause it would suck. Henry Cavill however would make an excellent Hugh Hammer...
Seems like a good dude, but from what I’ve seen he doesn’t have the acting chops for this show.
No. He should play Orys Baratheon.
He would be a great maegor
nope, he should play Balerion the black Dread  joke aside, Targaryen features usually not that STRONG physically, i don't think i ever heard notable Targaryen with muscular body  i feel he is more suitable to become a knight or kingsguard, maybe play sir Duncan the Tall
I think Henry Cavill should play Sam’s *fat pink mast*. We’re fan casting him for everything else, so why not.
Please, no.
I think he has too much muscles. I always envisioned Targaryens like Rhaegar and Viserys, thin but still strong. He might make a good Maegor though.
No. I'd prefer a newcomer. If Cavill must be cast in ASOIAF universe, I'd prefer him as a Baratheon. Either Orys or Rogar.  If he must be a Targaryen, then I'd rather he be Maegor.
I’ll get hate but I think Henry’s very overrated as an actor. I love him as a celebrity I think he’s kind and he has interests I can relate to, but he has such mediocre talent imo. Plus I have yet to see him in a romantic role where there is even an ounce of chemistry between him and the lead actress, and I imagine aegons relationship with his sisters is a big part of his story.
Idk, is he going to leave halfway through because he doesn’t like the direction the show is taking?
Noooo! I plainly just don't think he has the acting chops. Just because he wore a silver wig for one fantasy show doesn't mean he's perfect for the role of Aegon.  It's like how every bald dude is fantasted as lex luthor nowadays.
no
No.
no !!! I'm sorry i love Henry Cavill but he is not Aegon, he doesn't fit the aesthetic of asoiaf and the Targaryen/Valyrian, it's just my opinion
Absolutely not.
No. I feel like he’d be a better Maegor.
I’d much rather Travis Fimmel in like any of these roles
Would be better suited for maegor
Zaddy Aegon
Everyone says Aegon when he’s make a better Maegor
No
Alexander Ludwig as Aegon I.
No. After he pulled out of ‘The Witcher’, I decided I didn’t want him cast as any major nerdy character in a show that I like. ‘The Witcher’ is likely to get canceled now as he was the huge part that made ‘the Witcher’ so palatable for the average screen viewer. Most shows fail when they try to switch out an actor without any explanation.
I don’t really think he’d have the range. He’s very goodlooking but he fits more… stoic roles (like Geralt).
I wanna see Travis Fimmel
That's a joke, right?
Nope. Too popular. Prefer people with smaller appeal to grow and build the character
Heck no!  He was Superman and The Man from Uncle!  Great actor.
Last pic looks more *Dark Brotherhood* than *Targaryen King*
No
I kinda feel like HC is too famous for the GoT franchise in general really. Everyone sees him either as The Witcher or Superman, and I can’t help but wonder, if it would take away from any character he plays, having someone so recognisable. Especially playing a Targaryen, because the look would be fairly similar to his Witcher look
No.
Please don’t be a real post
The ASOIAF franchise is doing just fine without Henry Cavill and Henry Cavill is doing just fine without Westeros.   He's the wrong age, and doesn't have the right look and this fan cast feels very forced.
No, simply because of the visual similarities to Geralt (which is why everyone is even talking about this). It wouldn't be Henry Cavill playing Aegon, it would be Henry Cavill playing Geralt of Rivia playing Aegon. And that isn't a knock on his acting in the slightest.
leave this man alone i swear to god
Photo 2 looks more like Dolph Lundgren in his early days, not unlike those CGI commercials
I think he is perfect for a couple of characters, but he is apparently an asshat so I have ambivalent feelings about this, in the true sense of the word.
Fuck no, there's too many Aegon Targaryens as is...
love henry but no, absolutely not
Henry Cavill should play Sanguinius
NO! NO! NO!
I honestly don’t think so. If he starts to look more than a regular man it would take away from the real reason they conquered Westeros. The dragons. If they didn’t have dragons they don’t win. If this guy looks like this and they don’t have dragons I’d think he could have.
 No thank you.
He's honestly much more muscular than I've ever imagined Aegon Targaryen. That being said, he would make for a good Targaryen in general, imo. Although if you were really gonna cast him as anything I'd think he'd make a good younger Robert. I know Cavill is almost 40 himself but, imo, he doesn't look it and he could pull it off.
No. He should not. Maybe a Stark
Honestly Henry is too much for Aegon IMO. He looks too much like a comic book super hero. It’s worked for Geralt in the Witcher but I think Aegon would be better not being so big a muscular. It’s almost like Henry has too much physical presence.
No.
Am I the only one that sees that they depicted Aegon sitting on the base of Balerion's neck but front of his wings but instead directly on Balerion's head?!?!?!   Imagine flying flying at 1000 ft in the air, and Balerion suddenly sneezes... Aegon go *splat*.
Way way too old
No
No. Let that man do Superman first damn
No
If he was going to be a part of it, then I want him in a more funnier role. I don’t see aegon as funny.
He would be like ten times better as Maegor the Cruel
Henry Cavill should play Aegor Rivers.
Look, Henry’s hot. You can simp for him without casting him in every role
Cavill got free reign on Warhammer 40K. Just leave him alone and let him do it justice.
No. Just because he had white hair when he was playing a character in a different series doesn't mean he should play a different character with white hair in this series. This is amateur casting.   He's the wrong fit for the role.
I think Henry will be perfect to play Duncan the tall, yes he is not that tall compared to book Duncan but he can play that character. Aegon just conquers and wins in the end there will no drama.
No.
No
No. It will just look like Geralt is playing Aegon.
He should play a younger Robert in Roberts Rebellion
No. Henry should only play Meagor the Cruel. Against type so a new experience for Henry, and due to his bulk and build he actually suits Megaor more than he would for Aegon the First.
Cavill should not play anyone but King Maegor the Great.
The problem is theres just no tension or fear for the Targaryens safety while they conquer westeros. He would be great in the role, but I just dont think theres enough to make this a series. Perhaps you could do a movie.
Just because he played one character with white hair doesn't mean he is good cast for another one. You all are just casting him as Aegon because of white hair in witcher.
What about Mads Mikkelsen, Michael Fassbender, Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger?
The actor to play Aegon is probably some unknown 20 something year old on some British stage right now, mostly like the National Theatre in London or Royal Shakes. Can't imagine Cavill will look young enough in 4-6 years, whenever this thing might start filming. Aegon is in his early 20's when he launches his invasion. HBO likes using those unknown brits.  He does look fucking awesome, though.
Personally I think the superior choice would be Don Cheadle
Katheryn Winnick as Visenya is all I need
He should play him in the pilot, and then replaced by Liam Hemsworth for the rest of the show.
So we’ve circled back around to this..no,no he should not. And I doubt the aegon series moves forward as it’s already been pitched before and was shot down because it’d be super boring. There’s is maybe 3 or 4 total fights in the conquest (minus dorne) so it’d be a whole show of flying around and talking
No
No Legolas should
Charlie Hunnam. He’s been my fan cast for Aegon the Conqueror for years.
According to his fans Henry Cavill should play everyone.
No
Timothee Camalonian should play him instead
Go to jail. In reality, he’s always mentioned for every role. I’m excited for new faces.
I am losing my fucking mind
I’d much rather see someone new
Yes. He has the chops to play the biggest badass Planetos has ever seen. In all honesty, as long as I get to Balerion, The Black Dread in all its tremendous glory, then I'm happy....I would love for them to finally make the dragons appear as they do in canon, have their flames match their scales.  I'd love to see Balerion torching Harrenhal with Black flames shot thru with swirls of red.
People are just fancasting Henry Cavill because he wore a white wig as Geralt. Yeah, yeah, we're all sad that he left The Witcher, but quit being cringe. HBO wouldn't let their main character be a consolation prize and they usually go for lower profile actors. Matt, Paddy, Rhys, and Olivia were all decently well-known before HOTD, but they weren't "Superman" level famous. I'm sure Henry doesn't want to be typecast as a brooding medieval fantasy protagonist forever, either.  The Conquest wouldn't even make a good adaptation. Aegon and his sisters pretty much curb stomped Westeros. It's fine for a story that takes maybe twenty minutes to read. There isn't enough narrative conflict to sustain hours and hours of television, though.
Henry Cavill to Westeros is getting Jude Bellingham to Liverpool levels of annoying.
No, because a show about Aegon’s conquest would be boring.
Sir Chad of Chaddington himself? Absolutely.
Yes please god
God yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Absolutely
Yes
Fuck Yes
Mads Mikkelsen would be a good pick IMO
I could see him as Maegor but not Aegon
Yes
He looks good, but i dont believe he could play a bad character. Hes too much a good guy
Only if hecking Keanu chungus plays his noble steed Balerion😎
This is the only fancast of Cavil I support wholeheartedly
Yes
Oh my.  Oh, *yes*
Completely down with this. I think Cavill would absolutely kill the role.
100,000%   or Cregan Stark.
Henry cavill should just play everyone
No I want someone new, kinda tired of seeing the same 5 people in everything. Might as well get Chris Pratt
No
No, he should play Robert Baratheon
I’m starting to think Mads Mikkelsen should play him.
I mean, I wouldn’t complain! I love him as Geralt, like, total sploosh 💦 😍💗
Yes
If anything he should be Orys Baratheon, but idk if I even like that idea very much
Ugh, no. Henry Cavill does not need to be cast at all.
It's the only way.
Yes please god
Henry Cavill should play everything.
F yeah!!!!
Ye I look forward to his sex with orys
I don't know why, but I think Mads Mikkelson would do a good job.
I would watch him play any role, any time, any where, by whatever means necessary. 🥵
Visually, he fits the role quite well. I just don’t think he can be as unhinged or charismatic as Aegon though. There has to be something wrong with Aegon to have a dream and immediately assume that means he need to conquer an entire continent. Also, conquerors are unhinged in general and Henry Cavill just seems too nice for that.
Anyone who disagrees is gonna 1v1 me on call of duty he tried to make the Witcher better fighting those shot writers and taking a pay cut
The question is: why shouldn't he not?
I’d let him play anything
I’d be cool with it but everyone else would riot lol
Serious:  Henry Cavill would be perfect for an Aegon the Conqueror movie. Just a movie about how he united the kingdoms under his rule.   Then a series about the aftermath can be cast by anyone else
Young Bobby B
I'd be surprised if he does. I'd imagine he's focusing mostly on his 40k project with prime.
No. Let the man rest, for god's sake.
Pretty sure his hands will be fired with Warhammer. I mean the dude is obsessed and has wanted that to be a thing for a LONG time.
trade one white wig for another? Hmm....
That man is so ridiculously fine. Idc what he plays, he could be a fine beggar. Idc .
Two words- Bill Skarsgard
Nah. He’s Bobby B or Maegor.
He should play Maegor Or Aemon the dragon knight  Heck he is perfect for Daemon blackfyre
Nah, I don't think Henry Cavill would be a good fit - but only because I don't really like Liam Hemsworth.
Isn’t the whole point of good casting meant to be you can only see this one specific person in the role and no one else? Yet the fandom can see this guy as pretty much any and all male Targs.
Michael pitts from boardwalk empire would kill this role IMO
Aegon of Rivia?
Just let him be in his Warhammer show
I believe he’s too rugged and textbook hot to be a Targaryen. Targs seem softer and have a more unique attractiveness to them.
I’m more interested in being down bad for evil witch mommy Visenya
No. I think he’s a good pick for Bittersteel in a future D & E, but not Aegon I.
YES!!!
Dude could play anything and anyone and do a fucking awesome job
Hes too old. Charlie Hunnam is a better pick too. But hes also too old. Fuck it they can use make up and cgi. Charlie Hunnam as Aegon and Katheryn Winnick as Visenya
Do I practice safe sex? …… No. No I don’t.
OR an even BETTER IDEA, cast Henry Cavill as every character in ASOIAF!!! he can play Rhaenyra in season 2!!! OMG!! HENRY CAVIIIIILL!! I AM GEEEEEEEKING OOOOOUTT!!
He could play battleship and I'd still watch it
No....it should be Pauly Shore
Nah, Maegor
Who should be his sister-wifes ?
The internet is manifesting this.
Not of he leaves the show before its ended or before the character bites the dust.
NO!
No
There is no possible way that this man has an ounce of inbreeding in him, so it’s a no from me.
No he needs to do Maegor
Maegor maybe
Henry is no king he's the Emperor himself  https://www.reddit.com/r/Warhammer40k/comments/g00tw5/behold\_the\_true\_emperor/
Um yeah 💜
No, I think someone interesting could play Aegon.
Not a horrible idea
Gods be Good YES!!!
I mean he would absolutely kill it. I get people complaining about how often he is fancast, but he’d be an amazing choice for this role.  He has the chops, has the physique, and just as important he has the passion, he loves this type of stuff. I think he’d be spectacular
My fantasies with Henry get hotter and hotter 🥵
Yes, OMG YES
I mean… which Aegon?
They would probably drop him after his first season.
Okay.
How about if they cast Henry Cavill to play Henry Cavill in *The Henry Cavill Story*?
Yes
I actually would like to see him with short silvery blonde hair
1. Aleksander Skarsgard as Aegon 1 2. Katheryn Winnick as Visenya 3. Saoirse Ronan as Rhaenys  4. Mads Mikkelsen as Maegor the Cruel
He's handsome, he's hot, visually he suits the role, and I love him \~because of well-known reasons. But he's not a good actor. Not in the level we're used to see in GOT and HOTD
Yes. He should play aegon I
I know everyone is making jokes but I mean I honestly like him for it.  He is what I would picture a strong leader to look like.   I've seen the criticisms on this thread ie. He's too good-looking, he's not charismatic enough, he's too big a name etc.  1. ...What? Someone actually said he's too handsome to believably be in-bred. Danaerys, GOT Viserys, and the little bit we saw of Rhaegar were all attractive people. Daemon and Viserys are a little funny looking but deadass it makes sense because Alyssa (their mother) was known as the tomboy sibling who was a little homely. I don't think having someone conventionally attractive play Aegon I would be that odd.  &nbsp;  2. Tell me you've only seen him play Superman and Geralt without telling me lol. He had plenty of a charisma in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E."   &nbsp;  3. This one I kind of get but at the same time 🙄🙄 Y'all just wanna gatekeep and are afraid that having Henry Cavill join the cast would bring new interest/fans to the franchise who wouldn't be as invested or well-versed in the lore.
As a fan cast it was fun but I would really prefer someone new. I’m also kind of Henry Cavil-in-a-white-wig out’d after the Witcher fiasco.
Yes please
Anyone like jack O' connel? He's got that look but maybe not quite the Targaryen look but definitely has that badass warrior look to him naturally. And he's only 32 years old.
3rd picture looks like the dark brotherhood
Yes
Looks sick🔥
no
Henry Cavill and Shiera Seastar
Don't know about Cavill, but they should definitely cast Sydney Sweeney as Rhaenys.
Nah Maegor tho...
Yes! There is no other option! Though I don't think he'll go for it.
i was very much against him when people wanted him in hotd but aegon the conqueror could be a good fit. why not
He should play candice
I wanna fantasy him as reeks penis from the future, he appears to everyone in their dreams and tries to educate everybody about how good hygiene for your reproductive organs can lead to a longer healthier life, with less infections.
Yes.
Henry Cavill is the only actor this sub knows
I personally think Tom Holland should play him, with Visenya played by Samuel L Jackson and Rhaenys played by Jack Black.
Nah keep big name celebs away
WTF ? Aegon Who ? Amr Waked who was in Ramy TV show would be better
Yes
He should play the entire cast. Henry >>>>>
I think it would be a good fit
Yes, please!
No, something that I like about GoT and HotD is that they usually cast not very well known actors who end up doing an amazing work, I prefer them doing that instead of casting already stabilised actors
I hope that Aegon is largely offscreen in season one of the Aegon’s conquest show.  Otherwise the show will be very boring.  Show us Argilac vs Black Harren!
Would love to see this!
100% no. His acting range is very limited.
Henry wouldn't work because Aegon is half - Black in the show universe because his mother is a Velaryon.
Aye
Well, he left The Witcher to return to DC and they dropped him right? He may as well audition 🤣
Definitely
Nope. I think he’s too beefy and thick looking. People say he could play Robert Baratheon and I agree but I don’t think Aegon.
Then people would simp for him like Daemon
also Elizabeth Olsen as one of his sisterwives
NO
Yes
Please no
I will be DECEASED IT’S A NEED 😭
Henry Cavill could play a random ass blacksmith on broke ass bitch Blvd.   We'd still appreciate him.
No, imo Targaryen men aren’t supposed to be huge and bulky, and Aegon fought all his battles on Balerion anyway. He should look like Alain Delon or Marth from fire emblem. It’s more interesting that way.
Beter not introduce more men to the show apparently the female actors on the show dont like men.
Uhhh....fuck yes
Honestly for me no. I think he is just not a good actor
He can play anything he likes as far as I’m concerned 🥰🤣
100% yes. However he’s uncomfortable w sex scenes so.
Can't wait for the nuanced Targ Nation takes when people start to feel sympathy for King Mern of House Gardner. It's surely not because he's defending his homeland against imperialist lizard invaders and surely it's because he's being played by Michael Fassbender.
I mean he was 25 when he landed in Westeros so… no.
We could've done the Blackfyre Rebellions, Robert's Rebellion, Age of Heroes, a story about Yi Ti if we're looking for a more fantasy heavy mystical vibes. But no, we gotta go with Hapsburg John Wick. Honestly, I would be more excited for a Jon Snow sequel than a Aegon the Conqueror show. Babe wake up new Targ Stan outrage just dropped when Maegor and Visenya are shown as the monsters they were, and Dorne comes off in a good light.
No, I love Henry, but does he really need to be in every fantasy TV show/Movie?
This show probably won’t be made. We already have a Targaryen story that hasn’t even seen it’s second season yet. Do we really need another Targaryen show? How about Roberts Rebellion? Or a Long Night show.
Please no
My brother in Rh’Llor
I would rather be shot in the foot
My only issue with covering The Conquest is, there’s no foil. He and his sisters showed up with 3 adult dragons. Outside of complete incompetence, it was just a matter of time before they won, and incompetence doesn’t make for the most entertaining “villain”.   The Field of Fire holds no interests for me, other than seeing how idiots from the Reach and the Westerlands thought they stood a chance in open field combat against a foe with an airforce. Cover the portion at the end of the conquest when they were still contending with Dorne, and you’re getting somewhere. At least then you’ll have worthy antagonists.
Not really. Sure, Aegon was a skilled fighter, but I don't think Henry possesses the peculiar appearance that Targaryens seem to emit. He is a lot more on the masculine side and the only dynasty member that he could play, imo, is Maegor.
Absolutely not for MANY reasons.   One of them being, I don’t like him.   I don’t want to smear anybody without proof, but while the overwhelming opinion is “omg NETFLIX RUINED the Witcher! Henry Cavill was the only one who knew what he was doing!”   - there are also other voices, about how he was kind of a nightmare to work with, and brought a kind of gamer-bro disrespectful attitude towards the female showrunners.   I’m not saying this certainly must be true, but what I AM saying is that I’m a bit cautious of fans being overly enthusiastic about him.     Counter argument: Witcher Blood Origins (or whatever it was called) SUCKED. I know. Don’t remind me of it, it hurts. Maybe The Witcher series would have looked like that, too, without his intervention.    End of story: I’m cautious, and I wouldn’t even know who he would be a good fit for? An older Maegor? except Maegor did not get that old lol
i love him but god no.
No
Just because he played a platinum blonde character in another franchise does not mean he should play one in another. No way.
Nah. I'd like him as Maegor, though, if we absolutely have to cast Cavill as a targ.
First time I felt we are never getting the book.
Because GRRM is writing in the part where the white walkers stop creating wights and start creating an army of Henry Cavill fancast soldiers
Same with Katheryn Winnick for Visenya and/ or Val tbh.
Haha, does it matter? I don’t think we are ever getting that book.   It’s been like 12 years and George literally had a whole pandemic to finish writing.
Mads Mikkelsen, Leo Suter, or Patrick Heusinger?
Why not both? I believe in him.
Henry Cavil is better cast as the iron throne itself
Mads Mikkelsen could do Aegon
**Hear me out**. Henry Cavil should play the *iron throne*.
Because he is amazing
Iys balerion the BLACK dread, im thinking chadwick boseman and...oh wait.
Fierce. I'm here for it.
Henry Cavill should play Aegon I, Visenya AND Rhaenys, and we should have a threesome where its just 3 Cavills going at it
The reason Maegor was cruel was because he was the only one who was Visenya for what she was, a man, and he went ballistic on everyone who thought she wasn't
Aegon the first was bi
"Rickard and Brandon Stark could have been nicer about their demands. A King is supposed to be respected. Besides, Aerys technically did give them a trial."
I think he can make a great Maegor.
He’s actually more age appropriate for Aerys than Rhaegar.
That's funny because he's actually the exact same age Aery's would have been.   Definitely not the right build though, as he's quoted as being thin/frail and looking much older than his age.
Mads Mikkelsen as Aegon would be cool or Patrick Heusinger/ Leo Suter.
>They picked amazing actors for Daemon, Rhaenyra, Aemond, Aegon II and Alicent so i have full faith in who they cast as Aegon  Don't you dare forget about Paddy as Vizzy T.
Mads Mikkelsen would be a good choice as well.  Edit: Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger.
I think people conflate “this is kind of what I think they would look like” fancasting and “I literally want this actor to play the character” fancasting  Cavill undoubtedly a great source for gifs and graphics (the former) but definitely not who I would like to see in the role (the latter).
Same thing happened with Bryan Cranston. People thought he should play every bald person in existence.
I remember before the Witcher when the fancast for him was Robert Baratheon during Robert’s Rebellion.  I didn’t disagree with the choice. He doesn’t look terribly like young Mark Addy, though.
He’s hot and looks good with white hair. That’s about it.
Danny Devito, then.
Joseph Morgan is who I imagine. Intense, British, unconventionally attractive, kind of scary when he wants to be.
Targaryens are meant to be beautiful. Henry fits the bill perfectly.
Agree. Unconventional was the word I was trying to think of when I used “textbook” hot.
Targaryens are meant to be handsome/beautiful. No actor is too handsome to play a Targaryen
Leo Suter
Bill Skasgard
I feel like this dude is dopey as helllll and idk I think it would pull me out of it
100%. Feels like there should be a 2010 Sean Bean line. If they’re less famous than 2010 Sean Bean, cast them, if more famous, pass.
The ASOIAF method for shows shouldn’t change.
Plus he's too jacked. Aegon is supposed to be a lot of things but I dunno if his armor is supposed to be bursting at the seams.   Would make sense how he bangs both his sisters though...
Me too. He has his charm, but he’s a mediocre actor.
Mads Mikkelsen
This just made me audibly laugh on the bus
Everybody on these shows are old as hell and play younger characters
Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger?
Kinda wished the mods would do something about this. I see something about Cavil casting almost everyday
Gonna be a long year 1/2
Ten years ago maybe.  He’ll be damn near 50 till they get anything going.
Word
Mads Mikkelsen, Patrick Heusinger or Leo Suter.
Oh god please
Dany would like a word.
The books literally say otherwise.
Curious why is that your head canon? I WANT him to be but everything I read about him paints him kinda stoic in my head canon outside of maybe 2-3 things.
Aegon I is NOT a charismatic person tho
I hope they don't use that treatment from a while ago where Aegon is a drunk carried by Rhaenys and Visenya. However, I think it would he really interesting if Aegon is kind of like Renly "he knew how to sit on a horse and prance about, and he thought that made him fit to be king" and Visenya and Rhaenys are behind all the political stuff. Imagine if Visenya and Rhaenys played "good cop bad cop" by using their respective reputations. Maybe Visenya was really sweet if you got to know her, and Rhaenys, well, she wasn't in Dorne to fire a non-letal warning shot against House Uller.
That kinda fits Cavill tho, if you watch interviews he is always the most awkward person there
Alex maybe. But I can’t see Bill in that character, and I love his acting.
Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger
I could see that
Yes! Travis is a great actor that would make a great Aegon.
That's what the internet wants you to think
Mads Mikkelsen would be cool  Edit: Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger
Oh yes Alexander was fantastic as bjorn Ironside, he could actually pull it off
Was lookin for this.
I think he'd be great as Bloodraven if we get a Blackfyre Rebellion show
After watching Camelot, it's easy to see Jamie as a Targaryen. I usually imagine him as a grown Aegon the younger.
He looks the part I think, Targaryen men should be slender and less traditionally masculine, it’s more interesting that way
How is this unpopular it’s just the truth lol. Hes just good looking
Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger?
I like Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger better
Leo Suter
I like Travis but I think Leo Suter’s a better pick
Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger
It didn't work for Geralt b/c he was never buff like Cavill.
Maekar would be good.
Nah he ain’t tough enough. Needs to be someone who can pull off being a badass.
I like Hunnam but nah..
I've always felt that Cavill would make an excellent Dragonstone
Heck no. It needs be someone who can pull off being a badass. Tim is to skinny and not tough enough.
Not if it is done as a Feature film to set up the Next show.
I like that..
I agree. He’s better as a good guy. What about Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger?
Jesus Christ, you need to put a new record on this one seems like it's scratched. You have barely been able to type anything other than this the whole damn thread. I think people understand by now which actors you want to play these roles.
Way too old he's like twice the character's age.
He's almost 60, Aegon is 27 when the conquest starts. That's way too much of an age jump
You are starting a campaign =)
I think he's too old. He's already 39. Figure that show would be at least 5 years away, puts him at 44. That's basically the same age Mark Addy was when he played old Bobby B.  I do laugh at the idea that someone who looks like Henry Cavil could turn into Mark Addy through a life of heavy drinking and debauchery though.
Leo Suter is growing on me
Patrick Heusinger or Mads Mikkelsen..
I like Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger as Aegon more than Hunnam.
Henry Cavill as Orys Baratheon
Baby. First? As someone who wrapped up the book series almost ten years ago and quit on the show season four… it’s been winter for a long time. We will get the Westeros.org version in 2050.
So we are never gonna see it now. For sure this time. 😔
But this one actually makes sense. Henry is out of budget, Katheryn is the perfect cast and within possibility.
This one I actually dig, we won't get WoW anyway lol
Did you co-opt OP’s joke to compare an actor on a cable series to the guy that played Superman?
I think we will have it, even if it's not complete we know he has a lot of stuff done, and if the worse scenario happens before he can finish the book I think at least that would be published.    The last book is definitely not coming.
He really doesn't like to finish does he?
A small part of me hopes it was delayed to get rid of the King Raisin Bran ending. My therapist only watched the first few seasons and the "What the fuck? That makes no sense" he blurted out when I told him who ended up ruling was perfect 😂
Ah there it is. The Reddit fanboy casting of obsession for Mads Mikkelsen.
*I’d sit on that iron throne.*
Damn this is brilliant. So whoever gets to sit the throne gets to sit on his face. I'll kill for that too lol
He could do a brilliant Maegor
Genuinely wondering how old you think Aegon is
Daddy Mads is a bit old for Aegon, no? I’m envisioning him as a 30 year old at the oldest, at the time of the conquest
I think so too.
Aegon the first was big gay.  You can finish your sentences here.
"Tywin was sabotaging Aerys' reign the entire time, so the whole conflict is actually all Tywin's fault."  "Brandon Stark was threatening to kill the heir to the throne in the middle of the Red Keep. What else did he expect?"  "Aerys was just experiencing PTSD from Duskendale, he didn't actually mean it."
This has been my opinion as well. Also Maegor did nothing wrong
I simp for Maegor he saved the Dynasty.
I simp for Maegor he saved the Dynasty.
My dream fan casting is Cody Fern from AHS to play Rhaegar in a Robert’s Rebellion show or movie. It will probably never happen, but I think based on how the character’s looks are described, he would be perfect.
WHAT LORD WOULD WED HER NOW?  IN THIS CONDITION!?
I am stupid for not including him. Paddy is the best out of all of them especially since he had nothing to work off of since they glaze over Vizzy T in the books.
They said UNconventionally attractive
Well, it *is* canon that Aegon I had a Magnum Dong.
Henry is more of a Maegor to me.
I get that. But like look at Emma D’arcy. They are beautiful but in a weird ethereal kind of way. You wouldn’t look at them at first glance and think “yeah they’re gorgeous”
Yes, please. He’s the right age for Aegon’s Conquest and does great work on Vikings. As much as I love Henry Cavill, he’s getting a little too old to be considered for the part, unless a series intends to go beyond Aegon’s Conquest into Aegon’s reign.
Wrong role for him
I don't think he fits the part of any Targaryen to be honest. I think all of them as a little slender and not buff like Henry is. The only exception would be Maegor but I still can't see him as that. I also don't know if he has the acting chops for any part on Westeros. He can play some easier parts like Superman and Geralt but that's it. I may be wrong though, I haven't seen much of his work.
Man calling Henry Cavill dopey?  I don't know if I've ever seen a take I disagree with more
It's funny but I think some of the most famous casts (with some exception) of established actors have been for smaller parts (e.g., Ian McShane, Jim Broadbent, Jonathan Pryce, Richard E. Grant, Essie Davis, Diana Rigg) and usually older actors. But bear in mind that I was raised on British period dramas so that's probably not the opinion of a lot of viewers.
Daemon is not an unknown actor.
The what now
I mean he's a renowned and well known warrior, he'd have to be a little jacked fighting in armor
He’s not relatively unknown at all lol, he’s already already approaching 60yrs old
isn’t aegon supposed to be in his 20s
Tbf HotD’s cast were actually younger than their characters, for the most part
Exactly
And Henry will be in his mid forties
Yeah, same with Henry. 10 years ago either of them would have been great!
And that wouldn't matter if the makeup artists are great
Dany the Targaryen man?
Probably bc he was a natural diplomat, not just a warrior. He managed to convince a few rulers to bend the knee to him without any bloodshed.
Thank you
yeah i think so too. the only one that should be burly is Maegor. when i think of Targs i think of them having head turning beauty, even the men.  the buff actors would be good as one of the Baratheon guys or even Hugh the Hammer.
Nah he's pretty good here was great in man of steel and enola holmes
I could see that.
Yea so who would u pick
Lol Mads would be perfect. I thought Henry at first but Mads is growing on me. Only thing is the age thing. That can be worked around tho.  Leo Suter or Patrick Heusinger would be nice too.
😅good call with the show. I had to see my poor sand snakes turn out like that before I tapped out. idk maybe the teaser chapters made me too optimistic that I'll see it eventually. But the Henry Cavill fancast curse has finally made me reconsider.
Haha, I don't *hate* it either. But it's a recommendation you'll see in almost every recommendation thread for a good 10 years now.
Nah, just pointing out 1 more actor who had been recommended to death for ASOIAF. Been seeing her name pop up for Visenya for nearly a decade now.
Keyword: *played*. Y’all act like he is literally Superman & fan cast this man for every role. Might as well be meet the cranks.
In fairness, I've seen Kathryn fan casted as Visenya far more then I've seen Henry as Aegon.
I agree. I think we gets Winds. Dream of summer is just that; a dream
We berserk fans lost our writer before he finished his work its only fitting that the same happens to you guys.
Does he have children?
Exactly. It ends up becoming the bachelor but with serial murdering
Maegor >!died at 36!<. You guys gotta think younger for this stuff.
Oh fuck yes
Age can be worked around but if u want a younger actor I’d suggest Patrick Heusinger
He was 27 in 1 AC, Mads is nearing 60
Its Maegor the BASED
yes i stand with maegor apologists
Maegor started what Cersei finished...
:(
I would :(
What is this shadow? Name it, if it casts such a gloom
Matt Smith from another dimension?
It is know.
>You wouldn’t look at them at first glance and think “yeah they’re gorgeous”  Not second or third glance either. Or thirtieth. Maybe because calling her beautiful is a subjective opinion.  While most Targs are objectively beautiful.
Cavill as Maegor would be awesome just to see people make up reasons as to why Maegor did nothing wrong
Same thoughts
Playing Geralt as well as Cavill did is super fucking impressive, especially given the scripts he was working with.
Don't forget Mark Gatiss
He’s really only that well known in Britain though. Henry Cavill is well known worldwide as a blockbuster actor
True but Matt Smith is less known than Henry Cavill.
Basically using relatively unknown actors and actresses for their series with the occasional not so big name to draw audiences.
Lots of great warriors in the past but I don't picture guys like Jamie, Arthur Dayne and Barristan Selmy as particularly swole.
You don't have to really, the characters who were jacked were explicitly said to be jacked, and Aegon the Conquerer was not one of them.   The best (and probably only) characters who Henry Cavill could fit are (young) Robert Baratheon, Renly, Maegor the Cruel and Daemon Blackfyre  Edit: add in Brandon Stark (Ned's older brother) and Maekar Targaryen to that list
What about Patrick Heusinger or Leo Suter
Age can be worked around
Henry looks whatever age you need him to be
Yes
Not taking anything away from his diplomacy, I just don't feel he did it very charismatic. When I read through the Conquest here's how he came off to me: "Hey, I got dragons and I'm gonna unite the 7 Kingdoms. Bend the knee and keep your lands and titles (minus crowns/kingship), or die and ill give it to someone else."   I'm not saying he didn't have lengthier conversations with any of his opponents, but this was the gist of it. Charismatic implies he could charm the devotion out of an opponent and I just can't think of any examples of that.  Take Torrhen Stark for example. He didn't give up his crown and bend the knee because of Aegon's charm. He saw what happened to everyone else and said he wasn't just gonna lead his people to death.
I don't care who is cast as long as it's not the same six actors who have been caught in these fancast circlejerks
When they didn't cast Arianne, I knew it was going to be a shitshow. I watched it but I was very very critical of it.
Right, I've seen Katheryn Winnick fancast as Visenya for years (and often), long before the Henry-should-play-every-role obsession started.
I had to look her up, the name didn’t ring any bells. I did watch the first couple of seasons of Vikings back in the day and thought she was good. The comparison to Cavill seemed a little wild, but I can see it if she gets brought up a lot. People want Cavill for everything, including the role he just lost.   Let’s be real though, they’re going to cast some UK stage actor for Aegon, same way they do everyone else.
Dude is a super nerd. If he's a fan he might do good things for the series, provided the showrunners listen to him.
Completely sane way of thinking
Sean Bean was 50 when they started filming Game of Thrones. TV Ned was 41 when the show started. Book Ned was 34 when the book series started.   Paddy Considine was 47 when they started filming House of the Dragon. TV Viserys was 39 and book Viserys was 28 when Aemma died.   Mads Mikkelsen is 57, but he’s aged slightly better than Sean or Paddy. Aegon died at 64, which would put him at dying in his late 80s for TV, which means Mads has ~30 years before he’s too old to play post-conquest Aegon.   Maegor is sliiiiightly outside his HBO Timewarp Age-appropriateness for Maegor. But also, given HBO’s penchant for aging characters up more for how much more mad they were (see Aerys II’s 90-year-old-looking character) and given the practical effects we have now, I could see him maybe squeaking in as Maegor.   But he’s definitely on the table for end-of-reign Aegon. Hell, even in a story about Jaehaerys and Maegor, he could serve for a whole fuckton of flashbacks.
Mads is amazing though, it's hard to not want him cast in as many projects as possible! He's always one of the best parts of anything he's in even if the overall show or movie isn't any good. It'd be fun to see him in something ASOIAF related even if he's not a Targ.
Yes, officer. This guy right here.
Maybe Patrick Heusinger or Leo Suter
maegor the cool
Baelor finished what Maegor started, Cersei destroyed it.
Underrated comment here
She'd still cheat on you with her uncle.
But he's already from another dimension.
As if people need Cavill to do that. Look at the current cast. None of them looks anything like Cavill, yet I bet I can find posts like that about almost every character.
Matt Smith isn't known in the USA?
Maybe in the U.S.  Matt Smith played Doctor Who.
They’re not casting a 60yr old aegon lol
>they’re going to cast some UK stage actor for Aegon  Lol, agreed 1000%. Which is fine by me. Love all the relatively unknown British acting talent GOT/ HOTD introduced me to.   And yeah, I can see not knowing who Katheryn Winnick is. She's just one of those names that constantly gets brought up if you spend alot of time in Ice and Fire forums.
>Let’s be real though, they’re going to cast some UK stage actor for Aegon, same way they do everyone else.  And thank god for that, cos Cavill can't act. He's a handsome block of wood.
In the above cases, fudging those numbers didn't fundamentally change the spirit of those characters at those points in their lives. Viserys had to be played by an actor who could cover decades of his life with the meat of it being toward the end of his years. Would you really want to see Aegon conquering Westeros as played by a 57+ year old? I don't think there's any chance HBO or anyone in charge does this, especially because Aegon's story is most relevant in his younger years as opposed to Ned or Viserys. Maegor is the same. This is like if people lobbied for Rhaenyra, with her father alive and her young children and many pregnancies, to be played by a 60 year old. It's just a little bit absurd.
Baelor was a religious freak. Maegor outlawed the Faith Militant. Cersei burned it to the ground.
Between The Crown, Dr Who, and Morbius he ought to be at this point
Leo Suter
Good deal, thanks for the info!
You’re not wrong!
I didn’t want to see Ned played by a quintigenarian until I saw Sean Bean in the role. I didn’t want Robert to be played by a 45-year-old until I saw Mark Addy in the role. I didn’t want Jaime to be played by a 40-year-old until I saw Nikolaj Coster-Waldau in the role.  And, no, like I said in the comment you replied to, I don’t want to see Mikkelsen as AC1 Aegon. Rather as a AC25 or AC30 Aegon. Either in a story set then or as a flashback during Jaehaerys’s Uprising against Maegor, in heavy flashback form, from Maegor’s perspective, about Maegor and Aenys’s childhood.   Or, and I don’t think I’d trust HBO with this project but it would be amazing if done well: Balerion’s flashbacks to Aegon and his other riders from the time point of Maegor’s Usurping.  Edit to add: Aerys II was 39 when he died in the books. In the show he was played by a man who was 70 when he was filmed in the role.   Aging up for the show makes sense when you consider the sexualization of young girls in the books, which is unfortunately and fairly accurately historically-advised. The age up cascades upward from there. I understand it.
Maegor and Baelor had the same goal, make the faith submit house to Targaryen, Maegor broke their military power, Baelor their symbolic power by mocing their center from Oldtown to KL. Cersei fucked everything up by giving its power to the faith.
I hear you, but the implied context of this post is fancasting for [HBO's possible Conquest film/series.](https://variety.com/2023/tv/news/game-of-thrones-prequel-aegons-conquest-hbo-1235570239/) My original point was that people are way off base with ages throughout the comments and that remains true. Aegon isn't going to be in his sixties conquering Westeros. Similarly, for important story reasons, Maegor is a dude in his 30s. His mother is still alive and kicking ass (and being a general menace). Virility is a huge part of his story. He's an ostensibly healthy man in the prime of his life who can solo his haters and live to tell the tale but can't father children. That can be stretched to 40 in terms of actors to play 30-something, but not 60.
Yeah, Cersei used the Faith Militant to get rid of the Tyrells and it backfired on her. Only when they did the same and worse to her did she realize they had to be destroyed, and that she did.
I feel where you’re coming from, too, and I wasn’t replying to anything in particular except the Mads vs Aegon/Maegor age difference because the HBO vs GRRM age differences has been something I’ve had very strong neutral opinions (meaning strong but equal feelings in both camps) about since GoT S1.   At this point, after the fucking emotional yo-yo George has had me on for decades, HBO has had me on for a decade, D&D completely cut the cord on, and Condal has reignited a very anxious repatriation with, I’m willing to settle for anyone who can bring the character off the page.  And I’ve been pleasantly surprised with the aging up that’s become the norm. *And* I personally feel like the majority of Martin’s story lines do actually translate better with an older character played by an even older actor.   Black Corlys? Yup. White-haired Rhaenys? Yup. Tyrion without heterochromia? Yup. Tywin with hair? Yup. Jorah without all the beard? Yup. I’ve spent enough of my life hung up on those little discrepancies before S8 failed to make S7 worth it. I can sit by Mads as Maegor if we’re not denied the story crafting of Martin and a good show runner.
Thats assuming Cersei is smart, she isn't particularly.
> And I’ve been pleasantly surprised with the aging up that’s become the norm. And I personally feel like the majority of Martin’s story lines do actually translate better with an older character played by an even older actor.  I definitely agree with this at least as it pertains to the young characters. Dany, Jon, Robb etc., all really benefit from being young adults rather than teenagers.   I agree, those changes didn't fundamentally alter the resonance of those characters or their stories, and in a lot of cases made them far richer. I really think a 60 year old as 20-30 year olds would fundamentally change things though, and I personally have little interest in, for example, Maegor being changed to that extent. My flair probably gives it away, but that's my dude. My terrible, terrible dude. There's definitely wiggle room (like Alicent being aged down to give the Alicent/Rhaenyra relationship a more interesting spin), and the most important thing is always writing. I think there's plenty a good writing team could do to tweak things short of making those guys old as balls though.
Nobody is assuming she's smart, it's pretty obvious she is not, or else she would have never give them power, as she should have known they wouldn't accept her incest and adultery.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Absolutely. It plays a huge role in making unimpressive scenes so powerful. Who would've thought a decrepit man waddling for two minutes could give someone chills.
It’s so good!  Rewatched the last 2 episodes yesterday.  The scene where Ser Erryk Cargyll walks up to the steps at Dragon stone during the funeral, swears to Rhaenyra, and gives her the Crown is so moving.
https://res.cloudinary.com/sagacity/image/upload/Ramin_Djawadi_Game_of_Thrones_cjpptr.jpg
He’s so good, makes me so sad we won’t get to see him score a final season of westworld, his music on that show was godly. At least we got more HOTD scores coming from him.
The Cersei blowing up the sept episode with that piano is incredible. Simple, but so great
Ramin is amazing. He really never disappoints. Still wished we had a new intro song though.
He’s amazing. Without his music the big moments wouldn’t hit nearly as hard.
Exactly, Ramin did a amazing job and i cant wait for next season's soundtrack.
One of the best scenes in TV history.
Yea i think there would have been a risk with that. You can see the show runners didn’t wanna stray to far away from Game Of Thrones since they had a bad rep from season 8. So i get it and it doesn’t bother me but definitely would rather have the Targaryen theme song from GOT or the remix version that they used in the beginning of episode one when Rhaenyra is riding Syrax
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In the beginning, yes. They are still gambling with their lives, but it seems a bit less likely that Rhaenyra wants to harm them.  But then she suggests for Aemond to be tortured after one of her kids cuts out his eye. (Demonstrating that she has no issue suggesting violence as a first resort.) And then she “murders” Laenor. And then she does the biggest thing of all that would remove any shadow of a doubt that she would kill absolutely anyone for any reason no matter how small. ***She marries Daemon Targaryen.*** (Directly after she “murders” her own husband.)   Then when Vaemond Velaryon shows up to King’s Landing to petition for his home, (His brother is ill, his nephew was murdered by Rhaenyra and Daemon and they might try to make a non-Velaryon take over House Velaryon), her husband murders Vaemond without hesitation right in front of the Greens.   So, from the Greens' perspective, they either have to believe that Rhaenyra is gunning for them, or she is just a complete empty-headed dumb-dumb. It seems they are more inclined to believe the former, but neither is a comforting option for them.  (Now I know a lot of people prefer to believe the dumb-dumb version of Rhaenyra by saying that she married Daemon because she loves him. But I just find that too hard to believe. I don’t think anyone even likes Daemon. Anyone. And Rhaenyra has more of reason to be repulsed by him them most other people.   Yeah, I don't think Rhaenyra is a dumb-dumb. I think she knew exactly what she was doing when she married Daemon. She was trying to strike legitimate fear into the hearts of the Greens. It didn't work. They crowned Aegon anyway. Now she’s gotta deal with the consequences.   Otherwise, the writing and the characters are just a bunch of nonsensical scattershot that sometimes ends up in weird contradictions. Except for the Rhaenys dragonpit scene. That was just a glaring mistake that unfortunately slipped by everyone.)
Because neither Alicent nor Heleana are threats to her, but their sons are.  And even if Rhaenyra would not kill her sons, Daemon sure as hell would have
Well Rhaenyra was also told her sons could have a place of honor in Aegon's court and surprisingly Daemon didn't like this suggestion. I wonder why. It's not like Rhaenyra ever called for Aemond to be tortured. If it didn't happen then the dance would've happened when Jace ruled or when some other generation ruled. There were too many Targaryens. I mean, the Blackfyre rebellions did most certainly happen. Also treachery is really funny because why are you acting as if you're personally attacked by the Greens taking the throne.
>That is nonsense..Rhaenyra did not kill Alicent and Helaena when she **could** and should have killed Alicent  When was Rhaenyra able to kill Alicent? I know Visery is a bitch with no backbone but this isn't the wild wild west
Doesn’t matter if she would or wouldn’t. All that matters is they believe she would. Her asking for her brother to be tortured and then marrying Daemon didn’t help her case.
She didn't killed both of them for two reasons..   1) They could be used as hostages.. 2) There would be a revolt in KL    Isn't she the one who put reward on Helaena's children heads.. Or is it someone else.. I can't remember....
None of that is relevant though, Alicent and Helaena are no threat to Rhaenyra's claim. Alicent obviously has no right to the throne, and because Rhaenyra is the elder sister, she comes before Helaena in the line of succession. The threat to Rhaenyra are Viserys' sons, who by all rights, should have succeeded him, as long as they and any descendents of theirs live, Rhaenyra's succession will always be under scrutiny. Maybe she gets away with it for her own reign, but if Jacaerys succeeded her, it'd guarantee some form of conflict.  None of this is to say Rhaenyra would want to kill her brothers, I don't see anyone saying that, she'll have no choice. Sure, it'd start all sunshine and rainbows, but over the years, with rebellions and conspiracies popping up to place Aegon on the throne, she'd cave in to the pressure. Eventually, she'd realise its the only way to secure the throne for her and her kids. And no, Alicent couldn't trust Rhaenyra's initial offer any more than Rhaenyra could trust Otto's offer of places of honour at court, it's a 2 way street.  The Blackfyre claimants were a whole different can of worms, Daeron was the legit king, he was Aegon IV's oldest son. Daemon was a bastard yes but he was legitimised, and had rights to the succession, but only should Daeron and his sons all die out would he ascend the throne, so there was no reason to believe there would be any threat of rebellion. They are two different situations.
Would you mind formatting this better, please?
It's clear in the book that she didn't want to be a kinslayer before Luke's death.
Rhaenyra called all of her brothers 'half-brothers' since the very beginning while mentioning Helaena as 'sister'. She asked for her 10-year-old brother to be tortured because she was trying to defend her deception having herself put the matter forward publically to force Viserys' hand. She also SHOWED she was a blood thirsty tyrant. The incident with Vaemond for example most definitely didn't happened the way the show sanitized it,.   Also, GRRM loves Medieval History ang gets inspired a lot from British history. Given his overall references, with incidents like the Princes in the Tower, I'm pretty sure that Alicent's fears are not meant to be nonsense.   Also, you know what is pure ambition? Lying, manipulating, dooming a kingdom because you're going against every existing precedent and inheritance laws while also not being willing to change the system you're trying to cheat.
I don’t really think it’s fair to frame the treachery solely on Alicent. Was she incorrect in believing Rhaenyra planned to murder her kids? Most likely. But Otto spent half her life feeding her paranoia about it. And without a mother, and being a teenage mom herself, Otto is her only true emotion pillar, and he took advantage of his position in that regard.
I would kill of you if I was scared for my life and that means I’ll live. Idc if you’re the president, pope, whatever, however immoral people think it is. So there’s that.
They had 6 years for Aegon to accidentally die in a brothel. Daemon never cared about it.
Daemon respects and obey Rhaenyra as Queen..He would not do that if Rhaenyra did not approve it..
When she took KL
Marrying daemon helped her,bolster her claim in contrary
No hostages,at this point Rhaenyra was triuphant with 7 dragons or more under her rule,she could just killed them because of the treason they committed against Realm…Not heads..Just handing them to her..
>None of this is to say Rhaenyra would want to kill her brothers, I don't see anyone saying that, she'll have no choice. Sure, it'd start all sunshine and rainbows, but over the years, with rebellions and conspiracies popping up to place Aegon on the throne, she'd cave in to the pressure.  Just as Queen Elizabeth eventually executed her cousin. Mary, Queen of Scots and then blamed her ministers.  And now that I think about it, the time Henry VII executed Edward Plantagenet for "treason" when Henry was starting to make marriage plans for his son Arthur.
>The threat to Rhaenyra are Viserys' sons, who by all rights, should have succeeded him,   I wish people would cut it with this "all rights" nonsense. Rulers in Westeros have the right to pick their heir. Viserys picked Rhaenyra as his heir.
Yes she was inncorect..She knew too well Rhaenyra by this point to know that she was very much like her father’s daughter in ruling and would not kill anyone..
You say as if the Greens didn't have their own spies and bodyguards to protect him, assassinations aren't so easy.
Respects and obeys her so much that he goes directly against her orders whilst she's incapacitated in labour and berates her for all her decisions right in front of all her vassals.
He tried to choke her to death shortly after she was declared queen.
Right remember how he respectfully groomed her, or respectfully choked her, or respectfully fucked off with Nettles? Daemon does not respect and obey Rhaenyra as his queen, just when it suits him.  &#x200B;  Plus in an other comment you mentioned how Blood and Cheese was Daemon's fault and Rhaenyra did not aprove of it, but now he does nothing without her aprovement. So what is it?
He respects her like I respect a gta npc.....
You mean after blood and cheese where they already killed one of Heleana's toddlers that had nothing to do with stuff?
Alicent and Helena were loved by the people, you can see later on why Rhaenyra did not kill them.
That’s one thing I never got. How did it help her claim? It seemed like more of a gamble, as Velaryons may have become enemies with Laeonr’s supposed murder.
I believe Aemond, Daeron still lives..  Lannisters, Hightowers, Baratheons still supports Green's claim....
Aegon, Daeron and Aemond were still alive with two armies headed to King's Landing alongside the strongest dragon in the Seven Kingdoms. And she didn't hesitate at all in killing Otto either. Let's not forget the Bounty on Maelor's head.
I mean, kind of? There are pre-established rules of succession, it's not just some mad free for all, the difference is that most rulers have 'chosen' the heir that is already in line with pre-existing precedents, like Aenys choosing Aegon as his heir. It's specifically said that there was dispute over whether Maegor or Rhaena came after Aenys in the succession but that once Aegon was born, all arguements ended and he was immediately recognised as the undisputed heir. In theory he could've named Rhaena his heir, but how likely is it that people would've supported her claim after his death?  People are right to say 'by all rights' Viserys's son should be his successor; they're right. It's just a very unprecedented situation, so both views are justified in their own interpretations.
Even if Alicent thought Rhaenyra wouldn't... the possibility will always exist. And there's Daemon to consider, who 100% would.  When you're a mother, when you're a parent, your children having any kind of target on their backs is an unacceptable risk, no matter how slim.
We've already seen enough in Episode 9. Aegon just ran away and no one knew where he was. Except for Daemon's "special friend".
Book is not clear abou Rhaenyra’s voice in that matter..Perhaps she was not involved in this..As I noticed in the reading process something is happening between daemon and Rhaenyra.. Show makes it clear with their different approaches how to wage wars..Rhaenyra is more peaceful and diplomatic while Daemon goes straightly towards bloodshed..Perhaps it was Daemon’s plot only perhaps not as Rhaenyra was so angry and distraught because of luke’s death..But we should wait and see
There's no evidence they killed him in either version of the story. They didn't have to worry about the Velaryons turning on them in the show because they could reveal he's alive whenever they wants. Assuming he doesn't get himself killed anyway.
Former heir to the throne and most-feared war commander in westeros.
&#x200B;  >In theory he could've named Rhaena his heir, but how likely is it that people would've supported her claim after his death?  Pretty likely. People were already saying she should the heir. People supported her and her daughter claims after Maegor died. Aenys also wasn't the type to fight his sister over the throne.  >People are right to say 'by all rights' Viserys's son should be his successor; they're right.  No they're not. One of the rights a ruler has it to pick an heir. You can't say Aegon is heir by "all rights" when you're ignoring one of the rights.  >It's just a very unprecedented situation,  No it's not. Jaehaerys picked a non traditional heir when he made Baelor the heir over Rhaenys. The Great Council then doubled down on that by picking Viserys over Laenor.
Daemon would not do such things without Rhaenyra’s permission..He respects her as Queen…If Daemon was such a horrible thing as he is described by maesters he would have killed Aemond before by some treachery to ensure that greatest dragon would not be on green side..Do not forget however resentments toward each other,they were family and would not go to slaughter each other for daubts and feelings only,it was luke’s death that destroyed everything and it was an accident too.I am sure showrunners got that Aemond/Vhagar detail from Martin,that not being able of controlling dragons caused that disaster what is dance of the dragons..
Even if it was soley Daemon, Rhaenyra still did nothing against it.  Plus even then putting your halfsister in a whore house where she eventually commits suicide is hardly mercy.
In the show, Rhaenyra specifically mentions that people will think her and Daemon did it, and that they will be feared because of it.  To your next point, revealing he’s suddenly alive will have further consequences. The marriage between Daemon and Rhaenyra would be illegitimate, and Viserys and Aegon would be seen as bastards. The Velaryons, although somewhat placated, are gonna still be quite angry they can never see their son again.  I know they still supported Rhaenyra and team black, but as we’ve seen, Corlys was very close to deciding to go full neutral. It was only Rhaenys arguing otherwise that stopped him. I don’t think the fake killing of Laenor was a good political idea.
Exactly, “Feared”. It’s a double edged blade, and although it may appeal to some lords, the nobles who saw Daemon as a threat would then surely see her claim as a threat, no?
"Former" as in basically disinheritted
Yeah Daemon always listens to Rhaenyra. He doesn’t choke her out, or go behind her back while she’s in labour, or secretly make plans to assassinate Aegon’s children
>In the show, Rhaenyra specifically mentions that people will think her and Daemon did it, and that they will be feared because of it.  I know what she said. I'm saying that there was no evidence that they killed Laenor. Corlys and Rhaenys are smart enough to realize they can't accuse Daemon and Rhaenyra of killing their son without evidence.  >To your next point, revealing he’s suddenly alive will have further consequences. The marriage between Daemon and Rhaenyra would be illegitimate, and Viserys and Aegon would be seen as bastards.  They wouldn't have to tell everyone he was alive. Just his parents.  >The Velaryons, although somewhat placated, are gonna still be quite angry they can never see their son again.  His mother has a dragons and his father already spends most of his away from home. They could see him whenever they wanted. Laenor just couldn't come home.  I know they still supported Rhaenyra and team black, but as we’ve seen, Corlys was very close to deciding to go full neutral. It was only Rhaenys arguing otherwise that stopped him.  >I don’t think the fake killing of Laenor was a good political idea.  Agreed on that front. I don't know why the writers had Rhaenyra talk about people thinking she killed her husband like it was a good thing.
He is not perfect,but he definitely loves her as martin and showrunners made clear
Yep, that's what people in love do, they groom you from a young age and then physically abuse you when they get frustrated that you have you're own will and and ideas. If Daemon 'loves' Rhaenyra, it's obsession and abusive and shouldn't be defended, none of that is to even mention that he's her uncle.
* The fact that Rhaenyra doesn't speak to any of her siblings, even once (especially Aegon, but honestly any of them) bothers me so, so so much * *Literally nobody ever mentioning Daeron* (I know he's in the intro sequence but, like, *damn*\- a lot of viewers ended the season not knowing what the intro sequence *was even showing them*) * Everything, absolutely everything, regarding this secret passed down Targaryen prophecy * removing the ambiguity of who caused the fire at Harrenhall * Mysaria never being pregnant * as much as I happen to dislike Daemon, having him murder Rhea was .... an odd choice
For me it's the last minute reconciliation between Alicent and Rhaenyra at Viserys' last supper. It was super odd that decades of hatred was resolved in five minutes only for Alicent to completely betray Rhaenyra moments after reconciling with her. To make Alicent seem even remotely sympathetic they had to make it so she "misunderstood" Viserys' rambling about the Prince Who Was Promised.   Also, straight up making Aegon a rapist. That removed any kind of moral gray area in the Dance. Now it's just "Girl defying misogyny vs. Rapist"
Disagree with most of this, but you are right about there not being enough focus on the fallout of Laenor's "murder". It was supposed to be this big move, and we do see some of the repercussions of it via the Driftmark petition, but it is weird how Rhaenyra seems almost surprised that people think that she had Laenor "killed" when she fully anticipated it in just the previous episode when she was planning it out.   I also think that it's pretty weird how Vaemond never mentions Laenor's murder in his whole spiel. The only reason he's even making this petition is because everyone thinks that Laenor has been murdered. And to Vaemond, it looks like the people responsible for Laenor's murder are now trying to take Laenor's inheritance. You would think he would mention something about that since he's letting everything off of his chest then.
I think they didn't stick the landing. Ep 9 and 10 had the biggest issues for me.   The decisions they made for some characters are really baffling. Alicent has been build up for an entire season to fear for her kids' lives and is set up in Ep 7 to be an active player but suddenly she feels conflicted, doesn't know a coup was on the cards for the past 6 years and needs a contrived misunderstanding to join it? Come on! That doesn't make her sympathetic, it just makes her a moron. Fear for her kids would be more sympathetic than that.    In general the fact that their only way to make people sympathetic is to have them do an oopsie. Alicent didn't mean to be in the coup, she just misunderstood! Aemond didn't mean to kill Luke, he just wanted to scare him and it went wrong! Criston didn't want to kill Beesbury, he just didn't control his strength! Honestly it's so evident that they're trying to make the characters more likeable that it backfired from me. I don't see them as more likeable or sympathetic over these. I see them as incompetent and overemotional fools.   Then we have Alicent's peace terms that the show tries to pass off as good and decent and honorable. Was that supposed to be an enticing offer? I wouldn't let my toddlers next to Aemond and Aegon for 3 minutes, what makes you think I'd let them be their glorified hostages? Hell no. Also, Alicent said in early Ep 9 that Rhaenyra and Daemon won't bend the knee. Why is she sending peace terms of she believes that? Did she kinda forget about it?   Along with that we have the bridge scene in Ep 10. First, why did they cut all the cool dialogue from the book? It's not like they wrote a better one. Rhaenyra was acting like a child with that "Fukcing traitor" thing. Then she was tearing up over that piece of paper. She just lost her father, her throne, her baby and her life is possibly in danger because of Alicent but she's over here crying over Alicent's pathetic reminder of a friendship that's been dead for 20 years now? Seriously? Rhaenyra should have been furious, not cry over it and any semblance of friendship between them should be dead. Too many things have happened for any positive feelings to still be alive and I'll die on this hill.   The feet scene. What the hell was that?   Those are my main complaints. I overall liked the show but the last two episodes really left a bitter taste in my mouth and I hope they won't be an indication of how S2 is going to go down.
Lord Corlys's behavior is, in my opinion, totally unrealistic.  A medieval nobleman is not going to handover his family's lands and titles to the bastard son of his daughter-in-law and her lover. Having Corlys say "History does not remember blood, it remembers names" doesn't cut it. That's just hand waving masquerading as dialogue.  It's even less realistic given that Corlys thinks Rhaenyra is complicit in his son Laenor's death.  And to make it even worse, moments after Corlys says Rhaenyra is complicit in his son's death, he's pledging her the full assistance of Driftmark.  To be fair, some of this stems from the book (which can also be a bit unrealistic), but I think the book handled it better. The timeline of events in the book made Corlys's behavior more understandable. But in the show it's result oriented writing to hit a plot point rather than character oriented writing that results in a plot point.
The truncated timeline really had them holding back on exploring and developing interesting character dynamics.  The constant enormous timeskips were a mistake, I don’t care that they supposedly wanted to skip right to the war as quickly as possible, if that were the case they should have just started older and/or figured out some kind of extended flashback dual timeline style of storytelling, but ideally they could have just moved the point we’re at now to more like the middle or tail end of s2 and allow the younger segments room to breathe
The whole Alicent misunderstanding Viserys and usurping the throne because of the misunderstanding. It would have made Alicent a far more interesting characters if she thought Rhaenyra was gonna kill her children and she usurped the throne to protect her children. We have already seen Otto telling her that Rhaenyra would murder her children, so it makes sense. With the way it is now, it just seems that the writers didn’t know how to make Alicent want to usurp the throne.
Honestly I didn’t like the White Hart thing in general. One of the main points of GoT is that people who often want/feel entitled to the throne are the worst fits for it. One of the main points of the Dance is that both sides do horrible things and burn down a shit ton of a realm all so they can decide which nuke-riding inbred gets to sit the throne. The whole ~portent~ appearing to Rhaenyra implying she has divine right to rule makes me worry that they’re gonna try to make her Daenerys 2.0.
The way people are able to just commit acts of violence and murder with absolutely no consequences.  I'm surprised Daemon didn't kill Rhea in front of her whole family as that didn't seem to matter when he took out Vaemond. He suffered no consequences for it. Luke maims Aemond in a fight that no one sees and he suffers no consequences. Alicent steals Viserys' dagger and attacks Rhaenyra, and she suffers no consequences. Larys burns his brother and father alive and Alicent knows he did it, yet he suffers no consequences. Criston beats Joffrey to death at a huge royal wedding and *he suffers no consequences.*  The Criston example is the one that really gets me. Most of the others can be hand-waved as Viserys letting his family run roughshod as he's a passive and forgiving guy. But on the other hand, Harwin got expelled from the City Watch for attacking Criston. Even though Criston provoked him by saying Rhaenyra's sons were his. (That thing that apparently justified Aemond losing an eye?) But Criston, a *Kingsguard,* murders an innocent man and strikes the Prince-Consort to be, and not only does he get away with it, he then gets to be Alicent's sworn shield?  I knew he had armor on, I guess I just didn't realize it was Valyrian Steel Plot Armor.
My main issue is the lack of fleshing out of some of the more "side characters".  Rhaenyra and Alicent get a LOT of screen time. I don't inherently have a problem with this since it allows you to see why they act the way they do. It makes them 3-dimensional people. Even if I do not like Alicent personally, I can see what her thought process is. I know enough about her and Rhaenyra to see why Alicent took such a major issue with Rhaenyra's sons or her views on feminine power. And likewise, I can see why Rhaenyra bucks against Alicent and the systems she perpetuates so hard. You "get" them.   However, with a lot of other characters (like Laena, Rhaenys, the twins, Rhaenyra's sons, Criston, etc) you don't get this same level of depth. Given they are secondary characters and play a more secondary role to the story (and some of them die pretty early on in the series) I understand why we do not get long stretches of time dedicated to just them and their stories. The conflict between Rhaenyra and Alicent takes the focus here. But there were a lot of moments where there COULD have been some additional development for these characters but it never happened. The scenes were either cut from the show as it was being edited for TV/streaming, or they just never took the oppertunity to explore those things.  Laena mostly serves as a plot device which kind of sucks since she does a lot more in the books. I think a lot of her early involvement in the story was actually given to Alicent instead. Alicent could have had a lot more interaction with her kids. We do see her actually talk with them sometimes but we are not shown a lot of their relationship outside of those times. We know what she is willing to do for them and we know she has a close relationship with them given how they call for her over anybody else, but we never see a whole lot of that. We see her yell at Aegon a few times, comfort Aemond, fail to really interact with Helaena because Helaena is just kind of doing whatever, and then they are adults. I would have also liked to see more of Rhaenyra's relationship with her children, their relationship with Laenor (because cmon, he was their "dad" for the first decadeish of their lives), and how both sets of kids interacted with each other before they really began to hate each other. The twins are extremely underused, Harwin was underused, Rhaenys is underused, there are so many places where they could have included more info but did not.  There are also the "Daeron paradox" which really grinds my gears.  Nowhere in season 1 is it mentioned, shown, or hinted to that Alicent has a 4th child. So far its only Aegon, Aemond, and Helaena. Those are the ONLY children Alicent has. If they introduce Daeron as Alicent's 4th son later on this then creates the question of where he was this entire time and why we never heard anything about him or Alicent being pregnant again. Daeron is at the end of the birth order. This means AT LEAST Aegon and Aemond would have noticed Alicent being pregnant again. We already know they are really close with her, I do not think she would just disappear from them for 9 months to have the child in secret. And even then, if that were the case wouldn't Otto and or Larys know about him given how intuned they are with the happenings of the castle and Alicent specifically? And if Daeron is NOT Alicent's child (he is a bastard of another Targaryen like Viserys, Daemon, or even Aegon) why would he be on team Green's side? He would not get the throne of really welcomed into the fold given Green's whole thing is securing Hightower power in the keep and not allowing Bastards in the line. And if he is not a secret and just in Oldtown, why the fuck has nobody mentioned him in any capacity? Why is he not present at anything that has gone on so far? And if he does not exist, why was he written out of the show given how he has a major role in the upcoming conflict? At what point would cutting him out make the story make sense or benefit it?   Laena and Alicent's roleswap also bothered me a bit but not as much as the massive plothole that is Daeron.
I think the dialogue between Alicent + her children could've been more in depth or not really at all. The fetish scenes were a bit much for me, even if it showed how she was getting Larys to do her bidding behind the scenes.
1) Daemon murdering his first wife on screen. I wish they had made some other choices.   2) Daemon’s marriage to Laena happening off screen.  3) Criston ruining the royal wedding by killing a guy and the aftermath being totally hand-waived.  4) Rhaenyra never speaking to her half-siblings at all.  5) Rhaenyra’s affair with Harwin happening mostly off screen   6) No Daeron at all  Problems 2 to 5 could have been solved by having 2 more episodes. I loved the season and I am pleasantly surprised by how much effort and love was put into it. I can’t emphasize enough that some of the only real problems I saw with it could have been solved by just having another 2 episodes to flesh out the story.
Alicent's misunderstanding Viserys's last words might be the worst because it's a trifecta of stupid  * a key plot point in House of the Dragon appears to hinge on the incoherent muttering of a prophecy that Game of Thrones viewers know is completely irrelevant anyway * it let's Alicent off the hook. As others have said, it's more interesting if she believes her children are in danger * Viserys's last words are completely irrelevant since it didn't affect Otto and the Small Council's plans (Bonus points for those plans making Alicent look totally out of touch)
1. Aegon deserved a lot more attention. The fundamental dispute is will he or Rhaenyra sit on the throne and yet we see hardly any of Aegon. I wanted to see him struggle with not being named heir despite being the first born son, turning to drink and then deciding he didn’t want it and his inner turmoil and we saw none of it   2. Daemon killing his wife. We saw his wife for one minute then she’s dead. How are we supposed to feel about this? And then he gets challenged by some guy who effectively accuses him of murder and we never see him again or hear about it again. Bizarre.   3. Rhaenya destroying the dragonpit ruining the coronation. If it’s a truly balanced show why does one get a coronation with moving music and kneeling and the other gets mass destruction?  4. Rhaenyra tells Laenor he is a good man and he says he will be there for the kids. Next scene he’s pissing off in a boat. Really?  There’s more but these are the big ones. It really has a lot of flaws and room to improve.
Most of the issues are stuff that’s original in the show. Much of it doesn’t make sense or contradicts established characters and lore. Alicent and Aemond were hit the hardest
The lack of scenes between Larys and his father or brother.
Laenor's fake death. The HOTD writers didn't want their favorites(Rhaenyra and Daemon) to look too bad so they went the coward's way out. They should have shown both of them plotting the murder and carrying it out to prove how determined and cold blooded they both are - we shouldn't be rooting for either side.   But it's not like it matters since House Velaryon have been neutered into being cheerleaders for anything Rhaenyra does
Most of my grievances with the show MOSTLY stems from the fact that season 1 needed like 12 or 13 episodes. A few more episodes would fix so much ya don’t even understand.   Rhaenys in the dragonpit and lack of even a daeron mention is just straight up stupid tho no real excuse for that
>it would’ve been so much better if she had killed the albino moose  How could she have killed the white hart?
I’m one of the few who likes the Maester conspiracy so merging Daeron who’s in old town with that would have been great for me :/
>Everything, absolutely everything, regarding this secret passed down Targaryen prophecy  That was just so awful on so many different levels, both in universe and from the perspective of the viewers who'd already watched Game of Thrones.
The supper scene would have made much more sense if Alicent and Rhaenyra were pretending reconciliation for the dying man's sake. Daemon just lopped off the head of a nobleman in court for saying the B word, for crying out loud! Did it not make Alicent fear for her and her kids' life at all?
I think Vaemond made the petition because Rhaenyra’s sons are.. bastards!!!
100% this. I enjoyed the season, but the two final episodes were definitely the weakest in terms of writing, and I believe the changing of Rhaenyra and Alicent’s characters play a major role in that. Instead of their cool book-dialogue they looked like emotional and naive fools
So true. Ep 9 & 10 are the weakest for me which is sad coz they’re the most important episodes moving forward.  The green council, Alicent not knowing about plans to make Aegon king, Cole not convincing Aegon, Rhaenys..   The page from the book in ep 10 (it felt like a scene from a rom-com), Aemond killing Luke by accident   Just all horrible horrible stuff 🤢
I guess counterpoint the white hart thing could be setting up her fall from grace, if they actually do it well in terms of writing and not rushing it like Dany’s downfall. As in Rhaenyra was supposed to be a great queen but her flaws/the war led her off the right path. But yeah the writing issues already are worrisome. (Honestly most of episode three was unnecessary including that but anyway)
>Even though Criston provoked him by saying Rhaenyra's sons were his. (That thing that apparently justified Aemond losing an eye?)   Criston didn't say Rhaenyra's sons were Harwin's.  >**Criston**: *Your interest in the princeling's training is quite unusual, Commander*  >*Most men would only have that kind of devotion toward a cousin (pause)*  >*or a brother (pause)*  >*or a son*  And like an idiot Harwin took the bait.  >But Criston, a Kingsguard, murders an innocent man and strikes the Prince-Consort to be, and not only does he get away with it, he then gets to be Alicent's sworn shield?  There are a lot of political reasons why Criston wouldn't be punished, but it should have been covered by the show. Either that or Criston should have won a trial by combat.
Ngl I been seeing people say how S1 of HoTD is better than S1 of GoT and lk the 2 aren’t even close. Just on character development alone GoT in 1 season was able to establish wayyyy more characters and also establish multiple different plot lines at the same time. HoTD had to establish 1 thing, the dance. GoT set up the white walkers, the wall, Daenerys, kings landing, the north, Brans plot, and it filled each 1 with legit developed characters. HoTD had less to set up and less characters to develop and fumbled both
I can’t believe I forgot about the feet scene, yeah I feel her just committing 100% to the coup and no feet shit would’ve improved the characterization over there
Yeah that would have made it better, a scene where in private Helaena is congratulating her mother on reconciling with Rhaenyra and Alicent makes it clear she was faking to lure Rhaenyra into a false sense of security.
Even with the changes they made to Rhaenyra and Alicent, their behavior in the last two episodes made no sense. It was contradicting even for the show canon. Alicent was set up perfectly in Ep 7 to be an active player and had her motivation for the coup thoroughly built through the season but they didn't even mention it in Ep 9. Seriously, not even one mention, even though Daemon cut off a man's head yesterday for saying the B word out loud (something that Alicent taught her kids to do too).  As for Rhaenyra, when she proposed to Daemon, her reason was "I need you to face the Greens". They removed her "She will block my way" line but the rest of the dialogue remained. She even fake killed her own husband to instill fear and married Daemon to strengthen her claim. Those are her own words. Suddenly, when the time comes that Daemon is needed to do exactly that, she backs off? And over what? A dead friendship that probably lasted less than the hatred that followed it? Come on now.   She should have no love for Alicent just from her behavior in Ep 6 and 7 and same goes for Alicent. Them almost making up in Ep 8 and hesitating afterwards and Rhaenyra crying over a page after Alicent caused her to lose a throne and a baby is just ridiculous.
But everyone knew *why* Harwin did it. (Even if Viserys didn't.) That was exactly why Criston provoked him. By attacking him, Harwin made the rumors about him seem that much more likely to be true. Lyonel even says as much. But in order for that to make sense, that means everyone understood what Criston was doing and saying.   With that in mind, I just feel like, since he insulted Harwin's honor, (not to mention the honor of the Crown Princess!) and "slandered" him, that it's hardly fair for Harwin to be punished for what he did, when other characters have done worse without a justifiable catalyst. **Criston basically just accused a highborn, annointed knight of the highest of treasons.** If I lived in KL, I would not be at all surprised that Harwin decked him, whether the accusation was true or not.
From rumors about s2 as well, even that actress doesn't like the way they're going about the relationship between her and Larys. It's getting to be too much. A way to really embrace the Alicent from the book, would be her to embrace the queen image and be the fcking queen that is putting her son on the throne. She doesn't need Larys anymore. Her embracing being the bad guy would improve her characterization to me.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Aemon surviving likely would have been the biggest change. But it goes to show: "The Stranger has visited me more times than I can count, Grand Maester. I assure you... he cares little whether my eyes are open or closed."
Baby Daemon trying to grab Dark Sister from his father is kinda cute in a foreshadowy way lol.
Saera ended up just fine. She sailed off to Volantis to bang all of Essos.
Honestly wish you included Jaehaerys and Alysanne's other 4 children and Baelon's 3rd son that died. They too could have made a huge difference with their survival.  1. Prince Aegon - Firstborn of Jaehaerys and Alysanne. Born early due to Queen Alysanne being assaulted in Maidenpool. Died after 3 days. 2. Princess Daenerys - Secondborn of Jaehaerys and Alysanne. Died of the Shivers at age 7. 3. Prince Gaemon - Eleventhborn of Jaehaerys and Alysanne. Died after three moons. 4. Prince Valerion - Twelfthborn of Jaehaerys and Alysanne. Died shortly before his first nameday. 5. Prince Aegon - Thirdborn of Baelon and Alyssa. Died shortly before his first nameday.  Also Aemma had 2 elder half brothers and 2 elder half sisters. Her eldest half brother and all his sons aka her nephews died around the time Rhaenyra was born killed by Mountain Clansmen. Her other elder half brother died before her as well though it is unknown what became of her elder half sisters.
Oh damn!! This explains why Daemon wanted to marry Rhaenyra so badly. He definitely loves Rhaenyra a lot, but more than that he loves house Targaryen. Daemon even says that he wants to restore the house of the dragon to its proper glory alongside Rhaenyra. His goal was probably to marry her and have as many dragon-riding children as possible.      If Vizzy T could've looked past his ego and allowed Daemon and Rhaenyra to marry early on, they would've had enough children to actually restore the ancient strength of house Targaryen. Viserys really messed up in a lot of things but IMO this was his worst mess up.
Prince Aemon
Awesome art OP!
Viserra was all on Alyssane. I’ll never forgive that old crone.
AGREED. I wonder how the realm would react to King Aemon naming Rhaenys heir. Houses Baratheon, Arryn, Stark, & Velaryon would be on board. This is before the Hightower influence so it’d be interesting to see who becomes “The Greens” during that time.
She was so wealthy and powerful her response to the council of 101 was essentially "No thanks, I already run a good chunk of Essos."  The only sad thing is that king Jaehaerys essentially destroyed any relationship between Saera and her mother and let an entire branch of the Targaryran dynasty vanish because he couldn't let go of his sexism DECADES after the event happened.
Thanks for that! Sorry for leaving them out. I wanted to include those in the picture that at least reached teenage years.   Those additions make it even more tragic. It’s so sad that Jaehaerys and Alysanne had nearly 15 children and outlived them all and a qurter didn’t even make it to 10 years old. They truly did the best with what they had. I can’t imagine King Jahaerys sitting at the Great Council as a widower and almost all his kids dead. Was the peaceful reign even worth it? So sad.  Same for the Arryn’s. Their lack of direction after unexpected early deaths plunged them into Civil War as well.
YOU WILL ADDRESS ME AS 'YOUR GRACE', OR I WILL HAVE MY KINGSGUARD CUT OUT YOUR TONGUE!
It’s absolutely gorgeous but I can’t take credit lol. It’s the artist @jota_saraiva on Twitter. They make some of the best ASOIAF art.
It depends. If he keeps out foreign influences at court, Rhaenys would probably rise to power in unopposed.  The Dance occurred because Viserys allowed the Hightowers to gain insane amounts of influence in his court.
> Jaehaerys essentially destroyed any relationship between Saera and her mother  Saera did a lot of that herself. She wasn't exactly a nice person by any stretch of the imagination.
He had 2 out of his 13 kids left alive at the time of the council. Archmaester Vaegon and Saera who was estranged beyond hope. Alysanne apparently died earlier than she maybe would have because she couldn’t handle the grief anymore and then Jaehaerys’s health rapidly faded after that because he couldn’t go on without Alysanne. House Targaryen went from blossoming to dying very quickly. Which is a bit of a theme for them as it isn’t the first time its happened (Jaehaerys and Alysanne’s 3 elder siblings, younger sibling, and nieces had bad ends) and it happens again several times after this. Honestly I’m trying to think of how many times over the near 300 years of Targaryen rule that the original heir of a generation actually inherited. 5 times out of 15 generations of Targaryens. Aegon I (1st gen), Aenys I (2nd gen), Daeron I (8th gen), Daeron II(9th gen), and Aerys II (13th gen)  In fact out of the 89 Targaryens born alive since Aegon the conqueror's generation (including that generation), only 13 are known to have reached age 50 with another 13 who might have (though most probably didn't) as it is unknown exactly when they died. So House Targaryen is only reaching age 50 at a rate of somewhere between 14 and 29%.
Why didn't you allow Daemon and Rhaenya to marry Vizzy T?
I think it's less to do with foreign influence (after all, Rhaenys is half Baratheon and married to a Velaryon, so both houses would enjoy greater reach at court), and more about solidifying her ability to rule and endearing herself and preparing herself. Proving a woman as queen would not destabilise the realm as Otto wholeheartedly believed it would.
I don't think the Hightower influence or power as non-Targaryen or non-Valyrian meant much as a contribution to the Dance. The Targs were already conducting kinslaying civil wars from the generation immediately succeeding Aegon I's without the help of other houses and continued to do it afterwards when the claimants were entirely of their own house (Daemon Blackfyre vs Daeron II).
She was a teenager, that is how teens act. You still don't just cut your child out of your life for 3 decades and don't let your wife talk to her out of spite. And this is based around a very imperfect retelling of events to boot. Alysyane wanted to keep in touch with her daughter and Jaehaerys actions essentially ruined their marriage. This is the same guy who basically committed martial rape on Alysyane risking her life because he wanted more children because he was a terrible father who got many of them killed or pissed off.
DAEMON IS MY BROTHER.  MY BLOOD.  AND HE WILL HAVE HIS PLACE AT MY COURT!
Contrary to what people think, women have ruled in Westeros before. There have been ruling ladies of many different houses, so a ruling Queen isn’t as far fetched as the shows make it out to be.  What went wrong was allowing the influences of scheming houses like the Hightowers to fester. No matter what happened, the Hightowers were always going to try and put Aegon on the throne.
Yes, each civil war has different circumstances of course. However, Hightower influence is what directly led to the Dance of the Dragons. Aegon II’s support base was essentially entirely Hightower.
That isn't how royal princesses act mate.
But Vizzy T, letting him marry Rhaenyra would be the best way to keep him at court.
I always found it highly ironic that Viserys and the rest made such a big deal of uniting the "last pillars of old Valyria" with a Targaryen/Velayron match on the Iron Throne... as if they hadn't already had their chance with Rhaenys and Corlys! 😂
thanks for your comment!! it’s always annoyed me a bit that they act like a ruling queen is so impossible; there have been ruling queens throughout history and it’s not bc those societies (e.g. romanov russia) were so much more egalitarian than westeros. westeros arguably has even more basis for a woman ruler given that they were conquered by two women and that the women in question ride dragons (and so sexists can rationalize them as exceptions that don’t threaten their overall worldview).  the main issue is whether they have the support of enough major factions. if some houses have a personal interest in supporting the male candidate and the political power to make something of it, they’ll of course exploit gender as a weakness (just as they would with bastardy, lack of issue, etc). that’s what happened with the dance and it’s by no means inevitable.
I see it less as a result of Hightower influence and more a result of Viserys laying the foundations of a succession crisis with an insecure heir which produced rival claimants, which is what the common denominator for all these civil wars is.  Had Baelon lived or Viserys named Aegon II heir, the Hightower influence wouldn't have mattered or contributed towards a civil war that had no reason to exist.  > Aegon II’s support base was essentially entirely Hightower.  Think you're forgetting the Lannisters and Baratheons. The Tullys as well if Lord Grover had gotten his way.
Get upset when your father kills your boyfriend? Almost running from home like Rhaenyra would have if she was not heir? Princess Rhaenys married went on foreign escapades with Corlys without the king's explicit approval. Princess Rhaena fled from her forced husband Maegor in a daring escape plan. Hell the rightful heir that Jaehaerys usurped from fled on Balerion so it kinda is how Targ princesses act.  Not wanting to be a nun and be beaten by fanatics?
Maybe that's not how *your* royal princesses act. Targ girls are built different. Literally.
*I'm going to bed, DameTargaryen.*
It's even more so because Velayrons were already united by blood before Aegon even conquered Westeros. Aegon's mom was Velayron and his heir Aenys was married to a Velayron who fathered Jaehaerys...
Viserys was never the most politically savvy guy around, that’s for sure.
Westeros was essentially ruled by Rhaenys and Visenya, with Rhaenys in particular being really good at diplomacy and administrative duties. Apparently they often sat the Iron Throne while Aegon was away doing Aegon stuff.
That is also an issue, for sure. The real misstep was when Rhaenyra and Daemon left court and went to live on Dragonstone for Viserys final years. A completely moronic and idiotic thing to do, as it essentially left the Hightowers in complete control of King's Landing and the royal court.  Then again, no one will ever call Daemon and Rhaenyra political geniuses.
Jahaerys thought differently and banished her.
Well, of course he did. He's a Targ *man*, not a girl.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> Daemon takes Harrenhal and sends the letter to Rhaenyra.  Already dumb. Why wouldn’t he say it to her face when he’s right there? I hope showrunners don’t adhere to F&B to the point of being silly.   It also makes more sense for him to plan B&C while he’s still based in Dragonstone considering the shorter distance from King’s Landing.
I believe they’ll keep God’s Eye in the final season. They will use Aemond vs Daemon to hook viewers for as long as possible
No way in season 3, each episodes has battle scenes. That would be a burnout
This is very similar to what I had in mind. Major difference is that I don't think God's Eye will happen until the 4th Season, and I belueve Season 3 will end with the Fall of King's Landing. Armond and Daemon are both two of the most compelling and popular characters, it wouldn't be smart to kill them.off before the last season.   Other than that, it seems pretty plausible.
Wasn't the battle of the gullet before Rhaeneyra took Kings landing
Blood and Cheese feels like an end-of-season level event. But given the timeline of events, it'll happen towards the beginning of next season. I feel like it might be at the end of S2E1 for maximum "oh shit" factor.
Do you think they will go into Aegon III and his marriage? Not sure they will do another time skip. Killing Rhaenyra in episode 4 seems strange to me
What about sack of bitterbridge?
Taking Harrenhal is a priority to control the riverland and then he can start planning blood and cheese but he can also do it just before he leaves, that works too
Not sure if the fall of dragonstone is enough for a season finale even if it's true that it would keep Aemond and Daemon for season 4, they would die in the 1st or 2nd episode
I see Gods eye as ep 8 or 9 of the final season and Rhaenyra’s death 9 or maybe changing Alicent’s death to coincide with/mirror Rhaenyra’s (she’s talking about reading to Rhaenyra when they were kids while Rhaenyra is dying). I see a lot of things being cut or rearranged
They chose to adapt the dance, they have to assume now the battles of episode 1 season 3 may be reduced or passed since there is not really any main character in it And the battle above gods eye may happen in episode 1 of season 4 but the season 3 finale won't be as good And among all the battles there is only Tumbleton and the gullet that would take the majority of the episodes
If season 3 ended with the fall of king's landing then a season 4 wouldn't be enough to end it would have to be a season 5 and I don't think they'll go past 4 And on top of that it would be 2 seasons without alicent and rhaenyra talking to each other
Yes but with the announcement of the 8 episodes they also said that a battle was going to be moved to season 3 and I think that the gullet is the most likely and in addition it allows to have Jace a little longer
I see it more at the end of episode 2 We have to show Helaena's children and introduce them
The dance does not end with the death of Rhaenyra but with the coronation of Aegon 3 Rhaenyra will not survive until the last episode I don't see how to make her survive longer than what I imagined here  I can see a time skip just for the very last episode to make an epilogue
I forgot to put it Somewhere around episode 3 or 4 of season 3 (in my plan) Before tumbleton
There is a lot going on after the death of Rhaenyra and gods eye She can't die an episode before the end especially if they only make 8 episodes per season
Okay, bad phrasing. I meant Rhaenyra loses control of KL in Season 3. Season 4 would then open on the God's Eye and her execution before the Black armies rise up, Aegon executes the people's leader in KL, and Aegon the Younger is placed on the throne. So it's an easy one-season outline.
They can introduce them in episode 1 and still have blood and cheese
yea I just hope they don't scrap some battles, like major battles like god's eye and Rook's rest will cover some minutes and some minor battles can be done in 10 minutes, just hope they don't remove any battles .
with 8 episodes I'm not sure but it's possible. It's mostly  to keep Rhaenyra until mid-season 4 since she's the main character and the battle above gods eye comes before the storming of the dragonpit
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Goddamn, how has that sub ended up so mysogynistic and disgusting? Some of the comments on that post...
Examples?
"That sudden bout of high cholesterol from Rhaenerya was what killed him."  "Rhaenyra was so fat by that point he choked on her 😂"  Upvoted and seem to be the usual type of comments when it comes to Rhaenyra's character on that sub.
That first one was pretty funny though
Those insults aren't gendered. Maybe bad taste,  but that's all. Just because the comments are about a woman doesn't make it misogynist. Roasting characters like Tywin, Cersei, Janos Slynt is very common there.
[removed]
Her death was gendered. “Sunfyre, it is said, did not seem at first to take any interest in the offering, until Broome pricked the queen’s breast with his dagger" and you would think a sub dedicated to the books would understand that and not ignore it to make haha jokes about what a fat cow she was when Sunfyre killed her.
Yet the comments on it weren’t? So ur point?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The specific marriages and abundance of Targaryens (especially since their custom is to often marry one another) may be a little topsy-turvy to stay on top of, but generally yes, I would describe HOTD as much easier to follow if you at all pay attention.  Like, off the top of my head, we met about 15 named Starks and Stark retainers in *just Winterfell alone*, and all of those principal characters went off and had whole-ass, completely unrelated plot threads from one another.  HOTD will really only be asking you to keep track of about that many people, *in total,* thus far, and they are all involved in the same, singular storyline. (thus far)
I think the main thing people have trouble following in GoT is the large cast, number of different families, and number of different storylines.  If that's what you're referring to, then yes, House of the Dragon should be easier to follow, I would imagine.   House of the Dragon s1 focuses almost entirely on House Targaryen and people who are related to them through marriages, and rather than all the different plotlines of GoT, we're primarily following a small handful of characters, most of whom are in the same location.     There are a couple sizable timejumps and some mid-season recasts as s1 takes place over a period of 20 years, but I didn't find it difficult to adjust and it's clear who is who in their first scenes.    That said, if you have trouble, I always found rewatches to be helpful for me with GoT.
No. Time skips and I've watched it a few times and I still have no idea who some of them are.
House of the Mediocre is much more surface level, so it won’t be hard to follow.
If you’ve seen GoT, you should be fine watching HotD, however, if you were confused by GoT, if you ever plan on rewatching it, there are except lore videos for each season to watch before you start the next one.
🙄😮‍💨
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I love how Vhagar is too big to even perch on Aemond's shoulders lol
Damn, these are so cool. And Helaena is looking hella cute there.
How do I start a slow clap online?   This collection is magnificent, great job!
Grandma Vhagar looking majestic
Awesome! I love these.
🎼 Vhagar was a bullfrog! 🎶 🎵   These are sick
Haelena and Dreamfyre supremacy.
Looove these. Everyone is distinct even without the captions.
Beautiful art style, love your work here!
These are so, so good! I love how each portrait so strongly captures the personalities as well as the likenesses.
More art by Anabel: https://instagram.com/mayet_artist?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
I zoomed in on Seasmoke, man that guy is vibing.
Screaming omg
It has always been, and always will be Rhaenys and Meleys for me.
These are too good
In the show, what happens to Seasmoke after Laenor leaves? In the books Laenor is killed and Seasmoke makes his lair on Dragonstone for almost a decade before Adam of Hull, a Velaryon bastard (probably Corlys’s son since Laenor was, well, gay af) rides Seasmoke. In the show it’s hard to imagine the dragon/rider bond being broken by Laenor leaving. Seasmoke would have followed him.
These are great!
This is fucking awesome
I loved it!
Beautiful
Smoke looking great ..amazing on all the red queen does look menacing... and well Granny is Granny
 Lovely !
Love, love, love!
And still no Daeron!
This is great! I want a Laena one though! And a Daenerys one haha!
Syrax looks amazing
This is friggin awesome. The style, the coloring, the line work. All **chefs kiss**
Omg this os literally perfect, also massive W for traditional art
Deamon ans Caraxes are so fucking perfect
They all have the same face.
Great pics, confused by the weird markings by everyone's eyes though
This is how I always pictured the dragonets/fire lizards in Dragons of Pern. <3  Love it, OP!
This looks soooo good!! Amazing work!!
Arrax looks amazing
Grandma Vhagar is watching
Caraxes is so badass too
I love her wattle!
👏🏼
Right?! I love how each and every Targaryen is so alike yet so different/unique.
Holy shit. Wow!
Some theorize that Laenor will return as “Adam” and reclaim Seasmoke.
👏
👏🏼    👏🏼
👏 👏 👏
👏👏👏👏
👏👏👏👏👏
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t think anyone has said they were gonna be cut
Are the show runners and HBO saying or even hinting these will be cut, or is this just manufactured outrage for Reddit points?
Agreed- I think it’s a bit ridiculous people think they’re gonna just scrap any of those battles. They knew the book when they greenlit the series, and we had some massive battles in GoT, some of which even involved dragons! I get that GoT left a lot of people unsure of HBO and rightfully so, but I feel like this a lot of panic over events that aren’t even here yet…
I’m confused, are redditors convinced for some reason that, not only are these events in danger of being cut, but that the way to prevent that is constantly making posts about it on a subreddit?
>I don't get how am I supposed to understand the 'idea' of the showrunners or even HBO not adapting the most crucial battles and fights in the story and some be fine with it.  Who said this is going to happen for you to have to be fine with it?
So they want an adaptation of the Dance of Dragons but without the dragons fighting. Come on people...
The fact they are moving around some events in the timeline is kind of dumb given it fucks with the timeline/flow of events quite a bit. I will say that, I don't like them fucking with the timeline. But I don't think at any point they said they were going to cut any of those things. All they said was that they were going to move some stuff around, not cut them completely.   Also, season 1 was the build-up to the dance. There is a reason you dont see a lot of battle and gore there, it was not happening let (or at least not between family members yet as the stepstones stuff was still going on). Season 2 were are probably going to see things pick up a lot given the Dance is now actually in action. It is actually happening now. And as a result, we are going to see an uptick in action. The underlying drama is important to why those things are happening.   People really just need to calm down with the manufactured outrage at events that were not even confirmed to be happening. Those things being moved does not equal those things not being included in the show, it's just going to be in a different spot.
No, all we got that they were moving one battle from the end of S2 to S3 but people apparently heard this and thought "They're cutting battles!"
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Book Alicent absolutely. Show Alicent to me is more a cross between Catelyn and a less smart Margaery
Cersei wanted power and was bitter of been born a woman. As far as we know (in the show) Alicent never wanted to rule herself.
I'm not really sure these comparisons track in the show. Certainly in the books I'd put Alicent where you have her, but show Alicent is definitely more a mix of Catelyn and Sansa if anything   Rhaenyra is sort of a Cersi-esque character in the books in that she starts off seeming like a competent political figure and then slides into a paranoid lunatic but I don't see much of the Martell vibe. Show Rhaenyra is sort of a weird mix of 1 part Arya, one part Dany. Maybe some Cersi? But I guess we'll see if that comes about next season
I don't really see it, at least for the show version. Rhaenyra doesn't really use her" womanly wiles" to get what what she wants. She's quite naive in a way. She tries to have sexual relationships as a man her in position might and is punished for it. She only resembles Cersei in steadfastly lying about her bastards, which to be honest she must do now that she's made her bed. She's a child of Targaryen exceptionalism, one who thinks her high birth can allow her to escape the confines of her gender. There hasn't been a character quite like her.   Alicent is a ball of stress and religious repression. She tries to present a queenly front but it quite volatile. She's not like Margaery- a lot more like Sansa, and even Catelyn in her insistance on duty and anger at those who flout the rules. But Catelyn played the game of duty and honor and won up until the events of the books (a loving marriage, a happy family) while Alicent did her duty and suffered disappointment after disappointment. As for Cersei, I see remnants of the book's 'evil stepmother' persona, but that's not really show Alicent.
Alicent also reminds me of early seasons Dany. manipulated and sold off by her male guardian, married to someone she doesn't like but grows to tolerate, etc.
Wat.
I really don’t see how Rhaenyra can be compared to either of those women, aside from obviously having Bastard children. Arianne and Cersei are seductresses and schemers who constantly seeks to improve their position of power. Rhaenyra is reserved, wears conservative clothing, is never shown to use her sexuality for manipulation, and disappears from court for years at a time. Even the bastards storyline is totally different, bc Rhaenyra is the Royal in the HotD storyline, versus Cersei is just a random noblewoman lying about her children being the King’s.
HOTD Alicent is a GOT Sansa rebranded
I think the Arianne/Cersei parallel with Rhaenyra is really strong. Definitely a mixture of Arianne’s very sympathetic goals with more dragons, more power, and less concern for who gets caught in the crossfire.  Margaery + Cersei makes sense for F&B Alicent, but I honestly don’t think show!Alicent has many of Cersei’s characteristics — although maybe they’ll develop as the war goes on. I think maybe Margaery + Sansa might make more sense.
Show Rheanyra -  Young rebellious when it comes to going to Dragonstone to do the right thing Rheanyra (Shireen B) adult confident Rheanyra Dany)
i can see some basis for most of these, but i literally cannot see any similarities between show alicent and margaery (apart from the fact that they marry the king and are from the reach). margaery (on the show) is a political player in her own right who is very comfortable with using her "feminine wiles" to gain power--that seems to me very much the opposite of alicent's repression.
I’d say Lysa and Margeary
Targaryen Things
More than the bastard kids, I feel like Rhaenyra and Cersei's biggest parallel is that they view themselves as exceptions to their gender. from the little flashes of young Cersei, we know that she swapped places with Jaime often enough to get swordplay lessons and she views other women as beneath her due to her family's status. plus both women grew up in the shadow of their brothers   the difference is that Rhaenyra is relatively successful in her assumption that her bloodline can outweigh her gender, but cersei isn't.
There are a lot of parallels between Cersei and Rhaenyra, what do you mean? The bastard children are a big one. And both Cersei and Rhaenyra are handling their bastards the same way; lying to everyone even though the truth is obvious, and punishing anyone who speaks the truth.   They’re also both very power driven, it’s all that really matters to them. Power and their family.   Both Cersei and Rhaenyra are incestuous, another big parallel.
Rhaenyra uses her "womanly wiles" in ep 7 to secure Daemon as her ally against the greenies. She literally fucks him on that beach and then proposes when he wanted to leave to Pentos before that, so Cersei/Jaime parallels are very strong
Interesting perspective. There’s also refusal to see others’ point of view as they grow older. Dany insists on doing things her way, and Alicent struggles to form a point of view outside her upbringing of duty.
Your definitely not the only one. I also thought that their season one arcs were similar. They also both have to learn to adapt to their husband's foreign customs and over the course of the season both grow to become political players independent of their husbands and male guardians. I do expect it to diverge since Alicent won't be getting any dragons though.
Cersei, Arianne, and Rhaenyra are all women who view themselves as deserving of being the inheritor of their family/fathers' power. tbh I don't really get the arianne comparison but the Cersei one is apt. notably i don't think cersei seduces anyone for political gain either? it seems like mostly she seduces people in order to assert some power over them and/or feed her narcissism. could def be wrong though  both cersei and rhaenyra are really interesting characters who believe in the hype around their family and bloodline. But, they are faced with the blockade that their gender prevents them from gaining the power their family should provide.
Must've been a pretty big rebrand, because I'm really not seeing it.
Rhaenyra is very different from Dany. Dany had to fight for everything from the start, and never expected to be queen instead of her brother, while Rhaenyra was born at the height of her family’s power and didn’t expect her brother to be queen instead of her. Dany is a little more magical, almost messianic, while Rhaenyra seems more grounded in political reality.
Main reason k went with Margaery is because she does follow Olenna a lot (at the beginning anyway) which reminds me a lot of Alicent following Otto’s lead. Just one is doing so to better herself politically and the other is doing so because she can’t say no to her dad
You could probably argue that she's a weird mesh between book Margaery and show Margaery. Like the former, a classic princess-type insofar as having no issues assuming the conventional role allotted for girls of her station. Young Alicent is perfectly content to lend her favor to Knights at a tournament and will dutifully read any book the septa assigns.   Actually, nix show Margaery. She's more like book Margaery meets book Sansa (and to a lesser extent, show Sansa), especially when you factor in the hostage scenarios, although Alicent has *way* more fucking freedom than Sansa ever did. She still has that (rightfully, tbh)mentality of being on the defense, with the addition of going on the offense once she has the opportunity, see Joffrey's birth and Rhaenyra's march. Still perfectly-coiffed and ready for court (that Hightower drip), fashion high still off of that green dress seasons ago. We'll just ignore that one night in Driftmark.  So, book Margaery mixed with book/early-show Sansa who grows up playing at show Margaery cunning. You could probably relate the Larys arrangement with those feminine wiles, in an incredibly bastardized light. Instead of it hinting at sexual freedom, it just highlights Alicent's repression further. And her piety plays into that, so if we go back to the Reach connection, if Maergery hails from liberal, rosy-staired Highgarden, then Alicent is her far more pious and controlled counterpart who just wound up in Old Town.
>both women grew up in the shadow of their brothers  Hmm? That's neither the case in the books or show for rhaneyra.   >Rhaenyra and Cersei's biggest parallel is that they view themselves as exceptions to their gender.  I really disagree, cersei has internalized misogyny and hates other women and the fact that she is one.   Rhaneyra doesn't hate other women nor the fact that she is one, she has no desire to be a "man" she just desires the same freedoms as men has, just like arya for example.  I dont really get how women who wants to be on equal footing with men equals "seeing themselfes as exceptions to their genders" is Brienne, Asha, Arya, arianne m.m the same as cersei then?   >She views other women as beneath her due to her family's status.  When has rhaneyra expressed similar wiews? And doesn't  most westerosi lords view other people as lesser or better based on family status?
Cersei is a very knowing of her subversion of her gender. She actively resents being a woman and believes she can overcome it by force of will, Rhaenyra is more clueless at first. There is no other woman who is quite like her as a dragon rider and Targaryen so she looks more to male Targaryens as inspiration. It’s only when she has bastard kids and a Aegon is crowned that she has to confront the difficulties of being a woman.
>They’re also both very power driven, it’s all that really matters to them. Power and their family.  Is rhaenyras lines "I just want to fly with you on dragonback and eat cake" and "I thought I wanted it but the burden is a heavy one" plus her willingness to give up her claim in ep 10 indicative of only wanting power to you?  To me it seems more like she seeks freedom to live her life how she wants it more than anything else, and she considers ruling to be a heavy duty but ones she's compelled to uphold for her father's sake.  And Is incestuous? How is this a big parallel? Like 90% of targaryens are incestuous, this is like saying "they're both blonde! Big parallel!" The dynamic in their respective incestous relationship is also widly different.
How is Rhaenyra power driven? She wants her birthright and thinks she knows more than Aegon what her father would want his heir to do for the nation, plus she thinks she ought to rule because she's the Prince that was Promised and has a duty to defend her people because of it.
The idea that handling their bastards the same way by lying is…. Lol. Of course they’d lie, them and their children would die if they didnt 💀  The only one remotely like Cersei is BOOK Alicent
Facts. But teeny bopper rhaenyra yes qweens won’t like this
Haha i like how having an honest conversation and confessing ones feelings for another person is "using ones womanly wiles".  the "subtle" sexist takes on this subbreddit never fails to disappoint.
How is forbidden twincest the same as a niece and uncle doing what has been tradition in their family for centuries?
yeah, they're both strangers in a different culture who genuinely try to fit in while still retaining their old identity and values. (often to a stubborn degree). hell even both of them have a big moment where they assert their power by reaffirming their ancestral identity--Alicent with the green dress and Dany with the fire.  and if you stretch it further, both women kinda find their power in their identity as mothers. Alicent's 'dragons' are her children
There’s some hint at seducing Ned but it’s cut off very early and it’s unclear how far she would have gone. She seduces the Kettleblack knight to get him to help her scheme against Margaery. But overall you’re right.
Except Rhaenyra didn’t pursue her father’s power. Her father bestowed his inheritance upon her. She’s the exact opposite in that regard.  Also Cersei does repeatedly use her sexuality to pursue political schemes. She seduces Lancel then uses him to spy on and later kill Robert, she seduces the Kettleback brothers in order to get them to testify against Margaery at the Faith trial, etc.
Young Alicent is very much a shyer, bookish Sansa. A good girl who plays by the rules of her gender, who is valued by others for her beauty and courteous behavior. Both hide their frustration and pain through courtesy. Though older Alicent changes a lot.
having a head of a house is not at all unique tho. it would be weirder if margaery were completely alone at court, and my impression was always that margaery was independently ambitious in a way hotd for some reason refuses to allow alicent to be.
I agree that Alicent and book!Sansa are quite similar. Alicent is what might have happened to Sansa as Joffrey's or Tommen's wife
i was speaking of show margaery (bc tbh, it's a while since i read the books and natalie dormer has fully replaced book marg in my brain). at any rate, i don't think fashionable princess-type fine with conventional gender roles is at all unique to margaery. surely that must describe most noble women, given that that's the cultural norm.  leaving aside the sexual thing from the show, imo margaery stands out for her very tightly controlled political performance. i can't really say the same at all about show alicent (though maybe more so for young alicent); olivia cooke plays her like she's constantly on the verge of a breakdown. i cannot imagine either margaery ever doing anything like the driftmark incident.  i think the sansa comp is more apt. in the early episodes especially, alicent and rhaenyra v much have sansa/arya vibes (as i think the showrunners intentionally pointed out).
There is a major difference between Arya and Rhaenyra though, it is that Arya wants the freedom to be herself like a man can, while Rhaenyra wants to have freedom from duty and consequence that she thinks a man supposedly has. While Arya and Brienne want to be true to themselves and become what they wish to become, Rhaenyra just wants her whims to be accepted and that is the true difference between these strong women and the *strong* woman.
i completely agree with the parallels between rhaenyra and cersei, but i am not sure how you can watch the premiere and think that her usurpation is the first time she has to "confront the difficulties of being a woman." rhaenyra's arc in the first five episodes is *all about* that--specifically about realizing that her mother was essentially sacrificed at the alter of patriarchy and that she's being herded down the same path. in fact, young rhaenyra has by far the most cogent understanding of patriarchy and the most modern expectations around gender/romantic relationships of anyone in the show--the only problem is that no one else really gives a damn.  there were plenty of women dragonriders--rhaenyra canonically admires visenya and i don't know that she's mentioned a historical male dragonrider--and they weren't exempt from misogyny either.
I feel like if we ever got a pov of young cersei, we'd see some of the same cluelessness that young rhaenyra has. I'm guessing she would only really reckon with her gender when she's forced to marry robert
You contradict yourself in the very first sentence lmao. She wants to be queen. She wants to literally be the most powerful person in Westeros. You don’t think Cersei also feels entitled to what she wants?
Yep, Reddit teens who simp for Rhaenyra and Daemon aren’t rational people.
Just because something is cultural doesn’t mean it’s not wrong.
i mean, yeah, rhaenyra and cersei's difference is that Rhaenyra is relatively right in her assumption that her bloodline supersedes her gender while Cersei is consistently denied that. it's a similar starting point, not a 1:1 parallel   and i guess I always assumed Cersei's main goal with lancel and the kettlebacks was to feel powerful and/or feed her narcissism. thanks for the correction
>While Arya and Brienne want to be true to themselves   I dont see how that's any different from rhaenyra.   >Arya wants the freedom to be herself like a man can.  One can as easily say that Arya and Brienne also want to be free from duty and consequence. By refusing to be married off and produce heirs they are technically refusing the duty placed upon them by the circumstances of their birth.  I dont see Rhaneyra shirking from her duties, she accepts being a broodmare for her husbands for example. Is the problem that she doesn't go as far as Brienne and Arya in bucking gender norms?
>I feel like if we ever got a pov of young cersei, we'd see some of the same cluelessness that young rhaenyra has. I'm guessing she would only really reckon with her gender when she's forced to marry robert  But we already know that that's not the case from the books. she explicitly states that from an early age she noticed and resented the differences in upringing and expectations between her and jaime.   >"Jaime learned to fight with sword and lance and mace, while I was taught to smile and sing and please. He was heir to Casterly Rock, while I was to be sold to some stranger like a horse, to be ridden whenever my new owner liked, beaten whenever he liked, and cast aside in time for a younger filly. Jaime's lot was to be glory and power, while mine was birth and moonblood."  That's one of the things that separates rhaenyra (and other female dragonriders) from cersei and other women in westeros, her being a dragonrider at 7 and heir at 8 insulates her from some of the misogyny and expectations of her gender. As the above commentator said its probaly not until the dance that she's forced to really reckon with the fact that she's a second class citizen despite the dragon and blood. (In the books atleast)
>She wants to be queen. She wants to literally be the most powerful person in Westeros. You don’t think Cersei also feels entitled to what she wants?   So by this logic, Aemond, Dany, Stannis, Robb, Robert, margaery, renly and every other claimant in asioaf history shows some **big** cersei parallels!
Wanting the job she was promised is not the same as thirsting for power. With that logic anyone who wants a promotion they were promised is "very power driven."   Cersei clearly wants more than what she was promised, hence all her scheming to get what she wants.  You have an objectively obtuse take on these two characters.
Rhaenyra doesn't "want to be Queen", she is going to be Queen, that's her birthright. She was born into royalty and was declared the heir presumptive. Cersei is not entitled to be Queen, she had to marry her way into the royal family.  Your patronizing attitude and objectively wrong interpretation of HotD is a bad combo lol
No
Even divorcing morals from the equation, in their world one is very taboo and one is not… that means the context in which the incest happens is going to be super different, altering the emotions/reasoning behind it.  One could argue Daemon and Rhaenyra’s marriage is mostly a political marriage, and a union-ship that is formally allowed and completely conspicuous.  Jaime and Cersei love each other despite themselves and what being found out could do to them and their family.   Apples and oranges. both are fruit, but still quite different.
It’s still incest, the reasons behind Targ incest are narcissism, elitism and separation so it’s not even some real noble cause. I really don’t think GRRM wrote incest to be looked at as a good thing, but whatever
Ok girl, you are hung up on the morality of incest when the conversation being had is about Rhaenyra/Cersei parallels. If incest is biggest or most important parallel… then maybe this fandom isn’t for you.
No girlie, it’s just annoying that one incest is obviously regarded as bad and one is somehow justified bc ppl would support Mussolini if he had purple eyes and some itchy skin.
No one is justifying incest, calm down.
It’s enjoyed, justified and presented as somehow special and not as bad. It’s the same thing. So either we support all of it, or shit on all of it. Don’t patronize me, it’s a sub for a tv show, this isn’t high school.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stunning (or should I say “ooh stunnin’ “)
So beautiful!
Haters can hate all they want but Emma is really an epitome of book valyrian beauty
I love that hair style emma looks stunning as always!
I’ll admit I was so hesitant when Emma was first cast as Rhaenyra. I just couldn’t picture her as Rhaenyra. But after the performance she delivered in season one, wow did I eat my words. She is absolutely stunning, and her portrayal of Rhaenyra was so well done.
Acting for TV and film looks so hard three days. Like, I can make pretend so-so but not when I’ve got green screens to look at and 3-5 people up in my space. And they’re doing _well_. Blows my mind!
So beautiful!
Wow, Emma d'Arcy looks absolutely stunning in this new behind-the-scenes picture as Rhaenyra Targaryen! I cannot wait to see her bring this fierce and powerful character to life on screen. The anticipation for House of the Dragon continues to build and I'm so excited to see what the future holds for this highly anticipated show. Bring on the dragons and the Targaryens!
Their eyes almost seem purple under certain lights, it's amazing!
Is this from season 2?
Is this from season 2 filming?
My Queen
She pulls the most harsh expressions with her soft beauty. That's so difficult to do, she amazes me.
Is it the second Season behinde the scene
It’s wild to me still that this was filmed during a pandemic wearing masks lol times were tough
Love them!!!
It’s wild how Emma’s eyes look purple in certain lightings
Awesome i can't wait
Emma looks so different from her actual real self. Just show you how great an actor she is!
They are so regal
Y U SO BEAUTIFUL
They are such perfect casting
I don’t understand posting these regular pictures.
Queenly Aura is so real
Emma has very regal facial features
I honestly didn’t know people think Emma isn’t pretty. How high are people’s standards? Scratch that, how bad is their vision. Emma is gorgeous.  I knew this fan base was kinda toxic but seeing the comments just makes me hate it even more.
I never got people who don't think Emma is attractive in her role.  That's the beauty ideal of a Targaryan - what did they expect?  Like, imagine you are a middle ages commoner, and you see the palest motherfucker with white hair and the lightest blue eyes pass you by. Of course they will look "otherwordly" to the regular westerosi.  I swear, some people expect an IG model, with the most modern beauty standards.  That's just not what was in back on the day. You can think Emma is not your type personally, but they nail the role appearance wise.
Queen Things
Its crazy how much controversy follows Emma just for being nonbinary. I often comment something along the lines of "Emma is so beautiful" on Facebook posts by GoT fan pages and without fail there will be laughing/angry reacts and comments telling me I'm wrong, stupid, or ugly myself just for expressing that opinion. Never would have thought finding someone pretty would be controversial but that hatred runs deep for some reason. Must be exhausting for those actually experiencing it.
she's mah queen
I love Emma but my hypothesis is that some men might be expecting an adult rhaenyra that looks more like Milly Alcook. Milly has this high fantasy look that’s quite unusual and feels ancient and other-worldly. Emma’s rhaenyra in comparison looks slightly more modern and specific, almost a Nordic look. It’s a unique look, just not as ambiguous as Milly’s.
Her and Milly have very similar facial features good casting
yeah same, I was super sceptical because of how good the first actress was doing, but she knocked it out of the park for me :)
Emma goes by they/them pronouns.
Emma goes by they/them pronouns. No hate, just gently letting you know. :)
She really does carry the black side for me ^^
I think part of it is men seeing a beautiful feminine version of Emma as Rhaenyra and finding that attractive, only to feel threatened after seeing Emma’s personal style that reflects Emma’s non-binary gender. So these men feel the need to rank on Emma’s looks to make themselves feel better because they hate that they found a non-binary person attractive.   And it’s okay if people just aren’t a fan of Emma’s eclectic personal style—that’s not what I’m referring to. Most of the people who don’t dig Emma’s style still agree that they’re an ethereally beautiful person.
It’s more toxic than you know. I remember when the first casting announcement made people attack Emma for not being beautiful enough to play Dany’s ancestor. Funny enough, the hatred was made by Danaerys fans….
Emma is a type of mature beauty, regal and fantasy looking. I don't consider her gorgeous, they're more like otherworldly fairy magic being (in looks). Does that make sense?😅 sorry I had a negroni
who in their right mind call Emma not pretty? I mean for sure her real life look is very different, but that makes her better
> some people expect an IG model, with the most modern beauty standards  And that modern beauty (nose job, lip filler) is very recognizable on screen and makes everyone look the same.
*their role :)
Milly Alcock is not non-binary and dresses more feminine irl. Emma does not. I think it’s that simple imo. The amount of times I see people saying Emma looks like Elon Musk in an insulting way for ex. Also people clowned on Milly for her looks before season one aired (especially mean comments about her mouth/teeth) but that has gone away, but unfortunately people still clown on Emma’s appearance/looks. I also think that Milly looks a bit more like Emilia Clarke than Emma so Milly gets more of that positive Dany nostalgia/halo
[removed]
I don’t get why people get so butt hurt by pronouns. I’ve never met anyone who’s nonbinary freak out if they were mislabeled accidentally. However, fuck anyone  who does it on purpose.  That said attractive is attractive. Emma is attractive. Both in and out of character.
Emma uses they / them pronouns, just FYI! ☺️
Emma uses they / them pronouns, just FYI! ☺️
Yep, Emma is so refreshing, and that plastic surgery look would not look natural in this setting.
The funny part is that I never felt Daenerys was a true Targaryan beauty-wise.      She is gorgeous, but until the latter seasons, I didn't feel her as a real Targ, book-wise.
Because all women on TV have to look like each other or be as attractive or more attractive than each other. Ffs.
See here is the thing, as a man I did now bring up nor care about their gender identity at all, yet I’m getting downvoted for some reason lol.
You could say the exact same thing that there are countries like America/others in the west that are more open about this thing, nobody cares what’s going on in most Muslim countries and other countries in general when it comes to basic respect.
I don’t even think it’s just the pronouns, I think the people ranking on Emma also get pissy because they feel “tricked.” Like a bigoted person finds Rhaenyra attractive so they want to like Emma, but then the bigoted person finds out Emma is non-binary and gets upset/embarrassed, so they lash out and call Emma ugly to soothe their insecurity.   Misogynistic men view attractiveness as the ultimate value of a woman, so when a shitty guy feels wronged by a woman the first thing he does is try to devalue her by calling her ugly/denying that he found her attractive in the first place. Or in Emma’s case, a non-binary actor who plays a beautiful woman.
[removed]
Yeah she’s too cute, her features are very soft, Emma has a bit more definition and hardness and masculinity which can be very ethereal. Hunter Schafer would be an incredible Targaryen for the same reasons.
[removed]
I dunno. I’m a straight white male and my only confusion is am I still “straight” if I like Emma? Personally I don’t really care about my label just curious what that mean.
No it isn’t, that word has lost all meaning because people like you can’t tell the difference between genuine criticism and actual bigotry. Get back to me when those countries change their tune on women’s rights.  Muh freedom of speech, yet if someone was constantly calling you the wrong name you would obviously have a problem with it.
You can still be straight if you find Emma attractive. Sexuality is more about what it means to you and how you feel. If you feel straight, then you can totally be straight while finding a non-binary person attractive. Even if someone else would consider themselves not straight in the same scenario, it doesn’t mean you can’t be straight. There’s not strict criteria for determining sexuality, so the choice of label is really with you.
Typical western mindset: my values and opinion are superior everything else is bigotry.  No, i would not get upset if you simply follow the laws of your country or religion. Just like in the UK i would call Emma the way she wants to be called.   I was not insulting you, i was standing up for different values and opinions saying different opinions matter including muslim ones,  yet i am the conservative jerk not someone who forces other values and customs onto others.  Think about it.
And this sub won’t let me change my flair to “Gay for Emma” I tried even though only you’d get the joke.
If it makes me superior to say that there's no justification for treating people badly (especially when it comes to immutable characteristics) then so be it. You can justify it all you want through "values" and religion, but nobody has to accept it.   Different values and opinions is something like "I think taxation should be done this way" or "I value communinty spirit over individuality" not bigotry or discrimination. It's such a snakey and pathetic move to frame this as a difference of opinion. Religious freeodm means that you can decide to not do something on the basis of your faith, as soon as that extends to trying to control someone's life or who they are there's a big problem. Religion is a choice, these things are not.   If you think that accepting people and treating them with respect is "forcing values and customs" then you're just telling on yourself.   >I would call emma the way she wants to be called  You're doing a great job at that.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This would be a pipe dream with Daemon in the picture. His main goal is to keep his family (or rather, whom he considers his family) in power.  Even Rhaenyra voiced her discontent of the aesthetic changes the Greens made to the Red Keep when they came back to KL. I'd doubt she'd keep quiet and be content being a figurehead while the Greens effectively took over all the real power.
She’s not exactly a revolutionary to even think of something like that,it’s a totally new form of goverment .And she’s a queen consort plus not even a Targaryen herself so I don’t see how anyone would listen to her about what to do with their dragons,everyone but her kids would probably laugh in her face if she tried. She wanted the absolute power of the king for her son,that’s pretty much it when you take away her personal resentment towards Rhaenyra. Plus doing this would be basically impossible without Otto noticing she’s limiting him and with Daemon and Rhaenyra allowing it to that point when they already had an issue with just taking away Targ symbols from the Red Keep. There are also Targ loyalists still around and she’d have to remove them as well without alarming anyone to what she’s doing.
But why should Rhaenyra honor any of that? Alicent isn’t even a Targaryen. It was already EXTREMELY bold to replace Targ iconography with that of the Seven.
I'm assuming we're isekai-ing into Alicent, since as smart as she is, nobody in this series is smart enough to successfully come up with all that singlehandedly?  The main stumbling block is that practically everyone in this scenario is going to resist moving away from a patriarchal feudal absolute monarchy for  ideological and personal reasons. The people most persuadable are the least powerful & thus least necessary to Alicent's plans. Alicent herself also doesn't have the power to singlehandedly force these changes, since her ability to influence politics is almost 100% soft power the men around her tolerate her wielding when convenient for them (ex Robert, Tywin, Tyrion & Joffrey overruling Cersei in ASOIAF/GOT). If we're stepping into Lord Strong's place instead, we might have a better shot  at getting the changes made -- but it'd still be an uphill battle.
This would be a pipe dream in westeros. No one would agree to a constitutional monarchy period.
Suppose Daemon was confronted with this newly founded oligarchy that has watered down the Iron Throne's power, how would he go about taking power back from the Green Dragon riders who now have seats in the hypothetical dragon council, and from all the lords from across the realm who've now got a stake in central government?
Isn't even a Targaryen? Alicent is the effing queen consort. People love to forget that bit. Like it or not, Alicent and Otto were the power behind the throne during Rhaenyra's absence. As queen consort, she absolutely would be in charge of the Red Keep's decorations.  That's exactly the kind of thing queen consorts would do, along with organizing celebrations, matchmaking etc. It's ridiculous to say it's extremely bold of her.
In your opinion, say if Rhanerya is confronted with this Holy Roman Emperor style situation, how would she go about clawing that power back?
But wouldn't the power sharing of dragon riders have precedent in the Valyrian freehold? And the great council of Jahaerys kind of opened up the idea of a Holy Roman Empire style parliament of some sort. The lords would probably still see it as feudalism, just that they got new benefits.
Maybe not a full on constitutional monarchy but the head of the house isn't necessarily the one calling the shots in every case.  Mace Tyrell, for instance, is the head of House Tyrell but the person pulling his strings was Lady Olenna. Likewise, Viserys may have been king in name but in the last years of his life, the Greens were effectively in control.  All I'm saying is that no way would Rhaenyra and Daemon agree to this and they wouldn't be happy being surrounded by Hightower loyalists.
Thing is I don't think it would even get to that point.   Let's say Viserys dies and Rhaenyra is crowned, the first and second order (in no particular order) of business would be:  1 - Restore all the Targaryen heraldry in the Red Keep.  2 - Dismiss Otto.  (I'm assuming Daemon would want to kill him but Rhaenyra would probably forbid him to...)  In the early episodes, they said Viserys was surrounded by "vultures". I don't think they're going to keep said vultures in positions of power once Rhaenyra is crowned.
>That's exactly the kind of thing queen consorts would do, along with organizing celebrations, matchmaking etc. It's ridiculous to say it's extremely bold of her.  I don't think the other poster meant that Alicent had no right to switch décor.   Just that she is supposedly acting on the will of Viserys (she even says that in one scene to Daemon) + representing the Targaryens but instead she replaced the Targaryen heraldry with the symbols of the Seven. It's highly unlikely Viserys would've approved of the changed had he been well.
I'm not sure how much we actually can say for certain about how dragonriding families in the Valerian Freehold managed internal conflicts & power struggles. My impression is that they tried to dodge a lot of potential conflicts with all the incest + polyamory; and kept the "spare" relatives who couldn't be assimilated into the main line busy enacting the Freehold's expansionist/colonialist policies (assuming they allowed those relatives to ride dragons at all). So there might not be that much precedent there that's workable for the Targaryens in Westeros.  Wrt the Great Council, I agree that's the sort of thing that would get cited in future Westerosi poli-sci textbooks -- just that I don't think all these feudal noblemen are gonna leap from "it was a great idea to call a Great Council to confirm we wanted Jaehaerys to select the heir he clearly wanted to pick" to "why do we let one guy have so much power just because of birth circumstances he had no control over? Let's just decide things ourselves, by voting!"
But I think the "poison pill" in our scenario is that oligarchy jacks up the risks and costs of a claw back:  So in your example, suppose Otto's firing is countermanded by the newly minted Dragon rider council, who would say based on this new edict, the Iron Throne has devolved it's power and the Hand's dismissal can be vetoed if three dragon riders oppose...  So unfortunately for the new Queen, the vultures can't be removed without a dragon war and taking back power from hundreds of newly appointed lords with legislative powers (which would anger the entire nobility who wouldn't want their "rightfully bestowed" boons taken away).  Now Rhaenrya has a choice, civil war or keep the peace?  Because even when the Greens actually usurped, she didn't want to fight a war immediately, so in a scenario where she is Queen, but just Holy Roman Empire style, I think there's a not small chance that she might decide to not rock this new boat.
I am not so sure about that. While he may prefer the Targaryen decor, Viserys is someone who is willing to make compromises to keep the peace. I feel like he wouldnt think decor to be something worth arguing about and would just let Alicent do what she wanted.
Interesting, so you believe that the freehold was more of a technicality and that the collective Valyrian dragon riders were really like one big dysfunctional Targaryen family, where passion tangled them all together and not legalese.  I actually think that makes sense since in real life, nobility is spread out, even if Rome fell in one day, there were tons of top tier senatorial lineage officials all over the provinces.  However, 99% of dragon riders were in Valyria to be doomed at one time, this suggests to me your suggestion of bonds of incest/polyamory being a somewhat unifying force for the collective dragon riders (even if they were from different houses) could be true.   As for the feasibility of the hypothetical expanded council system, I'm still kind of undecided. On one side, there is this precedence set by UK/Magna Carta where feudal nobles were smart enough to take authority from the King, a millennia spanning process, while keeping the King/Queen around and basically continuing to worship him or her. On the other side, are the nobles smart enough to know that once they take power from the King, the small folk will one day take power from them (as did happen to British gentry)?
I wouldn't go so far as to say I think the Freehold was only technically a Freehold -- more like we just don't have enough information. Since in-universe sources tend to focus on the Freehold's more oppressive, coercive practices, I would assume it's not the first place Westerosi reformers would turn to find role models for good governance.  WRT the UK/Magna Carta, there are some meaningful differences between the gradual (and non-linear) erosion of aristocratic privileges that happened there, and the goal we're pursuing in this hypothetical, which is to establish a functioning constitutional monarchy in about one generation or so.
The brutality of the Valyrians is certainly a deal breaker, but Viserys seems to have an idealised version of the freehold in mind, or maybe just Targaryen propaganda. So maybe she could play that.  As for the constitutional monarchy aspect, originally, I wasn't really thinking along those lines. So maybe constitutional is too fancy a word for what I had in mind, and was the wrong choice to use in the post description.  My idea was that since Alicent fears her family getting wiped out should Rhaenerya succeed, and she should've also been smart enough to know that going for the crown would mean a dragon dogfight, which also puts her kids at risk, why doesn't she just water down the throne sneakily so the power can't be used against her.  So her goal wouldn't be to create a functional constitutional throne, but to crudely  dilute it's power enough that her interests are safe, and one way to do this is to hand out enough candy to the realm (i.e. devolve powers to a boatload of lords) that a new political landscape where Hightower soft power influence is now golden emerges, also backed by the implicit power of Vhagar and Green dragons (who now also have legal positions as Dragon Rider Councillors ), and Rhaenerya can't claw back that power without going it alone against the whole realm, effectively being that mean lady taking away candy from toddlers (i.e lords) en masse.  It's a poison pill fait accompli, and Rhaenerya and Daemons long term political  isolation makes it hard for them to rock this new big boat, and the fact  that Alicent did hand over power technically makes it less of an incentive for them to escalate.
I suspect Viserys doesn't idealize the Freehold for its egalitarian aspects. Also, I'm not sure he'd want to recreate it, if given the opportunity. He might actually see it as a sort of what-not-to-do, given his belief that House Targaryen's control over the dragons is illusory & belief in the power & importance of prophetic dreams.  I think the idea (dilute the power of the Iron Throne instead of fighting over it) is theoretically sound, but unworkable in practice. Alicent doesn't have the power to get this done in time; but even a more powerful person would struggle to accomplish it. And to get the changes to stick, they'd probably need buy-in from all sides; which is unlikely (especially if we assume the point of doing this is to protect not only Alicent's children, but also House Hightower's power & influence).
I suspect Viserys doesn't idealize the Freehold for its egalitarian aspects. Also, I'm not sure he'd want to recreate it, if given the opportunity. He might actually see it as a sort of what-not-to-do, given his belief that House Targaryen's control over the dragons is illusory & belief in the power & importance of prophetic dreams.  I think the idea (dilute the power of the Iron Throne instead of fighting over it) is theoretically sound, but unworkable in practice. Alicent doesn't have the power to get this done in time; but even a more powerful person would struggle to accomplish it. And to get the changes to stick, they'd probably need buy-in from all sides; which is unlikely (especially if we assume the point of doing this is to protect not only Alicent's children, but also House Hightower's power & influence).
Viserys was such a sensitive person, it's tragic. But Otto aside, I think the Greens and Blacks could really have been one big happy family, the kids were all rather quirky and not at all vicious power hungry coup lovers. Corlys was okay and honourable, And Daemon could be controlled if the family unites.  As for the buy in from all sides, if I were a lord, and were offered a position in the expanded court by royal decree (Alicent had the stamp) with newfound powers, I think I would jump in, especially as there might even be a benefits package too.  But as you say, there is always the risk of failure. Nevertheless, if I were Alicent, I did commit all to go down this route, since the alternative would be my kids on the front line dodging either dragon flame, or dragon flame backed by a bill of attainder.  I think there's still a good chance at success since if the goal is self preservation by giving power away, then it's always easy to give things away. Much harder to take it back.
Some fan artist described Viserys as "father who would be revered Games Workshop employee in modern times" and I'll never unsee that. :)  I think too many people on both sides of the Dance were fairly ambitious, & would have remained so regardless of whether or not the Dance happened, in ways which would make it hard to prevent future conflict & toxic competition. For example, it might actually be harder to divert Daemon's dangerous excesses than it was in canon, since he can gain power without needing to go through the Iron Throne.  Wrt buy-in, the problem isn't that there aren't *any* people willing to buy in at all. The problem is that Alicent's closest allies in this situation currently benefit more with the winner-take-all system, and would not want to switch away from this unless the system were so rigged in their favor that their political rivals would never accept the changes as legitimate.   That said... Yeah, of course I, with the benefit of foreknowledge of the dance & modern political education, would also make different choices from canon!Alicent if I were in her shoes. But my choices would depend when I got to start making changes too.
The Games Workshop employee pretty much sums it up.  You know, I always wondered what exactly Alicent was doing during all those years when she had a monopoly on power, she even sat in the King seat in the Vaemond talks. It felt wasted.  Otto's whole plan seems to hinge on an assassination attempt by Westerling by asking on the spot. Which seems real sloppy for someone who has planned for years.  And to be honest giving Driftmark to Vaemond was a pretty ineffectual potshot in my view since Driftmark was too much in the Blacks backyard, that Daemon can always bump the succession by "slimming down" the pool.  Also, really enjoyed this exchange of views, I'm really interested in the nuances of the political side, and  want to see more of it on this reddit. Perhaps you can post some questions too, we seem to share interests.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It would either be the most epic scene in cinematic history or... the most cringe one.
Better get comfortable.  It’s likely it’ll be at the end of season 3.  But it’s entirely possible they push it to season 4….  Meaning it could be 3-4 years away… or maybe even 5-6
Same.  Btw, the artist is amazing. Vaghar almost has a humanlike expression watching Daemon leap...
You lived too long, uncle!
All of you saying this will be cringe take life too seriously, i hope they add some anime music and he screams as he jumps just to annoy you
I am cautiously pessimistic. We haven’t seen enough dragon on dragon combat, especially since Season 8 dropped the ball so egregiously. Vhagar and Arrax looked good, but Daemon jumping off Caraxes is probably going to be the hardest shot in the series to render realistically.  You don’t just have to consider the logistics of what it looks and feels like when a person jumps off a dragon, and messing it up will make the scene look like one of those live action anime adaptations that learned nothing from The Matrix.
GRRM agreed that this is the scene he is looking forward to the most in HotD!
SAMEEEEEE
If it's gong to have Giraffes, ima gonna lose my s%@^   Don't let me down HBO!
This is probably the most metal scene in ASOIAF history lol
I CANNOT wait to see Coryl’s reaction. It’s gonna be so good
I can’t wait. Two of my favorite going at it! To a very fitting end! **”You’ve lived too long Uncle.”**
Aemond was like a scared little cat in this scene. Walmart version of Daemon
This is the scene I'm most excited for!!
Hard to see them adapting this without it being cringe. If D&D wrote this for GOT then most would agree.
Better prepare for the action and the cringe…
Yeah for this scene only we are seeing the show 😂😂
After seeing how easily they butcher simple things in these shows I’m very scared with how they handle this. It’s literal perfection as written. But you know they’ll have to do their own thing
Oh yeah!
This scene is going to be something else :)
Knowing the liberties they have taken in season 1, Daemon jumps from Caraxes completely missing Aemond, Caraxes won’t bite Vhagar but instead Vhagar will refuse to obey Aemond and will Kamikaze down with Caraxes in the water.  “ The idea that we control the dragons is an illusion Rhaenyra!!!” says a dragonless King, whilst all Targaryens in history were perfectly in control of their dragons.  Daemon who somehow survived the fall will join the Night’s watch under a differnt name.
Why would anyone enjoy watching a senior citizen doing magical anime flips. No point unless they actually make it into a cool fight instead of GRRM jerking off at daemon.
Hopefully I live long enough to see it lol
Please. That dose of reality was not what I needed this morning.
« Naniii?! » in high Valyrian
Doug Wheatley!
On that much we agree
I do too. This sub gets exhausting with their cries of "cringe".
\**Gas Gas Gas!*\*
The safest bet is to probably not show the actual jump. Highlight how Aemond buckets his dragon seat belts but Daemon doesn’t. Then emphasize how Caraxes is above and using the light to blind them, Aemond wincing at the glare. Then show Daemon coming into focus out of the glare. Then cut to a slowed shot mimicking the iconic image here. Crash back into full speed as he impacts.   That’s how I see it at least. Think it skips over the least convincing bit which would be the actual leaping off the back of a cg dragon.
Comparing the teenager to the 50-year-old war veteran instatly makes Aemond cooler.  Also, Daemon's type in women is minors, while Aemond's is MILFS. Aemond wins.
Wow. Unm Aemond died a warrior and Daemon drowned not warrior death at all.
Yep, it's funny this is being downvoted but it is very cringe. It's clear that Daemon is George's fave cause how did the man that he described as having difficulty getting on his dragon suddenly parkour from dragon to dragon and manage to pull off Aemond's helmet and manage to stab him in the eye mid air as they're falling down.
Endure and survive
*Omae wa mou morghulis.*
His art in F&B is the stuff of dreams
Daemon probably got either pasted by the fall, or burnt to goo by the boiling dragon blood. Either way it’s fucking badass.  Aemond got stuck like a pig
Manfryd Mooton's captain of the guard: "This thing is easily done. The prince sleeps beside her, but he has grown old. Three men should be enough to subdue him should he try to interfere, but I will take six to be certain. Does my lord wish this done tonight?"  Manfryd Mooton's brother: "Six men or sixty, he is still Daemon Targaryen."
I don't see how this is particularly "cringe" since we're talking about a world with Dragons and ice zombies lol.
Daemon Targaryen was 49 when he died not 60. You aged him a whole decade lol
Elderly citizen suddenly not elderly anymore doing an anime jump to kill his edgelord nephew
Like I said, if D&D wrote something that for season 8 of GOT then everyone would agree.
Are people just gonna use that with every criticism? "well there's dragons and ice zombies" ok great but that doesn't mean a 60 year old parkouring on dragons mid air while they're tumbling down to the gods eye isn't ridiculous.
People just love using the word cringe. Especially on this sub.
I don't agree, and there's clearly a bunch of people in this post alone that done agree.  Half of D&Ds problem was that they didn't do these "cringe" moments or give fan service and instead went in completely different and random ways that left people wanting more.
I thought he was in his 40s when he died? I don’t remember fully though, it’s been awhile since I read it. That’s usually not that old though.
>ok great but that doesn't mean a 60 year old parkouring on dragons mid air while they're tumbling down to the gods eye isn't ridiculous.  Its a fanstay with Dragons, white walkers, Immortal tied to trees, Immortal fire witches, reanimated people back from the dead... Yes, people are going to point out how in the grand scheme of things a battled hardened warrior doing something ridiculous really isn't all that ridiculous when you look at the story as a whole.
Absolutely, it's become such a vague term.
Yes and those are fantastical elements but that doesn't mean the humans are suddenly going to act like circus artists.
It's fine if you don't like it but I'm not going to act like it's the msot ridiculous thing in a show/book that's full of ridiculousness.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think it's pretty obvious that these are important battles, especially the Gullet. Right now we have no idea what the writers are planning. There's no evidence that they are planning to exclude anything at this point.    The only thing we know is that next season will have eight episodes, and the writers are planning to move some battles down the timeline chronologically. On top of this, they're still undecided on whether to do 3 or 4 seasons for the Dance of Dragons. If they choose three seasons, we might see some things cut. But there's no point in panicking now.
Uh??? Isn’t that Jace and Daeron..? Like those are pretty important battles cjabsbwbsb
Things won’t be cut from the show but how much of it we see will depend on budget and time constraints. Think about Robbs battles in GOT or the battle where Tyrion got knocked out in the first 10 secs, we saw no actual battle. We saw the aftermath and the talking after the battle but not the battle itself. We will get similar moments in HOTD. The cost of putting together all the battles would just be too high.
The description of gullet in books itself is on another level naming it greatest sea battle ever fought in westeros history and so many ships and 5 adult dragons,  it's going to be spectacular on screen pretty sure they won't cut this.
Ignore him,he is an idiot..Nothing will be cut especially those important things
Nothing is set in stone, let's not panic.
I also saw someone (seemingly sincerely) ask if they might skip showing a list of the most famous battles including God's Eye.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I……. Um I don’t get it
Bran isn't a One Night Stand, he's a One Night Sit
:/
God I would love to be a fly on the wall for filming this scene. Just watching the crew take off Isaac’s glasses and being like “ok blankly stare at this particular grayish blur”
OP hurled her out the window
Things I do for love
Hahahahaha
Aye yes. Just with the title was a bit like something bar like. Yet yeah I remember Jamie throwing Brandon out the window. Though Jamie looking a bit shook
It’s from when Jamie saw Brandon the first time since he threw him out the window
Oh yeah. I remember, I remember. Thank you
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah, that's the episode that people shit on the most, for the reasons you mentioned more or less.  The scene with Rhaenys in the coronation is hated by pretty much everyone here. It is considered stupid.  People also criticize the feet scene as entirely unnecessary as well and a way to make Alicent more sympathetic and a little blameless over everything that happens. Alicent is being sexually harassed in this case but other than that, haven't you noticed that she's a massive hypocrite? Her being uptight but doing shady shit is very in character for her even if you don't like that scene (I don't either).  Same goes for Cole. He's a massive hypocrite as well.   Mysaria knows Aegon goes to those pits. She just uses the fact that she helps put him on the throne to get his grandfather, the hand, to shut them down. As for her "Power to the people" line, she has a point. If you know, you know.
Yeah the writing isn’t good but it’s not really a surprise when you look at Condal’s limited list of other stuff. The other writers have unimpressive or nonexistent résumés as well   The show was enjoyable for what it was but take the GOT and GRRM “brand names” off of it and it’s just another mediocre fantasy series albeit with mostly terrific casting and acting.   For a show with such a huge budget (relatively speaking), they didn’t invest the money particularly well. Neither the CGI nor scripts really lived up to the hype.   I think people are just happy to be back in the universe and without D&D they overlook a lot of flaws which D&D and later era GOT were panned for.   Way too many plot contrivances, the ridiculous plot armor (stepstones battle) and the hated “dragon popping out of the floor and apparently Rhaenys and the dragon suffer no damage because plot armor and kill a bunch of civilians because it is badass” scene is among the worst in the entire franchise  It’s not a bad show but it’s nowhere near prime GOT  Hopefully they clean up the VFX in S2, I doubt the scripts will be much better (especially with all the rumored issues).
The writing was bad from episode 1. From the watered down and acontextual politics they project on the story, to the characterization of many characters it's kind of a mess. The worst part is that it's a mess in terms of the internal consistency and sense of the scripts and the overall story of the show; not just in terms of adaptation. Many of the aspects that don't work are things you're told to look out for in basic writing classes.
Agree with all your criticisms OP. Plus that bizarre conversation where Rhaenys asks Alicent ”have you never imagined yourself on the throne?” Um, what? How on earth would *Alicent* have a claim to the throne?? That line came out of nowhere and made zero sense.   Episode 9 was definitely the worst but there were weird bits all the way through the season. The writing is mediocre and often inconsistent, but the show is being carried by some amazing acting performances. And they’ve done a great job with the dragons in my opinion.
*Sucks*? That's generous. It's one thing when you just have bad writing but when the writers try to pass it off as smart and complex, posturing with cheap 'profound' lines, it's just cringe.  I mean, it actually fascinates me people suggest this is anywhere near GoT S1-4 quality. I think many will be shocked looking back on this show with eyes unclouded by hype and expectations.  For me, it's the dumbed-down story and pandering. Though all the whoopsies and misuderstandings in the plot are starting to make for good comedy entertainment.
I dont think season one had bad writing but i do think it was very weak at times. They also didnt explore characters enough beyond Rhaenyra and a bit of Alicent and Daemon. What about Aegon? Halaena? Jace? etc....  I think we need to be honest with ourselves and say the show is good but not great and then we will enjoy it more. If we have really high expectations people are going to end up disappointed.
I hoped it would be better with GRRM's closer involvement. But mark my words: this is going to evolve over the years into a show with "what you need is a bad pussy" kind of lines.  “Theon Greyjoy, a serious boy with a serious cock.” I like the smell of Garlic and cum.” We’ve gotten lines like this in almost every season of GOT. Will never understand the big gripe with that line.    It's only the first season and already we see a character like the former almost Queen making a dumb decision. She could've dropped the D word and ended the upcoming civil war right there and then by burning the competition down at the coronation.  Idk. Burning her cousins wife, children, hand of the king, the high sept, Tyland, Jasper, Larys, etc isn’t paving the way for a peaceful succession for Rhaenyra or uniting the realm imo.. In episode 10 she says “A war is like to be fought over this treachery to be sure, but that war is not mine to begin.” Not “that war is not mine to prevent/end.” Meaning if she burns them, she will start a war. She would’ve further divided the realm by killing everyone after Otto tells the public the king changed his mind. Daeron is still in Oldtown and Aegons children are still alive. The country can rally to their side instead of Rhaenyra’s.
>It's only the first season and already we see a character like the former almost Queen making a dumb decision. She could've dropped the D word and ended the upcoming civil war right there and then by burning the competition down at the coronation  Why should Rhaenys become a kinslayer to benefit the daughter of the man who was chosen at the Great Council over Rhaenys?
Wait, Mysaria’s actor isn’t in The Expanse. I’m guessing you confused her for Julie Mao’s actor (Florence Faivre) but she’s nowhere near part of the ASOIAF world. Beyond that, she’s an actor in a minor role. What leverage does she have to ask for her lines to be rewritten? All anybody associates with her character is the powah to the ~~beltalowda~~ people. There are points to this post that are actually very fair, but adding things like that can make it seem like a rant rather than a discussion
No, we don’t all collectively hate that scene or consider it to be stupid.
> especially with all the rumored issues  Which issues would those be? I'm out of the loop. But nice to see that people agree. I indeed just enjoy being back in the universe but can't help myself from rolling my eyes. Just watched 1x10 and I'm worried for this shows future.   Here's the thing. There's obviously good, gripping parts to the story. But they hang on such a thin, loose thread due the sometimes unbelievable decisions that are made.
>The worst part is that it's a mess in terms of the internal consistency and sense of the scripts and the overall story of the show  An example I can think of right now is how after Rhaenyra sees and spares the white stag in episode 3 (which suggests to the audience that she's worthy of being heir, the gods favor her, she's going to be a just ruler, yada yada yada), we don't really see her do anything that supports the idea. In fact we see her do the opposite in the next episode.
Your first paragraph doesn't make sense. You can have a desire to sit on the Iron Throne without being in line for the throne. I imagine Littlefinger imagines himself sitting on that thing three times per day.
>Though all the whoopsies and misunderstandings in the plot are starting to make for good comedy   Honestly the tourney, Stepstone battles, and Aegon-chase would have been fucking hilarious if you sped it up and put Yakety Sax on it
and she could have just used the main exit instead of bursting out of the floor, if she had done that then nobody (well except maybe a few people) would have asked why she didn't turn back and nuke the coronation with Meleys.  She would have got on her dragon and flown away to Dragonstone to warn the blacks about the greens taking over the throne.    the whole writing for episode 9 was dumb, there is no excuse for it.
I'll do you one better: Why the heck did Rhaenys burst through the ground killing hundreds of peasants in the process if she was just going to flee?
>!During Rook's Rest, were they're fighting and the loser would probably die!<, isn't she willing to become a kinslayer to benefit the daughter of the man who was chosen at the Great Council over Rhaenys?
You see if this was fleshed out more it would be believable. But looking at Rhaenys interaction with everyone it seems almost like Rhaenys is just per default pro- Queen who probably killed her son. That flip was way too unnatural and forced as well.  Edit: in fact that's why she wanted her dragon. At that point she was already more or else internally ready to support the Queen that killed her only son (well, put on a boat)
>Wait, Mysaria’s actor isn’t in The Expanse. I’m guessing you confused her for Julie Mao’s actor (Florence Faivre) but she’s nowhere near part of the ASOIAF world  No, her accent is just shit and sounds like a belter lol
That's because Martin never wrote Rhaenyra as a better choice. He wrote her as downright awful in her own way: never caring about  her duty, pushing for her deception because she thought she would rip off others and they'd take it, discriminated bastards, put down other women, was overall a political nightmare and made awful decisions. Other than the fact that the Prince That Was Promised will ultimately come from her line, there's not a single thing justifying Rhaenyra as some chosen one/true royalty.   But it's not just that.   Criston Cole being alive and well after he killed Joffrey at a wedding makes little to no sense in that world. Making Alicent turn her back on years of conviction for 5 whole minutes and introducing a misunderstanding to give her another 180 in such a short span was terrible. Rhaenyra considering Alicent's terms when she thinks that Alicent was deceiving her when telling her she'd make a good queen while seeming conciliatory makes no sense. The writers trying to create some sort of jusxtaposition between Alicent and Rhaenys while having Rhaenys asking Corlys for a single thing to ensure her granddaughters future, with him denying her request and Rhaenys complying does not make sense. Otto having his coup, saying that no one is aloud to leave, and letting Westerling walk out to find his way to Rhaenyra in s02 makes no sense. I could go on.
Man I totally forgot about the white stag. When she left it I was like wtf kill it and bring it with you, it would symbolically solidify your position!! But she didn't for.. well.. I guess audience sympathy or something?
Well sure, anyone can imagine it but to try and actually take the throne you need some sort of claim. Even Littlefinger didn’t try to get himself crowned after Robert’s death because he knew no one would accept it. Rhaenys seemed to be implying Alicent should take the throne herself rather than crown her son which is absurd.
How do you know she could have used a main exit? We have no idea if that way was is blocked off or if Vhagar is on the other side of it. She didn’t just bust out of random spot through the floor neither. It was through a pit hole that’s boarded up.  You’re assuming she could’ve taken a different route. I seen that entrance/exit in episode one. The same one Syrax and Caraxes use, but that was 20 years ago. Could be a huge gate blocking that way or Vhagar could very well be on the other side of that exit. We don’t have a clue if she could’ve used that other exit or not. I believe she went through the pit hole because it was her only way out.
To escape?? Was more than likely her only way out. That’s the entire point. To escape with her dragon. She busted through a pit hole. It wasn’t just a random spot through the floor. Other entrance we see in episode one could possibly be blocked off by a gate or Vhagar might very well be on the other side of that exit.
Ohhhh okay that’s entirely my bad then, milowda
Agree with everything. Especially:  >Criston Cole being alive and well after he killed Joffrey at a wedding makes little to no sense in that world.  I know some have suggested that Alicent may have defended him, but there's no way Criston would've got off from that scot-free. He hit the prince consort, killed a lord, put lots of nobles in a dangerous situation, destroyed the wedding celebrations, and for what? Because his feelings were hurt? Corlys especially wouldn't have stood for that. And to think that Criston then went to become the queen's sworn shield and was entrusted with the princelings' training is just appalling.  >Making Alicent turn her back on years of conviction for 5 whole minutes and introducing a misunderstanding to give her another 180 in such a short span was terrible.  Not to mention she wasn't made aware of the plans for Aegon's ascension. Otto finally recognizes Alicent's capability to play the game but 2 episodes later we find out she wasn't even included in the game plan? And did Alicent even have a plan of her own at all? All those years of trying to make Aegon the heir, yet when the moment comes it seems as if she has no idea how to move forward.
No, she was telling her she should take the power. The Iron Throne in ASOIAF is used as the symbol of absolute power. She is asking her "habe you ever imagined yourself wielding power without serving men", basically.
>blocked off by a gate  I suppose that gate (if it exists) could be opened somehow, by dragon or human. Which begs the question: Why didn't she try that?  >Vhagar might very well be on the other side of that exit  And did Vhagar make it a habit of chomping on whichever dragon passing through or something?  There were probably dozens of scenarios where Rhaenys could escape *without* bursting through the actual floor, especially since no one even knew she was missing. The show failed to explore why Rhaenys didn't choose any of those *logical* options and did THAT instead.
But she can’t take the power without taking the throne. It’s her son who will have the power not her.
Lmao, you don't seriously believe that only the king can have power, right? Like, who was the actual boss, Tywin or Joffrey?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Queen Aemma’s mom Daella Targaryen was Lord Arryn’s second wife & she died during childbirth. Aemma had 4 older siblings already whose descendants were in a civil war for The Eyrie during the time of The Dance. Lord Rodrik died pretty young.    Aemma was more Arryn than anything so aside from her Valyrian mother she didn’t have much influence in the capital before her marriage. And after she was a kind and supportive wife who followed Visery’s wishes. She was never as ambitious as Alicent.   House Arryn couldn’t capitalize on Aemma being queen because they were already fighting amongst themselves.
Partly because of internal issues, most likely. Aemma had older siblings, the oldest of whom died leaving a three year old in charge - and subsequently there was a lot of in-fighting around when Hightower was rising to power. No one was really in a position to step in with Rhaenyra and throw their weight around, otherwise she may very well have had more support.   Then, later in life when things were really escalating, Jeyne Arryn hated Daemon's guts so she probably wasn't about to step in until she absolutely needed to.  Bad timing basically, but also generally house Arryn tends towards being more honourable than power hungry (though ironically the power hungry ones lost the power struggle in the Vale)
Aemma’s father was on Jaehaerys’ council for a while, but he left around the time he married her mother.  Presumably he dies fairly soon after aemma marries Viserys, when she is still young, for his successor -presumably one of her half-brothers- dies the year Rhaenyra is born and a small girl is named lady of the vale, so there really isn’t any Arryn who can take an Otto-like place at court.   The more distant cousins are trying to place their claim over the lady of the vale and seem more interested in that then any influence over aemma or Rhaenyra
They have always had a predilection to isolationism. Plus it’s possible the tension between House Royce and Daemon led to the Arryns distancing themselves from the Royal Family.
I mean in the way Otto and his brother/nephew had been orchestrating Aegon II’s ascension. House Arryn had an interest as well in who the heir was, yet we don’t really see them actively with Rhaenyra prior to the Dance.
I'm assuming the timing had a lot to do with it as well as the characters involved.  The only reason the Hightowers have *any* leeway at all in this situation is because Aegon is a man.   By birth right the throne should be his.  The Arryn situation is different.   Aemma was a woman and regardless of her status as Viserys' wife, Viserys is the one who had the title and blood to back his name. In the years afterward the Arryn's still had no "ground" to climb up the ladder of authority because Aemma (their claim to the royal line) had never produced a surviving male heir.  You have to remember that Daemon was Viserys' heir from the moment he ascended the throne until after baby Baelon died. In all that time there was never any "well maybe Rhaenyra will be Queen someday?" The assumption was always that, if Viserys couldn't produce a male heir, then Daemon would be the next ruler.  Even if the Arryn's had wanted to get their foot in the door they had nothing to wedge themselves in with.   Then, when Rhaenyra is named heir, they still have no opportunity to rise up because Viserys was like a month away from marrying his new young bride ie. another opportunity for a male heir.   Plus, most people didn't take Rhaenyra's status as heir seriously. It's why Jason Lannister is deadass like "i'll take Rhaenyra off your hands" after Aegon is born.   No one actually thought she'd be Queen.
Because their words are "As High As Honor" and for the most part they live by those words.
The Hightowers know Otto and Alicent really well -Otto spent a large part of his life there, the Arryns barely know Rhaenyra. If Aemma were alive it might be different, but Rhaenyra is a Targaryen and Jeyne probably never spoke more than five sentences to her. Also the Vale doesn’t give a fuck about royal politics.
Cuz they have too much honor
I mean, what exactly could they have done? Otto's plan hinged on Alicent giving Viserys a son that he could push to be Rhaenyra's replacement. Aemma only ever had a daughter, until her final pregnancy which resulted in the death of both her and the baby.
They weren't power-hungry.
I’m guessing because they didn’t want to end up like house Hightower eventually did. Decimated. Reach to touch the sun , you get burned.  🤷‍♂️. When you’re on top , your the target of everyone else.
If I had to guess they simply have a very different outlook compared to the Hightowers. The Arryns seem to look inward to manage and maintain their sphere of influence while the Hightowers look outward to influence others.
This definitely explains why they've been reduced to a sickly eight-year old and Harry the Heir by GOT's timeline.   The only thing that can tear down the House of the ~~Dragon~~ Falcon is itself.
Among Us
They also had a lot of internal strife of their own while the Hightowers were in court. Aemma’s father was retired by the time she was born but he had been master of laws so it’s not like he wasn’t involved in court politics. We just don’t see the arryns when they were in court and while we are following the drama in kings landing jeyne is dealing with male cousins coming for her position.
And they are too high
They are a family in a feudal society, of course they are power hungry. The reason why they didn't do anything to get more power like the Hightowers is because they were having a succession crisis
It has to be a long running gag from george that house arryn is almost always either in the middle of or on the verge of a succession crisis
To be fair Jon Arryn was him
or maybe because they kept on accidently walking out of the moon door to take a piss at night
Technically, this isn't true as there are many cadet branches of House Arryn scattered throughout the Vale of Arryn
My lord Arryn, there's a civil war breaking out in King's Landing!  ...What?
Was Jon Arryn the only one to capitalize on such a good position? Being the Lords of the Vale seems like a sweet gig.
House Arryns true words: Oops, wrong door
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I just want to see how massive Balerion and Meraxes were
What was written in the letter Aegon? What was in the letter .  And probably we’ll never know.
Balerion and Aegon burning Harrenhall.
The entirety of the First Dornish War.   It's like the only time Aegon & his sisters weren't easily steamrolling through the land. So yeah, I wanted to see their thoughts & reactions when this war unexpectedly dragged on for almost a decade, resulting with a dragon & rider killed in battle while Dorne stayed unconquered despite all the burned shit.  And I also kinda want House Martell to be redeemed after GoT butchered them.
The Field of Fire!
I want to see the dynamic between Aegon and Orys.
I want to see Rhaenys getting an absolute train ran on her (not that it ever says this happened, but its heavily implied she is a raging sloot).
Mass murder.
The Dornish wars
When the sun sets your line shall end. Also, Viseyna being a badass.
I really want to see aegon burn harrenhole
The letter that convinced Aegon to stop the conquest on Dorne.
I feel like she was at least  caraxes size
I just NEED to see the look on his face when he read it
Dornish plot armor.
We'll never know.   But the Rhaenys being tortured and the letter said the Dornish will end her misery theory is laughable.
I suspect considering the daughter of the Princess of dorne delivered the letter, then aegon burned it and retrated to dragonstone. (I believe that she rhaenys didn't die (meraxes way dead) and was kept as a prisoner in a castle that was indiscriminately burned by aegon and visenya.) So he burned the letter to not be labeled a kinslayer or not lable viseyna that..
Same I know the part where Meraxes get shot out of the sky will break the internet
Smoking that Lannister pack
I mean who wasn’t back then
That could refer to any of the Targaryen time periods
Meraxes? She was bigger then Vhagar
I find it more believable if the letter said, hey, you accidentally killed your own sister, I had my daughter send this letter to show that this war is pointless.
That's interesting as a theory, but if it was the case unstead of retreating i think Aegon would've attacked Dorn again, Knowing how much he loved Rhaenys. I believe that the letter is a mystery that include Rhaenys but also the reason why dorn was always kind of immune to dragons and targaryens, beside their power this must have something to do with magic. That's why Aegon turned his eye from there and never tried ro conquer them again.
The Black Dread got me FUCKED UP
Visenya was far more dutiful than Rhaenys.
Yeah but that was during the conquest, we only know vhagars size after she grew to be the second largest dragon in the show
That seems like a pretty basic message to say 'for your eyes only'. Aegon burnt the letter, flew to Dragonstone immediately and never spoke of it. I'm sure it had more to do with something much more deeply personal and I'm sure it wasn't a threat but a bargain of a sort.
Dorn was not "immune to dragons" the people just did gorilla war and would hide in sand caves...
Well  that’s why aegon took her out of duty and Rhaenys out of love
Vhagar was around 50 during the Conquest,  since it's directy stated she died at 181 years old   Balerion was described as being large enough to swallow an aurochs whole, and in the asoiaf series perhaps a mammoth, during the Conquest  Meraxes was said to be large enough to swallow a horse whole  Meraxes skull is still said to be larger than Vhagar's in asoiaf, though it could be a mistake   The average aurochs and the average horse are not astronomically different in size. An aurochs is mostly fatter with large horns.  Based on this description Meraxes was likely very large  And she could've been between 124 and 62 at the time of her death in 10 AC   Just in case, she is never stated to be younger than Vhagar who was born 23 years before Visenya, so neither of them were  cradle dragons, and she was described as being larger, likely making her older. I see a lot of fans making that mistake so I wanted to include this.
I mean, kinslaying is one of the worst things in westeros
 I know but it feels as if dorn was always ready and they knew how to deal with targaryens. It may be a coincidence judging from the nature of their land but who knows.
I know at least in a lore video it was stated that “ meraxes was proof that a younger dragon could grow larger than an older”  I know there’s a difference between Book canon and show canon , and something like this that we haven’t seen before I think it’s a little up in the air
And was this so called lore video fan made or something official released from HBO  Somethings tells me it was the first option
I’m fairly certain it was by HBO as It had the Game of Thrones actors narrating it.
She is mentioned in multiple videos, which moving illustration were you looking at ?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Braizer - an old school portable heater where you could put hot coals in an elevated metal pan and heat portions of a room without or further from a fireplace.
Egg… Pot…
Incubator
Hot pots
That’s a George Foreman grill
A Slow Cooker.
Dijemion, literally a Warmer. Dijemagon, to warm. The dragonkeepers are called a Urnerys, pl. Urneryssy. If you talk about the entire force of Dragonkeepers, that’s the collective, Urneryr.
Rammekins.
I thought that's what it was at first, but I thought that was too simple. Guess I'm overthrowing things, thanks.
Wait so it's not a cradle? Don't they say that they put an egg in the cradle then what's a cradle?
No doubt these are braziers, but your post made me realize I dont recall these ever being named or called anything in F&B or ASOIAF for that matter.   Anybody got specific passages examples in which this whole process of warming eggs is done?
They put eggs in the cradles along with Targaryen children. It's just a baby cradle with a Targaryen child in it.
A cradle is where a baby sleeps. They would put the egg in the cradle with the baby. The show seems to have added the braziers.
Don't have time to dig up a quote, but I'm quite certain Dany has her eggs in a braizer while in Drogos tent in GoT (bath and/or dragon dream scenes?)
Yes, you’re right, it’s called a brazier in the book
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Viserys’ stress eating was on a whole nother level in this scene lol
Everyone in that room was willfully ignorant, major "nothing to see here" energy. Kiss at the wedding, bone at the funeral. Lol Dae and Rhae are fucking shameless. The relationship between them has to be one of the worst-kept secrets in Westeros. No wonder Vizzy T 'bout choked on his food, fainted, then shotgun married her 10 mins later.
How is NO ONE looking at them thinking “tf is going on over there?!” lmaooo
Matt and Milly’s chemistry was just insane!!
I love how no one cares how intimate D&R are
I feel like every week we get a new picture of them…hbo intern is just like me
Viserys really was like: Right in front of my salad 😂😂
Theyre so hot
I hate that he just left her after this scene like geez dude couldn’t you have saved her from the mob first before dipping out.. but he did the same thing to her in the brothel so idk guess that’s just his thing
I don’t even understand. So now Targaryen’s cannot even have an incestual relationship in peace!! I an uncle cannot marry his niece in Westeros then who can?!
They so kissed in this scene. I just know it. Just waiting for the complete scene to be released.
Just love how the lady on the right seems to be genuinely having fun. Good for her!
My boy Vizzy T was just trying to enjoy his meal and we got these two almost humping on the dance floor.
im going to miss Milly sooo much in S2
I’m so feral for them fr
See they make the perfect match like they were made to be......... but they're family!! 🤮!!
I love how this is happening and only Viserys notices…makes about as much sense as Crispy murdering Joffrey in front of everyone and somehow gets away with it
I love this calm in the middle of the storm
The first thing I see (given later events) is that possessive hand around her neck.  Here pulling her in to a kiss.  Later, not so much.
🎬📽🎞
Why are the background characters costumes so boring and plain for a royal wedding
His short yellowed bleach blonde hair was worse than his kids wigs T_T
HBO knows that this unhinged toxic relationship is box office gold lmao...
I prefer her to the older version they changed her out with,same for the queen. Why didn't they reverse age them for the first portion of the show? It felt like a continuity issue,and could have been done better. This scene is my second favorite in the show.
His blood pressure was sky high for real...
I was watching that thinking “this poor man barely has any fingers left, someone please cut his meat for him”
*The truth does not matter, Playing-Koi. Only perception.*
>Dae and Rhae are fucking shameless.  I literally saw a TikTok edit some months ago that had Camilla Cabello's Shameless and this scene and it fits so good because you're right, they just don't give a damn.
> Everyone in that room was willfully ignorant, major "nothing to see here" energy.  They must've thought "These Targaryens sure have such weird customs", and moved on
In the scene Laena passed them, looked at them and just  ignored them. She always knew.
I mean, it's hot. So... all good?
Family Things first
Viserys was looking. 😡
Not in the mood to be eviscerated by the King for pointing out his brother and daughters.. completely normal Uncle Niece relationship.
Going to really miss Milly
Same.  And I agree, if there's one department of HBO and HotD that absolutely does its job right and knows exactly what they're doing, it's their marketing department. They really don't miss.
It’s okay because Daddy came in and swooped her up after
OTTO HIGHTOWER IS A MORE HONORABLE MAN THAN YOU COULD EVER BE!
Same
They're Targaryens. They are meant to be *because* they are family.
I think everyone sees it but pretends they don't. It's not their business and they don't want to be fed to a dragon. That makes sense.
So they don’t distract the viewer
But never as high as a dragon because apparently - IN THE SHOW - he does not have one like other adult Targaryen’s!
perception game
Bruh where’s the link
wheres the link at
Lmaoo this is true. Damon should’ve been daddy from day 1 😂
Eh.....not by much
Maybe? I’d think Alicent would be staring too and getting angrier and angrier at her
Got never needed to dress up their side nobel in drabs just to have Maegaery/Cersei stand out
Yeah, in a world where Vizzy T still had Balerion, Daemyra probably isn't happening. Even Daemon at his most laissez-faire would probably balk. Or just assume that brotherly affection is enough to shield him. You never can tell with that rogue.
[Here ](https://vm.tiktok.com/ZGJajpnKm/). Took me a while to dig it up because it's been months but I found it.
See my reply to the comment above.
She was staring. You can see her eyes going wide at some point when they show Viserys.
*The Iron Throne is the most dangerous seat in the realm.*
Thanks, that was SPICY
Ok. I only remember Viserys expression but I believe you
So is yo face
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I really like this scene with her and Laena
Yeah, that's one of the things that really got to me with original series too. The moment this scene came I remembered Arya thinking her mother and brother wouldn't want her back because she's filthy 😢 i just want to hug them both 🥺
I feel so bad for her. After she expresses worry that she will be sent away because she doesn't have a dragon, Laena handles it not the nicest way. She puts it in a frame that shows her that it is still time and opportunity for her to have a dragon, and not showcasing that she and her father loves her the same whether she has a dragon or not. And then when Rhaena states that - father ignores me, Laena says he is trying his best... I mean, does he?  And also it is really baffles me that people defending Daemons actions and behaviour... Also it does not surprises me still. In this series and pretty much all ASOIAF world, the Targaryen and much all of other houses have ceased to be families and started function much more like institutions. Viserys with Rhaenyras favoritism and ignoring Aegon, Aemond and Helaena, Daemons ignoring her children - remember, even when their mother is dead their father is giggling at her funeral, their grandmother is the one consoling them, their father literally weeks after their mothers death banging his own niece at the same day of the funeral, then when they get beaten by Aemond - partially deserved in my opinion -, it is again Rhaenys and Corlys there for them while Daemon leans at the door and enjoys the circus of it all.  Rhaena in my opinion one of the characters we should relate to on an everyday basis - like Aemma Arryn, Rhaenys - except the dragon part, and Harwin.
yep - it also shows how shitty of a father Daemon is if he ignores his children whose dragon egg didn't hatch
Which is really weird, since Daemon never had a cradle egg hatch. He’s Caraxes’ second rider (Rhaenys’s father Aemon was his first). He couldn’t have been younger than 11 when he claimed Caraxes based on Aemon’s death.
no it doesn't show anything  other than a child with natural insecurities, like all children who doubt themselves and think that their parents won't love them any more because they failed in something.
There is nothing weird about it as it is how Rhaena perceives the situation as a child, Daemon also probably doubted himself, just like Aemond also doubted himself, and probably every Targaryen who failed to hatch a dragon doubted themselves, this situation proves nothing about the relationship those children would have had with their parents.
Right? People take this scene as proof that Daemon is a shitty father, when really it's more just proof that Rhaena just has low self-esteem or anxiety or something--possivly some sibling rivalry with Baela, whi she might perceive as the perfect child. It speaks volumes about *Rhaena*, not Daemon.
“He ignores me” is hardly about self-doubt. It’s clearly a relationship issue with her father
They are building a whole relationship based on a child's natural insecurities.  They may also want to explain why Daemon sends Baela off to Driftmark to be raised by her grandmother instead of Rhaena if he values Baela more for hatching a dragon, and also explain how someone who failed to hatch a dragon themself would see it as something that makes someone less worthy.
you've never been around children before?
The book does a pretty good job explaining why Rhaena would think Daemon likes Baela more. Baela acts more like him, so he connects more easily with her. That's it! We really don't need any mode explanation than that (though it would be nice for the show to actually show this).  And Daemon connecting easier with Baela doesn't mean he dislikes Rhaena. Connecting easier with one child, especially the and who acts more like you, is a very realistic parenting experience and hurdle. It actually humanizes Daemon. I like to think the reason he fostered Baela with Rhaenys, and kept Rhaena around is because he knew his relarionshipnwith Baela could withstand the distance, but he wanted to keep Rhaena close because he was still trying to figure out how to connect. He loves her. He just struggles, like many parents do.   Also, if Rhaena has picked up as her father and sister's bonding, she's going to try to rationalize it, and its easier for a child to rationalize her father as "disliking* her over something large like a dragon, than over personality traits that she might not even be aware of.
Have you ever? I have a child of my own. I pretty much know what I’m saying
Also Baela is more like Laena than Rhaena is so that would also influence his relationship
why does Laena tell her that Daemon is trying his best?
Exactly my point right? It’s not self-doubt that’s the issue 😓
and you do realise that that perception is based on her own insecurity due to not being able to hatch an egg, that Daemon is not acting the way he does because he doesn't care about her, and his actions have nothing to do with her not being able to hatch the egg, but because he is generally an emotionally distant person, which is why Laena says that he is trying his best.
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t understand why the mods can’t just delete rude comments, you’re right, it happens to pretty much every post about Emma. It’s not sustainable. A post pops up and like an hour later it’s locked, ridiculous. If there needs to be more mods, then get more mods.
Rather than it being specifically about Emma being non-binary (though some also seem to be having issues with that even though it has no consequence whatsoever for the Rhaenyra being presented on screen) it is usually due to Milly fans still salty over Milly being replaced by Emma after the major time jump and those fans ending up bad mouthing Emma for replacing Milly as Rhaenyra (even though Emma is the actual casting for Rhaenyra, not Milly, and Milly was cast after Emma to play the younger version of Rhaenyra, with Episode 7, where Rhaenyra is played by Emma, actually being the first episode that was filmed in the season).
Which post got locked?
One from five hours ago, BTS of Emma from ep eight when Rhaenyra was crying in front of viserys in his quarters
I think 1-2 days ago, a post with a picture Rhaenyra in ep 10 wearing her father's crown. That's it.
Damn literally every post of Emma getting locked 😭😭 Emma army stand up
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Read the whole book. I wish I could read it for the first time again.
I skipped ahead to the Great Council stuff. I don't feel like I missed anything directly relevant to the show
If you just want the show story then skip ahead. Nothing else in the book is relevant to the show.
Fire and Blood is vastly more detailed than the relevant sections of TWOIAF.
Read all the parts *except* the parts the show covers!  The book's not going anywhere. It's great and you should read it - but after the show is done.  Getting to ride the wave of hype and speculation is a unique experience. Don't spoil it for yourself unless you're really, really sure because you can't put the knowledge back in the box once you have it.
Alright  Thanks for response
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There is 0 chance God’s Eye and Rooks Rest doesn’t happen.
Due to the 8-episode-policy and the definitely coming cuts of story - I would say the only battles that are set in stone for happening are Meleys-Synfyre/Vhagar and Aemond-Daemon. And probably Rhaenyras end if you want to count that. Everything else could be either cut or changed.
2nd tumbleton dragon fight?
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
April 12th.
April 12/23
Matt said April 12th, but it\`s probably delayed again since we haven\`t heard any news.
How were they not already doing this. It should’ve been done before the last airing of season 1. They dropped the ball with this show
This show is incredibly expensive to make
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There is no end to the money that can be milked from this universe and I for one welcome that with open arms
Incest threesome scene or we riot.
Balerion the black dread on screen? Insert, I will be there no matter what meme.
This fits more as a movie than series.
I'd prefer the 1st Blackfyre rebellion. I find those characters fascinating.
A Robert’s Rebellion movie would be an instant gold mine for HBO
Do it you cowards
Yes, Please. Even if it's just one season
The First Blackfyre Rebellion or Robert's Rebellion. Both would be amazing
How on earth are they going to make the plot interesting?  Unless they’re going for a dragon version of John Wick
This story was one I was looking forward to seeing an adaptation of. Balerion the Black Dread in the flesh, Meraxes and a younger Vhagar should be a sight. Plus seeing the Gardeners, Durrandons and the Hoares. I think the movie will set the stage and give some back story before the series starts.  I would love to see Aenys and Maegor's reign as well, the first trial of the 7 would be pretty amazing to see but ultimately I think HBO would adapt all of Targaryen history eventually, they ruled for 300 years and there is a lot of story there to tell.  But what are the chances that we see Valyria and the Doom like as a separate adaptation?
IMO that is one of the least interesting projects they could do in this franchise. We already know how it ends and it doesn't really explore any new ground. The most interesting project they came up with was the Age of Heroes but they killed that. All I want is a series that dives into the unknowns: the far east like Asshai, Old Valyria and the Doom, Nymeria's voyage, Lomas Longstrider's journey, the Labyrinths, Summerhall, etc.  If they do Aegon's Conquest, I'll undoubtedly watch it, but this is starting to feel like Star Wars- a rich universe full of potential, endlessly retreading the same era and events.
I'd love a season 1 aegons conquest, season 2 aenys and maegors reign then season 3 jaehaerys conciliation of the realm. Ten episodes a season hbo, ten not 8, ten.
I want a movie or mini series about the Robellion.
My only issue is that aegons conquest is so one sided
Inject it into my veins
I dont know if there is an interesting story here with this event. Doesnt aegon just fly his dragons and burn shit up??!
Great! But the Blackfire rebellion would be way better
HeNRy CaViLl
I’d think this would fit perfectly as a one season 10-12 episode special. The finale being the creation of the iron throne
They’re really stuck on riding the goofy prophecy thread line through every greenlit show. A prophecy that we already know the payoff to and is an alltime anticlimax.
Katheryn Winnick (Lagertha from Vikings) as Visenya or GTFOH!!
I stg they better not cast Henry cavill as aegon
I need people on Twitter to stop fancasting Cavill as Aegon FFS
So will they ever do a story series of Dunc and agge ?
That would make for a dull show tbh.  Interesting concepts for ASOIAF nerds though, as we would get insights on how things happened, how Aegon I was obssesed with prophecy perhaps.  According to some sources beforehand, there was this idea going around about conquest prequels, that would basically make him into incompetent drunk... i'd like to see that version of history otherwise he doesn't seem interesting that much.  It was actually one of the five original prequels eyed by HBO as confirmed by Hibberd [https://www.reddit.com/r/HouseOfTheDragon/comments/w31bk4/aegons\_conquest\_was\_an\_actively\_developed\_fifth/](https://www.reddit.com/r/HouseOfTheDragon/comments/w31bk4/aegons_conquest_was_an_actively_developed_fifth/)  The other thing worth knowing would be what was in the letter he got after Rhaenys death, that stopped him from invading Dorne.  Personally, i think there's more story in Doom of Valyria.
Honestly no idea how it took so long.
This is honestly surprising. There are so many more interesting stories that they could've done but they went with this, but it's not like I won't watch it
wouldnt it be kinda boring though? i mean all you get are targaryens winning every single battle
I don't want this universe to become Star Wars or Marvel.  They have both been ruined by over-saturation.
Bruh nobody cares about that. It’s the most straightforward story and we already have a show with lots of dragons. Give us Robert’s Rebellion!! That’s what the people wanna see!
They’re gonna Star Wars the hell out of this series
I just don't think the Conquest would be that interesting on screen. It's a pretty dry story, besides the death of Rhaenys.
Pls no. There's so many better stories out there
House Targaryen is the only interesting family confirmed by HBO
The rise of the Targaryen’s is what I want . The beginning of the dynasty with its blood magic and the dragons. Yes Yes Yes.!!!!!!!!!
I don't think I'd be for this- Aegon's Conquest makes a great foundational myth but it's hard to see the flow of the story beats.  Just as things look almost even for our hero... He wins another battle... And then the entire cast changes again to challenge him before he wins... Another battle? Now we gear up for the finale- Where he battles the king in the north and... No wait it's over, there is no battle.  I could only see it really working if the 'series' is three episodes that lead up to the field of fire, then time skip to the dornish stuff or something.
I hope its a short miniseries especially if theres going to be a movie attached to it
I think they could do this as a movie and then go into Maegors rule as a series
Can’t wait to hear how they “ruined” Aegon and “whitewashed” Visenya lol.  Maybe a new sub for the Targaryens and one for Westeros where people can root for their teams.  IT’S GOING TO BE EPIC!
Pleaseeeee!!!! I don’t even care about the Targaryen’s anymore!!!! I just want to see Balerion on the screen!!!!!!!
Mark my words they're going to villanize Aegon, turn his relationship with sisters into Euphoria-like lame ass love triangle, Rhaenys will be a cheating dumb whore, Visenya will be portrayed as a jealous hag witch and all of them gonna be shamed for being COLONIZERS
so if house of dragon will last 4 seasons and every season airs after 2 years does that mean earliest we will see this is like 2029
If they stay on the script with George, but if they start to dillydally in some of the changing that house the dragon has done, like end up making a Aegon weak and the sisters victims. That’s a NO.
Starring Henry Cavill as Aegon, Visenya and Rhaenys
AEGON / ORYS please and thank you
Yessssssss
So an entire series of one guy kicking ass and fucking his sisters?
I pray to the old gods and the new they don't go with the idea of Aegon being useless and just taking credit for Visenya and Rhaenys work
I am not sure about this becoming a tv series, i think there is not that intriguing of a story for a tv series, i mean it is just basically a guy and his sister-wives came with dragons, burn and conquered everything without that much resistance, but it would've suited as a 2.5-3 hours movie, and that movie can lead to a tv series about Aenys and Maegor's reign, i think their reign is the more interesting story, also we all know Robert's rebellion, Dunk and Egg, Aegon IV's reign and that leading the Blackfyre rebellions are the shows needed to be made, they have compelling and interesting stories for tv series
This is so boring. If you’re gonna focus on the Targaryens there are way more interesting. The reason why the Dance works is that they are fighting each other, I don’t wanna watch them terrorize other people. Please HBO get us something remotely interesting out of Asoiaf since bc of you that man is never gonna finish the main series. Thank you.
Why? It’s not that interesting.
I mean... it's not that interesting. They just conquered stuff.
What is interesting about Aegon's conquest (event, character) besides Aegon, Visenya and Rhaenys?
It's now or never Henry Cavill.
Aegon's conquest would be a totally one sided movie/series though. He kicks everyone's ass and makes them kneel. That's it.
honestly don’t feel like there is enough characterization or interesting conflict to warrant a full show
I’m already fuckin sick of Targs
Tbh I want something that's not about the Targaryens
Jaenara Belaery's exploration of the endless southern continent on Terrax, please.   Human conflict is overdone, I'd like to see what/who the white walkers would have ended up losing to if Bran "the best story" Stark wasn't given console commands after the writers ran out of material.
This is my 9/11
Everyone acting like it’s gonna be 10 episodes of burning battlefields. Expect a tonne of added subplots and minor characters  Not defending this show. We don’t need any more spin-offs outside of the one we currently have. But I don’t think anyone could’ve predicted what HOTD was going to be when it was first announced. Varys’ death was the inciting incident of what we would’ve considered the beginning of the story, yet they milked 8 episodes out of him slowly melting, and it somehow worked. You just never know.
I want one that just follows Barristan Selmy's career. From young knight to rouge knight. He's gonna carve a lot of cake.
Do maegor the cruel you cowards! He did nothing wrong
How about we finish winds of winter and then focus on stuff already written. I try to cope :(
This is good news of all the stories in this world Roberts Rebellion and Aegons Conquest are my favourites,i hope they cast Henry Cavil for Aegon the Conqueror
DO IT!!!!!!!!
Laaaaaame
Daemyra stans/ targaryen loyalist on twitter tried to say this show is a failure because of their ship being ruined yet their developing more shows lol
First image from the series: [Your Grace, a bolt has hit the second dragon](https://i.imgur.com/1jF9eFn.jpg)
Dunk & Egg and/or the Blackfyre Rebellions instead, please.
I really want a series about the doom of valyria
"Approximately" doing better I see.
Anyone else potentially think this would work best as seasons 5-7 or 8 of HOTD with Condal still as showrunner? I remember there being talk of HOTD tackling a different Targaryen era after the Dance is finished with season 4. It would be interesting, as others have said, to have the conquest focused on the affected great houses while utilising the Targaryens as perceived villains, all the while still justified in keeping the HOTD title. I cant imagine HBO or Martin would want to let go of Condal after 4 years but maybe they don't want to risk another D&D from happening
No HBO it's faith militant uprising you should do
I’d be excited to see the black dread himself!
The stories always revolve around the Iron Throne. Why wouldn't they make a series about how it was built
I don’t know how you do this without making the Westerosi characters the protagonists.  Follow like three characters:    Argilac Durrandon in his bitter, costly war against Black Harren (our season 1 villain), Meria Martell as she hates Argilac but is very wary about the sleeping dragons (who no one sees as a threat) and Mannfred Hightower, a shrewd player who is chafing under Gardner rule and thinks he sees a way to unite Westeros and rule from the shadows in Oldtown.    The Targs can be offscreen in season one.  Maybe introduce Orys, moving between the parties- something of a novelty, this bastard of a family of old Valyria.  But the conflict should be how Argillac, our protagonist, is losing to Harren and facing raids from the Dornish.  So he offers Aegon the border zone.  And then we have the marriage offer.  And end season one with Argilac sending the envoy’s hands back to Aegon, and let us see the dragons and Aegon I for the first time in the last shot of the season - as he demands fealty from every lord in Westeros.     No battles?   Shoot - battle all you want.  The Dornish, the Ironborn, skirmishes between the Reach and the West, whatever you want.  But save the dragons, because we’ll be coming off of HotD, and need something different.    Season 2 can be the conquest.   Season 3 can be consolidating power and failure in Dorne.
Finally, why they would put a Colorys Valaryeon series before this makes 0 sense.
Yaay
Should have been Season 1 under the anthology title House of the Dragon.
What ever happened to releasing sequels?
If there is one thing that will guarantee people will watch this show/movie/whatever it is above anything else, it's the prospect of seeing Balerion.  Is there anything more asked for by the fans then seeing this Dragon that we only hear about appearing on screen? I'm just excited at the prospect of seeing him, I think I would die if I actually see him.
I would watch this over a Jon Snow sequel. They could just keep continuing with the Targaryens up until the Great Council ruling. Maegor and Jaehaerys both had interesting reigns. The events leading up to Robert’s rebellion and Aerys’ reign also has some potential.
LETS FUCKING GO
OMG OMG YES!!! I’ve been wanting to see this come to life since I first read it
OMG PLEASE LET THEM DO THIS.
I just want to see Maegor's reign.
Yes please yes yes us
Are they making SNOW too?
I wonder if this Aegon guy is gonna conquer something
YES!!!!!
I’d watch it
Make it a movie
I think it would work best as a mini-series  ps: a post about this wouldn't be complete without saying "Henry Cavill for Aegon" :)
Does anyone have the balls to tell GRRM   “No more distractions until you finish the Winds of Winter and a Dream of Spring. Get going. “ ?
More targaryens woo
They've been eyeing it for years.
No more Targaryen content until they find the budget to give them purple eyes
I want to see Grandma Vhagar in her glory days with Visenya (without the eyepatch)
I want to see Grandma Vhagar in her glory days with Visenya
Terrible idea. It's such a boring story
Yes!
Dunk and Egg and the Blackfyre Rebellions!
House of the Dragon was pretty much free of nudity and sex  Aegon's Conquest will take that a step further and eliminate the violence.
Balerion The Black Dread shall finally grace our screen
Anyone saying this won’t be successful or wouldn’t be interesting is out of their mind. Sure there probably isn’t enough for multiple seasons, but a 10 episode miniseries would slap. Not every show set in Westeros needs to be a political drama. There’s plenty room for big-budget spectacle and Aegon’s conquest would deliver that in spades. Plus it’s not like there wouldn’t still be plenty of interesting characters, and most people’s knowledge about the conquest ends at “There was a conquest.”  So yeah, while I think Robert’s Rebellion would make for a more interesting multi-season show with Westerosi politics and familiar characters, Aegon’s conquest would still be incredible to see.
Heres the problem   The Conquest is not an interesting part of the setting. Aegon shows up, aegon kills people, they bend the knee, repeat 6 times with slight variations.   It’s important for the setting, but the actual events are not actually interesting.   Theres so many other parts that would be more interesting. Any of the Blackfyre Rebellions, Roberts Rebellion, Century of Blood, Andal Invasion, etc.
I want some lesbian representation in this one. 😂
Ugh can we not?
I just hope that they don't go for the drunk version of Aegon that someone pitched HBO last year!....
They have so much material to work with. And they want to do this to shoe horn their prophecy crap in some more? It’s so lame. Make it a movie if you just, but there’s no story there. So you know they’ll make up a bunch of shit which will trigger me cause I care about the material
I hope the budget is astronomical. If we don’t get a hundred scenes of Balerion, Meraxes and Vhagar that’s a missed opportunity
This would be kind of boring since the conquest was so one sided, but I'd love seeing the Green Hand banners and Harrenhall before it was destroyed.
Bro of all the content possible… just make a dunk and egg prequel and the emmies Will all be yours
It will have 4 seasons of 4, 3, 2 and 1 episodes respectively
I'd much rather have a story about Maegor and Jaehaerys' ascension. The conquest has little drama
Omg and evil maegor that story will be so good to watch.  I was glued to my book, I don’t sleep at night really and would wake up at 2-3 am and just read it. One of the best stories I’ve ever read.
The show literally everyone wants!
They should do it.
Can't wait for the nuanced Targ Nation takes when people start to feel sympathy for King Mern of House Gardner. It's surely not because he's defending his homeland against imperialist lizard invaders and surely it's because he's being played by Michael Fassbender.
We could've done the Blackfyre Rebellions, Robert's Rebellion, Age of Heroes, a story about Yi Ti if we're looking for a more fantasy heavy mystical vibes. But no, we gotta go with Hapsburg John Wick. Honestly, I would be more excited for a Jon Snow sequel than a Aegon the Conqueror show. Babe wake up new Targ Stan outrage just dropped when Maegor and Visenya are shown as the monsters they were, and Dorne comes off in a good light.
PLEASE. I don’t care if it’s a money grab, this was the ASOIAF prequel I wanted!
I’m down even though I already know exactly what’s going to happen
I wanna see the failed conquest of Dorne so bad. Give me Meria and Deria Martell, give me the Hellholt plz.
Is this milking it though? Aegon’s Conquest is objectively the most important event in the history of Westeros and fans have been asking for a movie or mini-series about it for years.
Seriously. HotD helped to heal so many of the wounds inflicted by D&D, and has reinvigorated my interest in the asoiaf universe
JUST GIVE US DUNK AND EGG
but theres no story here. cmon you know theres not   "aegon shows up and wins everything. he flexes his muscles and his sister wives kiss his biceps. and then everyone kneels before him."
You know we’re getting that.  HBO can’t help themselves
Rhaenys would probably be down for it, but I doubt Aegon and Visenya would.
I honestly don't think Visenya would be down
My wish is a flashback to Valyria when Balerion fly away and maybe cut towards a scene with the destruction. I so wanna see Valyria in it’s prime depicted on screen.
100%. I’m here for more Targaryens too but mostly Balerion.
Yeah I'd pay good money to see Balerion burn Harenhall.
I’m not for a live action Conquest show, but will watch exclusively to see Balerion push everyone’s shit in. They better do him right.
Balerion's been on screen...I mean, not alive, but...
How big was he back then? I mean he was huge 200 years later when he died but I don't recall reading about him being super big during the conquest.
It better be
"Sources also say that there may be a feature component to the project, i.e. HBO and Warner Bros. would produce a feature film that would then lead into the potential series, though plans remain in flux at present."
It does say at the moment that   > Sources also say that there may be a feature component to the project, i.e. HBO and Warner Bros. would produce a feature film that would then lead into the potential series, though plans remain in flux at present.  So maybe a film of the initial Conquest and then a sequel series showing Aegon’s actual reign? Maybe the other attempts to conquer Dorne? I’m guessing this could also include new story elements not included in _Fire and Blood_, like Aegon’s A Song of Ice and Fire and his motivations for the invasion and desire to unite the continent.
I think it would work as a miniseries, like how Spartacus did Gods of the Arena
Aegon's conquest would be a cool miniseries.  Aegon to Jaehaerys' reign would make a phenomenal series. Season 1 could be Aegon consolidating his kingdom and his battles with the Faith and the Dornish. Season 2 could start with Aegon's death and then carry through the absolute shit show that was Aenys' reign with Maegor taking the crown at the end of the season. Season 3 could be Maegor's cruelty, ending with the young Jaehaerys ascending the throne in his minority (and all the struggles he had with Lord Rogar). Then we could have like 3 more seasons of Jaehaerys and Alysanne being the greatest power couple in all of high fantasy.
Id say more like a miniseries. There is more story than can fit in a 2-3 hour movie, but not near enough story for a multi-season show. A 6-8 episode miniseries run tho....
If we were to disregard the fact that GRRM has yet to finish the series, what I'm most interested in is a series about Old Valyria leading up to its mysterious doom.  The Targaryen's would be one of its noble families controlling dragons, and I believe it's been said somewhere that there were nobler or more powerful families in Valyria compared to the Targaryen's - so it could potentially be the same political conflict between those families, in the same way as we've seen it in GoT and HOTD, but with even more fantasy elements (valyrian steel, maybe blood magic and whatever that existed).  And then towards the end we get Targaryen's prophecy, Aegon's conquest, the actual Doom, the prophecy about Ice and Fire and whatever else there could be.  I think that storyline would have a lot of potential.
Would it not be best as a limited series of like 8-10 eps. Is there really not that much fir it to be long enough
Nahhhhh fuck no. I want as much maegor and visenya screentime as possible. They can stretch it all the way until the grand council at harrenhal
Movie trilogy, perhaps?
We need fire and blood volume 2 for that
Oh that would definitely be fascinating.
It doesn’t need to be one or the other. As long as people keep watching the shows, there’s plenty of material they can adapt. I’d also like to see Robert’s Rebellion.
Me too!
There's so much material there that it kinda has to be a tv show or (the best choice) a trilogy
They so have a script ready for that and they’re gonna greenlight it the second George dies. I’m pretty sure he’s the only thing keeping them from doing it because he wants to tell it all himself first. As in he’s specifically ordered that *not* to be a show or movie.
I don’t see this being great. We know, quite literally, the entire story. Just not much interesting stuff to do with a prequel
As long as they show Bessie I’m in! 😂
I concur. No reason to overthink it, either. The prequel wars could just all be in a series of features called Clash of Kings. Name it after a book just like the first time.     "Clash of Kings: Rebellion" (bobby B)   "Clash of Kings: Blackfyre" (blackfyre)   "Clash of Kings: Conquest" (Aegon)
Nope, people want dragons and Targaryens
I said from the first season of GOT that the story would have been better served begun from the rebellion. Even back when the show first began and I was head over heels for it, the conversation between Robert and Eddard on the Kingsroad made me want to see their story.
I would watch that and actually pay HBO for it. I would pay them probably any amount of money for Robert’s Rebellion. I need Bessie AND her tits
Yes!
THIS
LETS FUCKING GO
After the books. Think George wants to keep some secrets from that event for himself with that one.
The Targs are the bad guys during RR, which is a big no-no for some reason
These are the actual ideas that narratively would make excellent TV adaptations but also work with the real reasons why we love Westeros in the first place. Political intrigue, actual conflict (rather than Aegon's Conquest where the whole point is they have massive dragons while nobody else does so they just win with very little pushback), and a roster of fascinating characters. I love dragons but with improvements in SFX there is and will be a lot of media that has dragons, they are far from the sole reason why I love this world (remember how great season 1 of GoT was with only five seconds of dragon content?). That or people just want more incest, in which case Blackfyre should still totally scratch that itch
Agreed. That's why the best period should be Aenys and Maegor reigns. It has a decent plot for a series with a lot of conquest related things like Visenya, Balerion and Orys  The conquest is mostly boring until the dornish War and even that isn't much interesting
> How on earth are they going to make the plot interesting?   They could focus on the relationships between Aegon and his sister-wives, as well as his inability to conquer Dorne. You could do something with Aegon’s loving relationship with Rhaenys vs his dutiful relationship with Visenya, or the relationship between the two sisters themselves. The death of Rhaenys and Aegon’s failure to conquer Dorne could serve as an interesting dramatic foil to his primary success as the unifying King of Westeros.   They could also do the show from the perspective of each of the kings that ruled over the lands of Westeros before it was unified. Maybe each episode focuses mostly on a different kingdom but also doesn’t forget to include the others, and than it can all come together in the final episodes on how they each try to defend their lands from Aegon & his sister-wives.
It could work if the show focuses on the Westeros houses as the protagonists with Aegon as an invading villain.
I would honestly prefer the conquest to be from the perspective of those being conquered. Aegon I is purposefully written to be enigmatic because the guy had access to a lot of information about Valyrian, magic, and dragons that would ruin a lot of the mystery of the setting. Having Targs who still fully understand the mechanics of the more fantastical elements could be disastrous if given as exposition to the audience.  Basically frame the story around the great houses reacting and coping with unimaginable scenario that the last great house of Valyrian dragon riders is subjugating your continent. Stuff like the Field of Fire or Harrenhall would be more engaging by viewing it from the poeple getting turned to ash rather than the Valyrian demi-god on Balerion.   It's why George does not give us the full text of Septon Barth's paper on dragon biology or his theories on magic, because it would ruin the mystery to have someone explain how the magic works.
Do it from the perspective of the rest of Westeros and show their shortcomings that lead to their eventual downfall? That’s probably the best way to make it interesting. They could also make it so that Aegons conquest of Westeros isn’t as seamless as the books made it out to be, considering how much of that is based on rumors
I think some sort of plot about a man convinced he’s saving the place, while simultaneously burning and killing its folk would be somewhat interesting if done right
They’re not. They’re gonna change a bunch and add a lot of stuff in to make it interesting. Just like how they tied hotd to got with the prophecy nonsense
I don’t think there’s really any material on something like Old Valyria though and I don’t think George wants to delve into it. That would really need a lot of George’s input. The writers room also most likely wouldn’t do well with scant backstory (they already made some questionable choices with HOTD/F&B for example)
Honestly the Age of Heroes stuff I don't think was that promising.  Whenever a fantasy prequel goes back so far that none of the established traits of the fantasy series exist it's basically an entirely new fantasy world, just sharing geography.   So the challenge would have been basically writing a brand new fantasy story as good as ASOIAF that *also* needs to set up ASOIAF. Huge task, and I think that's why they shelved it.
The only interesting thing I could think of about a Conquest show set in the Game of Thrones universe that might be interesting is that HOTD accidentally made it canon that the Conquerors and their sons were black while Jaehaerys, Alysanne, and their descendants were white.   The idea that the Targaryen white hair, white skin, and violet eyes are by-products of Velaryon incest, instead of magical traits inherited from some dragon ancestors in Old Valyria or whatever, feels in line with something George would write. Aside from that, I got nothing. I wouldn't put it past HBO to try their hand at the "humanize Maegor" thing, but I highly doubt it would go over well with casual audiences.  (Conext: HOTD made it canon that, in the GoT universe, the Velaryons are black; also canonically, the Velaryon dark skin and silver hair is a "the seed is strong" thing like the Baratheon black hair. In the lore, the mother of the Conquerors was Valaena Velaryon, who was half-Targaryen, half-Velaryon; which means that the Conquerors and their sons were all 1/4th black, same as Baela and Rhaena. Aenys then went on to marry Alyssa Velaryon, who would also canonically be black. Their children were Jaehaerys and Alysanne, the common ancestors of all of the other Targaryens, who are mostly white).
You are completely right.  Aegon's Conquest is a pure money grab.  The story is not interesting or surprising at all.  Thematically it's a boring project except to make money by getting the audience to tune in for more dragons.
I would watch 10 seasons just of jaehaerys’ kids making his life hell
But big dragon go brrrr!
The thing about the Blackfyre Rebellion is that it is too similar to the Dance to be the next adaptation
I see many of us knew where other people's minds went. Especially after the 'rumours' of him being eyed for something Westeros themed.
[Lagertha and Bjorn do have a hint of a Visenya and Maegor vibe to them.](https://i.postimg.cc/3N7JkVCL/lagertha-bjorn-dfc4689234cdb6ca514fffe38e6de887.jpg)
the trio's mother was a Velarion, so most likely Visenya won't be white. So no Katheryn Winnick
No they need him to be Bittersteel in the inevitable Blackfyre series!
I can’t even look at him as geralt cause he just looks like superman in a wig.
That's already been in development, you're late buddy
I think that the series should focus on Visenya and revolve around her relationship with Rhaenys. Aegon should not be the focus. I'd like to know why her and Maegor didn't usurp the throne from Aenys after Aegon's death.
Agreed. I think the break between GoT and HoD allowed people to breath and be receptive to HoD. If they just start pumping out spinoffs non-stop it’ll lose its wonder.   I’m still pissed Jon Snow is getting a spin off 🙄 character spin offs always suck because they’re anchored by tacky fan service since that’s the only reason they exist, and it comes with an impenetrable plot armor. Not that main characters frequently die but as a spin off show, we will be subjected to something where Jon Snow can only always prevail. And there’s not even source material.
I mean if this is in reference to hotd community then I agree that Rhaenyra has been whitewashed when compared to other characters in the show. It’s especially prevalent when you compare her to her rival claimant, she looks like an Angel in comparison
👆That’s exactly what I’m talking about 😭
That's the only way it would be interesting tbh
Not really. Why would they need to wait for one to end before starting another? They can air at the same time.
S3 seems likely to have only a 1 year gap, so HOTD probably ends in 2026 or 2027
HARD agree
Him in the wigs and dresses would be quite a sight. A worthy chest for it.
For the general audience, dragons on the big screen? I mean people show up for Jurassic movies.
Nothing. Fans, especially show-only fans, overhype it because they have an extremely over-idealized version of it in their heads. Aegon's Conquest would be a mindless action flick
Never
Not Dorne
HotD did good with Daemyra in the show. Daemyra fans are getting fed every week by official sm accounts. What are you talking about?
Isn’t Aegon’s conquest how it was built? Forged from the swords of his enemies?
A show about the Conquest would do that. Aegon made it from the swords of his defeated enemies.
The thing is- Even if the Westerosi side become the protagonists I can't see how it'd be satisfying for the actual Conquest part of the show. It'd just be a series of characters getting ready to get their asses kicked  Until Dorne, where we watch the opposite happen.   I do like your pitch for seeing pre-conquest Westeros though, there is actually some power play and story there.
Nah the Corlys series getting approved first makes a lot of sense.   Writers have been rewriting the odyssey for 2000 years. It's easy to imagine plots surrounding going to several fantastical locations, particularly if someone has already written those locations for you.  It's much harder to add pathos and drama to a story that is kinda just an unbroken series of one sided military engagements. Not impossible ofc but just cause something makes great lore doesn't mean it'll make good story.
The problem isn't really about a potential switch from political drama.   It's more that the Conquest is effectively an unbroken series of very fast victories against different opponents where the whole theme is how Aegon's dragons make him unstoppable.   So you'd lack the time needed to develop the Westerosi cast, while also having very low stakes.   Not that it makes it impossible. People seem to like Isekai Anime and that tends to be an unbroken series of victories- But I don't think that story style will payoff very well with general audiences.
That's in fact the only reason why I'm down for it. We have seen what happened when they entered unwritten terrain before.
I’ve never understood why people say they wouldn’t want “X show” because they already know what’s going to happen. Like isn’t that the case with any adaptation? Imagine if Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings never got movies because “people already know what’s going to happen.”   I don’t care if I know everything about Aegon’s conquest, I still wanna see Balerion the Dread melt Harrenhall. I wanna see Orrys Baratheon dual King Durrandon in the Last Storm. I wanna see the kings and lords of Westeros receiving the ravens announcing Aegon’s coming. I wanna see the King Who Knelt. Aegon’s conquest is massive in scale and involves almost every major house of Westeros. It may not be a political drama like GoT or HotD, but it would be a thrillride of big-budget spectacle and I’m all for it.
Exactly aegon is mentioned all the time in got and hotd. It doesnt make sense they wont do something about him especially if they want to go down the marvel universe route. Valyrian culture and the targaryens are what makes ppl watch. Without it there’s no magic.
I feel like people will get Targaryen fatigue if they keep coming out with Targaryen centered shows like this. I’m all for it but I also wish they’d show stories about other parts of the world or other great houses.
Unless the threesome is Rhaenys x Aegon x Orys. Aegon would totally accept that
No, I demand some Rhaenys/Visenya! I have a mighty need.
Would be nice with a prologue of Daenys the Dreamer.
We very probably gonna have some flashback to Valyria.
Me too I got chills reading when the daughter returns after fleeing and not being seen for years amd they said it wasn’t where she took balerian it was where he took her. He went where he knew. Uhhhh I may have to go re-read my book. I also love good queen alysanne and jaherys their love story, even though incest is written so beautiful
Would be cool to see. I hope they show when Aegon flew to Lys (before the conquest), where he sided with Pentos and Tyrosh. Need to see him atop Balerion burning the Volantene fleet.
Omg YES!! Seeing Valyria and the Doom is top of my wish list.
Balerion’s feats are unmatched. Nothing would ever compare to seeing him literally melt Harrenhal or lay waste to armies in The Field of Fire.
I expect he will probably be around the size of Vermithor in the current series (maybe a bit larger). I just hope they make him look very menacing, and that his dragon flame is black like in Fire and Blood.
I think it makes so much more business sense to start a series with a movie rather than ending one with one. The excitement to carry a box office will be there in the beginning, while often a series wrapping up with a movie had a show that ended for a reason and only seems to get the hardcore fans to the theater.
A theatrical release of Aegon’s conquest could be a billion dollar R rated movie.
Doom of Valyria would probably be best imo. Sets up the dragons and gives the creators pretty much free reign to play with it
Maybe Conquest movie into a show set in Aegon’s late reign and then into Maegor/Aenys
I'm actually thinking the movie might be about the Century of Blood and Aegon's involvement in the tail end of it. Sets up Aegon and gives us background of Valyria's fall leading up to both the Conquest series and a hypothetical future Valyria series.  You also have a ton of Dothraki action which adds familiarity.  Given how committed HBO initially was to Borenstein's Valyria show pitch, with it getting a full series bible and everything, I do think it might still be on the back-burner. It has potential to be one of the most genuinely successful shows in this GOT tv franchise, tbh much more so than the Jon spinoff, the Conquest and D&E. Maybe even more so than HOTD.
Doooooooom
GOT is a bigger IP/franchise than Spartacus. I'm sure their 1st choice at WB/HBO is to make a movie/trilogy out of it.
That should have been what House of the Dragon was. Start with Aegon’s conquest and end with Rhaenrya vs Aegon
Oh yeah there's definitely miniseries potential to keep it as a very tight spectacle story. No major twists or surprises given the internal history of Westeros. But throw in the bits of politics and Dragons and we've got enough for a small handful of episodes with a clear cut ending.
Part of the allure of the Doom is that it is mysterious.  I think explaining the whole thing kind of makes it lose the unique element it has about it
Happy cale day!
I think it should be a movie promoted to the people who've never seen Thrones. And Robert's rebellion can't REALLY be divided into 3 parts, it's one contained story.
George will not let a RR adaptation be made in his lifetime. There are mysteries from that event that affect the main story.  Until he reveals them in WoW, it’s off the cards.
Interesting. Did not know that
Source?
House of the dragon was a huge success for hbo, they are relieved that people have mostly forgiven got ending. Its a story we all know the ending and book readers know the details, doesnt mean it cant be interesting in tv
I think the Doom of Valyria is still a complete mystery, so I think a series where we experience the powerful noble families of Old Valyria along with the Targaryens would have great potential. Aegon's Conquest could be combined with that as well as it happens so they could avoid the Doom due to their prophecy iirc.
We know quite literally the entire story of House of Dragon, yet people still watch it
It will be the most important casting 😅
the people want Bobby B
We want Rhaegar getting merked on screen.
>That's why the best period should be Aenys and Maegor reigns.  Yes. Similar to how they started HotD at the end of Jaehaerys' reign. I don't think it's possible to do the conquest itself without removing some of the mysticism and larger-than-life qualities of some of the characters involved.
Aegon is basically Superman so maybe focusing on side characters would make it interesting. Especially if houses like the gardeners, Lannisters, Durrandons, or Hoares are super compelling, watching them get wrecked by Aegon would feel meaningful and conflicting.
Even then people will be hyping themselves up for a fight between Rogar and Maegor or Jawherys and Mawgor only for Maegor to just die.
Aegon is the perfect villain. A powerhungry man riding an absolute kaiju of a dragon and burning everyone who opposes him?   Imagine showing Harrenhall or Field of Fire from a normal persons POV as they run for their life while Balerion is doing his thing in the background.
I think the twist would be then to do Tohrren Stark preparing the suicidal battle with Aegon only for him to parlay and tell the Starks about his prophecy beyond the Wall which leads the North dramatically bending the knee. We are never given the reason why the Starks suddenly just gave up and submitted to Targ rule when they came ready for battle and that could be a good explanation beyond "Starks always lawful good"
I concur with this; it would be cool to see the Conquest from the perspective of those being conquered rather than from Aegon's POV; he's basically got 3 Macguffins that can easily win (almost) any war. Whereas the seven kings have their traditional armies and forces and the like. Showing them plus the power politics of the kingdoms as they panic and struggle to come to terms with the invasion would be great.
This could be interesting. I've always wanted a movie or show where the antagonist "bad guy" wins.
Same I just want some content at this point
Hmm good point
I think the blackfyres work, because it deal with the ramifications of the dance.  you could cover daeron the first wanting to conquer dorne then how that effects daena and aegon 4th
No, he needs to play Daemon Blackfyre, Tom Hardy can play Bittersteel
Better late than never, thanks for the update Broski. 👍
[removed]
Yeah. That other Spin-off was also in production alongside the final seasons of Got before getting cancelled
I think they have said they don't want to have 2 shows on at the same time
But in the Jurassic movies- Which all score incredibly low after the first two... The dinosaurs are the bad guys?  A show about the Conquest would either have to be framed primarily from the Targaryen point of view- Or from the point of view of the invaded kingdoms which'd mean an ever revolving cast of people who gear up to get steamrolled.
Except Dorne. You can't do a whole movie or show about his failed conquest of one region while he steamrolls over everyone else.
Well u haven't seen the deranged ones who just watch the show for the ship and targaryen loyalist are mad because they made changes from fire and blood literally a matt smith stan made a fake rumor the show in trouble even though they hated his casting before series came out
At least each character gets its ass kicked in a slightly different way….  But you’re right.    If the Hightower-Maester plot is played up as a master stroke- Oldtown trying to get Gardener supplanted by a weak house to allow the might of Hightower to use its money and Citadel /Starry sept influence to become the de facto power on the continent, only to get totally blindsided when they can’t control the Targs and watch the power of the Faith disappear.    I just don’t think the story is interesting at all if each new westerosi lord is played like a mini boss to get to the next “unity level”.  If they’re going to do it at all, the Targs have to be a piece that the players think they can move around the board, and fail at it.  Except for the frog lady of Dorne, who could be a real favorite if they flesh her out a bit.
We want Dragons, we love dragons
Chaos. A gaping pit ready to swallow us all
i dont think so, i think targaryen are like jedi/darth vader. If they are in it people love it no matter what
Then the answer is a foursome 😮‍💨
This is what I most want to see, the burning of Harrenhal and the Field of Fire.
I can’t wait to see the size comparison in-show of vermithor compared to the other dragons
This is HBO, it would likely just be an original production with no BO release. HBO has made plenty of incredible “TV” movies.
IIRC, they were working on an Old Valyria series along with the others but it was cancelled early into the development and the rumour is because it was terrible. As there’s hardly anything in-depth about Valyria and it’s culture in the books there was very little the writers could use and HBO canned it to focus on the Long Night and then HoTD prequels when they realised it wasn’t going to work.
Reading through *Fire and Blood*, what comes after the Dance of the Dragons is also super fascinating. The Targaryens are just a really interesting family, there's just always so much drama. They make the Lannisters look normal.
Yeah House of the Dragon should be The Crown with dragons.
I thought the same,e thing. After reading the book I said to myself,they started half way through…I thought HOD would be about the whole novel.
It was kind of the same with the White Walkers, it all depends on the writing in the end.  The mysteriousness of it should engage the viewers even more during the series as it over the course of the series eventually reach the Doom and reveal the mystery.  I'm saying it has a lot of potential, if done right it could be extremely good. And it also has the opportunity to introduce a higher fantasy to the world unlike GOT since a lot of the magic had disappeared, but there seemed to be a whole lot of different magics in Valyria iirc.
Yum yum yum, nutritious kale
I agree that it is a contained story, but there's also so much material there that I can't see a movie working
Eh, GoT already spoiled the major secret that Jon is Aegon. They could probably make a series that follows an outline given by GRRM that still tells a complete story without giving up any more secrets. But I agree that it would be better for GRRM to write it first and then have them adapt it.
bet
I haven't forgiven the agot ending.... If D&D come anywhere near anything asoiaf again, I won't be watching.   That said, HooD really did help to alleviate the bitterness felt about the AGoT ending. It made me interested in the ASoIaF universe again in a big way.
The TV viewers know all the details. And I think the fact we know basically everything does limit its potential to be interesting - see also Underworld: Rise of the Lycans. When you know every aspect of a backstory, it just feels like a rehash to air it
The thing is I want them to stay mysterious, I think that adds some flavour to the world and I prefer it when characters constantly feel as though they are in a decline period and harken back to glorious days that were probably never that great in reality but mfs wanna see Balerion.
Well, it’s a bit different with adapting a book, where you have the liberty to make significant changes - which the showrunners have done - and doing the extremely fleshed out and already fairly detailed backstory where there’s no room to make significant changes because the show has it set in stone.
I concur. I want to see Bessie and her tits and Rhaegar getting his rubies blasted off his caved in chest. I want to see Robert “built like a maiden’s fantasy” and Ned running shit
Yeah, would be a cool opportunity to explore more of the culture of other regions as well
Yeah that wasn’t the point of what OP was saying or what I’m saying though. OP is saying what they want and I’m saying why it may not work writing-wise. Sure HBO can do whatever they want but doesn’t mean the writing will be good. Also Jon Snow series isn’t even confirmed yet (and honestly they might use whatever story outlines George has for the rest of the books that D&D didn’t do/rushed)
No I'm just pointing out a massive plot hole I noticed in regards to the Velaryon race-bending in HOTD.  The maternal grandfather of Visenya, Aegon, and Rhaenys was a Velaryon. Everyone with Velaryon blood has dark skin and silver hair. Baela and Rhaena were 1/4 Velaryon and 3/4 Targaryen (just like the Conquerors) and they look just like their maternal grandfather Coryls. By HOTD universe logic of genetics, the Conquerors and their sons would have to be dark skinned and dark silver-haired.  Aenys (1/4th Velaryon since both of his parents were) married Alyssa Velaryon (a presumptively pure Velaryon). They had Jaehaerys and Alysanne (who, by the HOTD universe logic of genetics, should be half Velaryon) who don't have dark skin or dark silver hair.   There are enough repeat Velaryon genes to make the argument that Jaehaerys and Alysanne are legitimate kids that developed albinism as a result of all of the Old Valyrian houses resorting to incest with each other for 200 years, but I highly doubt that it's that complicated. I think some of the HOTD writers just weren't well-versed in the lore they were adapting before they adapted it, on top of not knowing where the franchise was going, so they didn't think about certain things before doing it. I highly doubt they'll even acknowledge the Velaryon thing.
Damn, never thought about that, but Hardy would be great. My headcasting for Daemon was Alexander Skårsgard but Cavill works as well
I never said it is the universal truth lmfao. I love how this is the first thing said whenever someone criticizes the characters portrayal in the show. Everyone and their mothers know fire and blood isn’t completely accurate, that’s not the point.   Let’s use your Aegon example, since you want to talk about it.Making Aegon a rapist while at every turn making Rhaenyra better morally than she was in the book is not good for a show that is trying to seem “morally Grey.”   They took out the pedophilia stuff for Daemon, yet the first scene we see adult Aegon it is post rape. He also apparently has a child fighting ring. But you don’t mention the book not being accurate when it comes to this, do you?  How can a show that is trying to be “morally Grey” make Rhaenyra’s rival clamaint a stereotypical evil bad guy whilst at every turn make Rhaenyra look better (not feeding Vaemond to the dragon/ordering his death, making her contemplate on giving up the throne, letting Laenor elope,etc)   Rhaenyra looks like a Mary Sue compared to Aegon.  But you can simplify my criticism by saying “Hurr duuur uR just mad Aegon rapist”
Sure, but if season 7 and 8 tell us anything- A dragon being on screen does not save you from having to actually figure out the drama and arcs of the show.
Chaosh isn't a pit. Chaosh is a LADDAH.
Same. Besides Vhagar the only other dragon that might be as large as Vermithor is the Cannibal. Not sure on the Cannibal though since we know little about him besides that he is the largest of the wild dragons. The Bronze Fury is easily my favorite dragon of the Dance era.
Entourage was pretty good, definitely satisfied as a fan unlike the last two seasons.
I was so sad reading about the dragons 🥺
Hard disagree, outside of the Blackfyre Rebellions the Regency era is extremely boring. What comes before the Dance has Dragons and bigger stakes.
sometimes a mystery is better then the answer
Agreed. It has expansion of existing material written all over it.
Alexander Skarsgard would have been a better Daemon Targeryean than Matt Smith
True that
 Thank you for your post! Please take a moment to ensure you are within our spoiler rules, to protect your fellow fans from any potential spoilers that might harm their show watching experience.  1. All post titles must NOT include spoilers from Fire & Blood or new episodes of House of the Dragon. Minor HotD show spoilers are allowed in your title ONE WEEK after episode airing. The mod team reserves the right to remove a post if we feel a spoiler in the title is major. You are welcome to repost with an amended title.  2. All posts dealing with book spoilers, show spoilers and promo spoilers MUST be spoiler tagged AND flaired as the appropriate spoiler.  3. All book spoiler comments must be spoiler tagged in non book spoiler threads.  ---  If you are reading this, and believe this post or any comments in this thread break the above rules, please use the report function to notify the mod team.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/HouseOfTheDragon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He planted some seeds by complicating his own succession with unecessary changes based on his own sexism (ignoring Rhaenys in favor of Baelon)  But Jaehaerys still managed to solve his problems peacefully and everyone eventually accepted his decision. He also found ways to create a consensus on who would become his definitive heir with the Great Council. He created problems, but he also created solutions  The blame for the Dance is still on Viserys. He created several problems with his succession and instead of finding solutions he only complicated things even more.
Depends on what you mean by “blame”. Did he break the line of succession twice by naming an heir, thus heavily muddying not only the legitimacy of the line, and the line moving forward, but also reaffirming the precedent Maegor set by naming an heir twice? Yes. Obviously Otto is to blame for intentionally causing the war, but the confusion caused by Jaehaerys contributed to some degree.
If Viserys didn’t remarry there would be no Dance. Baelon never remarried after Alyssa’s death but clearly Aemma’s memory didn’t mean as much to Viserys 😔  If Viserys remarried and named Aegon his heir there would be no Dance. Not my preferred solution but it would prevent civil war.   If Viserys remarried, kept Rhaenyra as heir and appointed someone actually loyal to her as the Hand there would be no Dance. In fact, if he appointed virtually anyone except Otto, *Aegon’s grandfather*, as Hand there would be no Dance.  Jaehaerys was far from perfect but the Dance was 100% Viserys’ creation. If you name an heir and then give complete control of your court to the heir’s rivals, what do you fucking expect to happen, your grace??  Arguably the only thing Jaehaerys did to contribute to the Dance was making Otto the Hand.
Oh yeah. He could have set up the line of succession himself instead of letting a council of lords “vote”  He didnt have to listen to the faith as much as he did. But he wanted peace.
I feel like the only thing Jaehaerys did wrong in regards to setting the stage for the Dance was bringing Otto Hightower to court. But otherwise the Old King resolved the matter peacefully with the Great Council. Most of the blame rests on Viserys.
Jaehaerys shouldn’t bear any blame for the dance. It was entirely within his right to chose his successor. He’s a king ruling as an absolute monarch. Objectively Baelon is a vastly superior heir than Rhaenys. Baelon a renowned warrior, general, and hand of the king, who’s also incredibly popular. Furthermore, he made abundantly clear that he favoured male primogeniture throughout his reign.   Jaehaerys action of calling a great council after his death set a clear precedent for any future succession crisis. We see that the great council prevents a civil war. I don’t see how anyone can claim that’s he’s evenly remotely responsible?
You can't blame the entirety of the Dance on a single person, you simpletons.
The only reason to blame jaehaerys I can think of is bringing Otto to court. Otherwise it's all on viserys
Jaeherys showed how the king changes rules if he starts to lose. This is bad.
Vis solves the problem if he allows Rhae to take a paramour and forces her to marry Aegon. He solves it again if he forces Jace and Helaena to marry.
>based on his own sexism  Let's be real. Between Rhaenys and Baelon, there's an obvious choice whose going to be the better ruler regardless of sex.
there was no specific reason or precedence for him to favor his granddaughter over his living son though
his heir died so he named another heir, that heir also died so he left it to the council to determine the next heir.
house Targ was Down to three members.  Viserys should have married a less powerful family
I do not understand either. There is no sound case for Jaehaerys being remotely responsible. People just love to reach.
>It was entirely within his right to chose his successor.  So was Viserys', wasn't it?  >He’s a king ruling as an absolute monarch.  Feudal monarchy. He's Henry I, not Louis XIV.  >Objectively Baelon is a vastly superior heir than Rhaenys. Baelon a renowned warrior, general, and hand of the king, who’s also incredibly popular.  This may be true but in the case of the Dance it's not like one is way worse than the other.
And muddy the succession being popular and good fighting’s  doesn’t make someone good king just look at Robert and young people could be good rulers jaehaerys was fourteen when he became king yet he became good king
But you can still mostly blame Viserys
how did he change the rules?
why have Rhaenyra take a paramour if she is marrying Aegon?  Also Jace marrying Heleana does not relinquish Aegon's claim.
Yes, twice he chose to NAME an heir, instead of following the line of succession. First skipping over Prince Aemon’s daughter, the Princess Rhaenys, to name Prince Baelon, then skipping over both Rhaenys and Laenor to name Prince Viserys. Also he did not “leave it to the council”, he used the council to justify his decision, bc he no longer had an excuse to skip Rhaenys, since she had a male heir.
You mean the eldest son of the king who already has two true born sons and the princess who exiled herself out of court due to the illegitimacy of her three eldest sons are on equal footing ?
It's like talking to a brick wall.
He let the lords choose. Although all they have to do is follow the order and come to Rhaenys/Laenor.
Because Vis had a legitimate concern about marrying them in the show timeline.  Namely- when Aegon became old enough to have kids, Rhae would be at the end of her childbearing age.   the books they were closer in age so the marriage was less fraught.    Vis could set it up like the Dornish- Rhaenyra’s natural children with the paramour inherit unless she has a child with Aegon.  And yeah, that creates a potential Aegon IV problem, but it solves the immediate one.
line of succession according to whom and what?
I'm not saying Baelon and Rhaenyra are the same, but if Jaehaerys had the right to change the succession, so did Viseys.
no they did not have to come to that conclusion as neither of his grandchildren were Jaehaery's direct heir due to his outliving his natural heirs.
That is just another civil war waiting to happen
According to the general inheritance laws of Westeros. “All children come before brothers”, and whatnot. Meaning Prince Aemon’s children would be before his brother in succession. And in turn Rhaenys’s would be before her cousin. Jaehaerys however was an extreme proponent of patriarchy, and did not believe women should inherit the throne.
Baelon is not Jaehaerys' brother he is his son, and Rhaenys is not his daughter she is his granddaughter.  Prince Aemon died while Jaehaerys was still king, he didn't inherit the throne, there is no rule or precedence that states who would succeed in such a situation.
Baelon was the brother of Aemon, Prince of Dragonstone. Aemon’s heir was Rhaenys, his daughter. Jaehaerys chose to skip her in line, by naming Baelon. If Baelon was naturally the next in line, he would not need to be named the heir, he would already BE the heir.
Baelon is his son he is closer in proximity of blood to him than Rhaenys is.  Baelon is named heir because there is no precedence for what happens in such a situation, Jaehaerys opted for proximity of blood where a son would come before a grandchild, proximity of blood is also the reason for a daughter coming before a brother.
“Jaehaerys opted for” indeed, I’m glad you’ve decided to agree with me, that Jaehaerys made a choice to name Baelon instead of following the natural line of succession.
again, natural line of succession according to who and what?  Aemon is dead, Jaehaerys is still king, there is no rule stating that Aemon's child is above Jaehaerys' own child in the line of succession.
