The combined faces look like Hiphop himself (maybe rap himself idunno)
ok 👍🏼
he says both
yeah but he says “you should go and get your own” in another line instead of the one that says “gettin mine”
“Ah Shit, Here We Go Again”
Here we go again thanks drake 😔
It was a few days before bro.
Looks amazing!
Two masterpieces combined
Pretty sure this dude be scammin they be doing this on many subs
Where did you buy it ...
Why
You’re right. They have bots downvoting comments that mention that and upvoting comments that provide links to the thing.
Yeah they already bot downvoted many here
www.bigkangaros.live/graduation-x-starry-night
Cause why not
Both of you created your accounts 12 days ago and were only active on one other sub before this. OP posted comments on r/memes and the commenter above only commented on r/politics.  The photo also looks like bad AI. This is the easiest scam to detect.
It would be cool but it sadly wouldn't get much attention, not worth it in my eyes
Great.  Love BE
One of the best rivals of John Wick. "Consider it a professional courtesy."
Its your world part 1 & 2 is one of the most beutiful tracks I ever heard
Incredible artist.
No business shall be conducted on continental grounds
Core memory is me and my best friend in like 5th grade planned to perform The Light to our crushes. That song is amazing, can appreciate it at any age. The feelings it evokes and sentiments it holds, I’ve felt that way about a few special people in my life.
one of the first rappers from chicago to go big, love him.
Really great rapper and person in general. Be is one of the best albums of the 2000s
So I had to did what I had to did
Just watched him in "Hunter Killer" last night, his acting is pretty meh.
his first album is better than most others released in the past 10 years.
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Common Sense   But I did 5 mill' – I ain't been rhyming like Common since
Fantastically underrated.
 I was at the gym and a nigga said I looked like him l, didn’t find it funny.
great but also kinda corny these days lols
Great
🤣How much I'd love to his DICK  #juzSAYIN 🤷
always listen to him when i wanna sleep 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Soft guy. Good rapper.
Race mixing
Never heard a song . Prolly garbage
Legendary
WITH MICROSOFT AI
i thought this was demetrious johnson for a second there
An uncommon talent
just finished watching John Wick 2 he's cool
I liked him on that railroad tv show
he looks like axle in harlem
🐐
His name common, his steak rare.
Great rapper. Worked very well with Ye. Chi-Town connection.  Has a great discography even outside of Ye as well. He always said he wishes he would've done a third album that was produced by Ye after Finding Forever, and I agree.
Nothing
great rapper. Glad he rotated to film and got the bag
Has a dope flow- real MC.
Uncommon these days.
Unfortunately hasn’t really put out anything that worthwhile after the 2000’s but his prime was legendary
I love his head. Its so shiny.
southside is a banger
Like a lot...and he was great in Hell on Wheels.
good john wick character
Amazing
Yup , I slept on it for a while but “Be” is fire
He likes gin and tonics
LMAOOOOOOOOO IM FUCKING DEAD BRO 😂😂😂💀💀💀👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
He ranges from mid to ok
Absolutely. Harder than most think, exceptionally talented. A rapper's rapper.
Then listen to one
Common is a very good rapper. Not appreciated enough I think
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Credit: “Prod. M A C K” on YouTube
damn. sounds like something ye could've actually done on 808s n heartbreaks
it’s crazy how good his voice sounds with everything
This is what happens when you been taking L's from too many people .....Started with Push...now clowned by Melon .  Shit would really  fuck your brain up.
corny ahh nigga
Looool kanyes used a similar line before if I recall correct
Something along the lines of "Is that a black card?! Oh why yes but I prefer the term African American Express."
I found it.   “I ain't tryin' to stress my wealth But sometimes I gotta American Express myself”
George Bush doesn't care about black people
I actually read the whole hit piece and I lost what little respect I had for the rolling stone.  He spends 10k a week on sushi for these kids and they are trying to frame that as a bad thing.  The school has a dress code and it’s not even a full uniform.  Finally, the article is the definition of a hit piece as it doesn’t give any perspective of his side or even say they reached out to his people.  Even with it being a hit piece and them trying their hardest they can’t make the school seem bad at all.  Big F for the failing stone magazine
Ye must be making powerful political moves to be getting hit pieces like this written about him. When did Rolling Stone become hard hitting journalism? YE24
I mean I’ll take the sushi
That used to be the case...but he's been crushing on Michelle now for many years.
Technically according to the department of health and other sources, raw meat must not be offered on children's menus. So I assume this falls in the same category.
I think you read it...if you did...with Ye colored glasses.  You picked out the minor things and did so out of context.  The lawsuit is about wrongful dismissal and withholding of pay, not about sushi or uniforms.  Those things are only part of the situation described, which present such allegations as part of an abnormal and unsafe environment for education.  That when concerns were expressed about this the teachers were wrongfully dismissed and threatened not to try and contact Ye.  These are the facts of the suit, and no undue emphasis is made on the "weird" parts by Rolling Stone.    You act like they made the lawsuit themselves to attack Ye.  Nor did they choose to cover this story when no one else did out of some attempt to bully and target him...just about every news outlet, mainstream and otherwise, has prominent coverage.
No… Kanye should not be president
More like leaving a worthwhile vision in the hands of unqualified and inept administrators.
you mean "Gyöngyhajú Lány"?
Yes
Fair enough, thanks
No, that’s my theory as well. Donda seemed to be all of the elements listeners enjoyed of all of his albums. Come to life is runaway. New again is flashing lights. Off the grid is can’t tell me nothing. Ok Ok is Black skinhead…if he makes another album I can’t even comprehend what it would sound like or be about; maybe healing?
i understand all of those except how is ok ok similar to black skinhead?
damn.
interesting look at the psyche of a r/Kanye user. boots = ye
Who dat boi?
good news?
can i buy one?
credits: https://youtu.be/li\_OKCpPxM4
hard to decide between yandhi and turbografx 16 for me
no flashing lights?
Bound 2 should not be here
all falls down as the best tcd song 🚩
need more TLOP
respectable takes
Devil in a new dress is not written as “I wonder”
Where’s lost in the world
What about all of the lights?
Finally another I Wonder enthusiast
Remove We Major and this is pretty close to mine
This is a boring top 10
Some honorable suggestions: Facts (Charlie Heat version) Slow Jamz /Diamond in Sierra Leona
BASED
Valid but I think We Major is pretty overrated. Good but it’s not touching my top 20 at all
1. Flashing Lights (Whenever he say some mad shit I put this on) 2. Runaway 3. Hey Mama 4. Two Words 5. Blood on the Leaves 6. Famous 7. All of the Lights 8. Life of the Party 9. 4th Dimension 10. Stronger
not enough on sight
Why? It’s a great song
Why it's an amazing song, I've listened to the rest of the album multiple times and nothing is more replayable than all falls down
FR it’s not even too 5 for me
Spaceships>>>
The funny thing is that TLOP is right below this top 10, I love Waves, 30 Hours, Wolves, Famous, Saint Pablo, etc
I like Lost in the World but it's not top 10
Lost in the world literally has an audio error in it that song ain’t underrated
Def not top 10
Yeah I don't really get why Bound 2 isn't more popular in r/Kanye   New Slaves and Black Skinhead are great but I just don't listen to them that often
i’m not saying it’s an amazing song, i’m just saying there’s way better songs on the album i prefer over it. also i’ve kinda played it out a bit lol
Have you considered the fact that you lack taste?
Wait what?
that’s not that crazy of a take  we don’t care, never let me down, through the wire, family business, last call  and if last call isn’t enough of a “song” to put in there i can see an argument for jesus walks. personally i’m taking all falls down in my top 5 but there’s definitely an argument to be had.
You’ll never be able to unbeat this but at 0:54 it cuts, kinda annoying
Ok tbh... This aint a fair discussion bc TCD has like 10 top 5 songs
Bro where is spaceship new workout and two words
Oooh that’s fucking annoying
fr i tried not to name every song while typing that 😭
This song was a hit on the radio everyone loved it.
and chicks with birth control stuck to their arm like nicorette
I remember in middle school having to explain to my friend that the song wasn’t about exercising.
2nd best Kanye song ever imo
blud don't know thats get em high 😭😭💀
lol oops
Once everyone on the planet streams lost in the world 2 times
Soonr
Now
Next year probs
Already did
When he drops.
After another Testament  is created
chick-fil-a
Cum
sushi
Paneer Butter Masala
Sushi, apparently
Close! Jerk Chicken
Never understood the hate for this song
Love that song
The barking is epic. Didnt even realise it for ages until I listened to it with earphones.
try all mine, which i unironically place very high up on the kanye tier lidt
Criminally underrated Chet Hanks feature
I told my asian gf His bars from this song
THAT’S ALL THEM CAAAAAN DO
this is so fire ngl top 3 songs on yeezus imo
thank god they’re free at last 😣
Nah fr the og goes crazy too 😵‍💫
i love kanye’s flow
I made my name from it
Yeah, that songs hella overrated, not even top 4 on ye
Yess, adds a lot to the energy
💀💀💀the line had me dead when i heard it first
It’s only over rated because there are some popular meme type lyrics in it, don’t think I need to really type them out for you to know what I mean lol  My personal favorite on Ye is No Mistakes, instrumental and the energy in Kanye’s rap verse are really good imo
i havent listened to ye recently, imma go relisten and give u my thoughts on what really holds up but i love all mine lol
It’s very different compared to the other songs on Ye, but don’t you think it’s essential on an album about being bipolar and having mental issues
No mistakes is so underrated. Don’t get how it’s the least streamed on ye
Its on [bandcamp](https://jakradikal.bandcamp.com/album/hrly-bnks-rwrk-rdkl-rdux-1-15-21) can download it here for free with a few more tracks as well
He doesn't want fans to be able to take pictures with him...real nice!
Now that’s a musical genius!
The Best Rapper Alive
that makes my tummy rumble
See, he hasn't been cancelled.
Im Michael Now https://youtu.be/ezrDV9rCCjQ
cover hard af
Brother you used a type beat by ProducerX that has Vory singing the hook you dont know the man personally 💀
We major is so underrated. One of the best kanye songs imo.
Listen to more music dawg
W I just listened to rodeo so I’d say  1. Swang (normal and Travis remix)  2. Gone  3. 90210  4. Oh My Dis Side  5. Maria I’m Drunk  6. Power  7. 3500  8. Pray 4 Live  9. Apple Pie  10. Lost In The World
Hey, great question! It really depends on what kind of music you're into, but here are my top 10 songs right now:  1. "Drivers License" by Olivia Rodrigo  2. "Levitating" by Dua Lipa  3. "Leave The Door Open" by Silk Sonic  4. "Good 4 U" by Olivia Rodrigo  5. "Kiss Me More" by Doja Cat ft. SZA  6. "Peaches" by Justin Bieber ft. Daniel Caesar and Giveon  7. "Heartbreak Anniversary" by Giveon  8. "Montero (Call Me By Your Name)" by Lil Nas X  9. "Save Your Tears" by The Weeknd ft. Ariana Grande  10. "Deja Vu" by Olivia Rodrigo   What are your current top 10 songs?
What if we don’t lol? Are you gonna stop listening? Who cares bro listen what you want   Fr tho it’s good maybe more diverse picks (multiple artists)
I like it!
wharf talk and bf gf are so good i love the estate sale
This a w list imo
Location is a w frfr
Having travis in your top 10 Shows that you didn't listen to anything other than rap
wharf talk so fucking good
here’s mine for funzies  1. Dream - Young Thug 2. Homemade Dynamite - Lorde 3. Moon Relate - Lil Uzi Vert 4. 8TEEN - Khalid 5. Die Slow - Young Thug 6. P2 - Lil Uzi Vert 7. Tek It - Sped Up - Cafuné 8. Prices - Lil Uzi Vert 9. Solo (Reprise) - Frank Ocean 10. spend the money - Fousheé
W list but i dont really like cmiygl
W
This is some absolute W's right here. I recommend the 4 minute version of Skeletons by Ye>
i see u coward
W Devil in a new dress
Great picks all around, especially 90210
You could say this about literally any Kanye song
CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN?
I know, I have trouble choosing between Through the Wire and We Major. Through the wire feels like winning, We major feels like success.
Fr how does dude not have any Japanese doom rock or Italian disco in there
dude picked the top charting songs from 2 years ago and thought we didn’t notice
mans stuck in 2021 /j i fw everyone here
You trolling or just haven’t listened to a single new song in over two years?
Let me guess, you like tik tok
bro used chatgpt
The Olivia Rodrigo albums slaps. I’m not mad when it come on in shuffle
IK. If I combine CMIYGL and estate sale, it’s top 3 albums for me imo
Or anything not from the top 5 most popular hip hop artists right now lmao
I was half joking, but bro does need to expand
heres some more good music https://youtu.be/ezrDV9rCCjQ
G.O.O.D music is such a great label name for the way it's been treated. It should be as big as TDE at least
hospital bed hundo bands fuck a watch
Honestly one of the most underrated tracks
That’s my super power
That was actually written by drake fam
I love the ye album so much but it sometimes makes me feel panic
beggars cant be choosers i guess, very weird thing to say in my opinion.  Don't mean this in a hateful way just feel bluffed
Yess i get what you saying. Not trying to say anything about the song, was rather expressing my love for the sample
Just now, when he saw your post.
he has a sex addiction 100%, that's probably his main hobby
Every day. That woman who he is paying to be his fiancé said she is cool with the situation but his tubby, smelly, crazy body will not be sweating all over her. Even Kim had her kids by surrogates because she is so grossed out by him. Can you imagine how bad his breath stinks?
In the studio but albe back did it for him
I don’t know but I orgasm’d last time I heard devil in a new dress just like always when I hear that song (I will never love a woman as much as I love that song)
Has he nutted or is he still going?
Im still going
Sup Kanye :). When's the album dropping?
Hahaha 😝
Y’all thinking inside the box   I want kanye to produce a whole album for ME
3K
I would love to see him producing an album for RiRi
Tyler the creator collab album would be sick
A collab album by Dr. Dre and Kanye West would be so good that they’d never drop it.
Kendrick and Freddie. Ik this never gonns happen but God, I wish for an Ye x Ms. Hill collab
Rocky
Taylor swift.  😅
Jay Z
Chancelor the Rapper
Produce for, and collaboration album with Andre 3K
The beach boys. Don’t hate but I think Brian Wilson and Kanye have very similar vibes musically. Listen to Smart girls by Brian Wilson and see the possibilities.
ANDRE
Lupe If Lupe wants to do it
Frank
The obvious answer is Kendrick but I’d rather see Cole imo. Let Kendrick do Kendrick and see how amazing Cole’s album would be with the Ye feel. Hopefully we get Be exec producer instead of Nasir exec producer
Nas… uhm yeah  but fr 3k or frank would be dope: would them make dropping an album :)
Ye
Probably going to get hate for this but J. Cole.  Coles early mixed tapes he rapped over hella Kanye beats and did very well on them.   I think it’d be pretty cool to hear him rapping over some original beats, but it’ll never happen 🤷‍♂️
Justin Timberlake. He collects super producers like Infinity Stones
It’s so cheesy but rly, Tyler man. All the songs they worked on together are beautiful, bound,heaven, smuckers, puppet
Nas
Sir Paul McCartney
Playboi Carti  The Weeknd  Kid Cudi
Freddie Gibbs
Nas again
Kendrick Lamar, Eminem and Tyler, The Creator since all of their collabs with Kanye have been fire.
Bruce Springsteen
Joey badass
Danny Brown
Frank Ocean
Kali Uchis
Eminem for sure
his work with Bon Iver always slaps
eminem
Game
Killa Cam, Weezy, and Carti.   Let me throw future in there too
J-Cole and/or Tyler The Creator
Bon iver
G herbo
Tyler, The Creator. Heaven To Me was great
Baby keem ‼️
The Jews.
Eminem would be a curious result
carti,lean or bladee
Westside Gunn, or Griselda for that matter
drake cuz he got a nice voice, btw know nothing about drake other then him being childish and insecure
I think he could bring the best out of Eminem. Ye is the type of guy who could tell Eminem to his face that he is corny and cringe sometimes
taylor
Eminem  carti Uzi
Drake. I think this would be his way back into the good graces of the world. Team up with someone who is so big and undeniable with music that is unmistakably Kanye as well. It’ll be too good to ignore and have all the air play needed to bring Ye back.
bladee
Dua Lipa. Ye crushes it at genres where the odds are stacked against him imo. He’d create an album like nothing we’ve ever seen
Let's think.... It would need to be someone who can put up with a raving maniac, is cool with antisemitism and will be ok with with getting zero credit or money in the end.
No one. Fuck Nazis.
hot take: carti
Rosalia.
Me or Carti
Freddie Kane
I’d love to see Kanye work with Jamie xx, Jai Paul, or Shabazz Palaces in any form of a colab
Earthgang. I like their more soulful stuff but they still have a weirdness to them I think Kanye could have fun with.
frank ocean/rocky/uzi
Travis Scott
Travis
Brockhampton
Playboi carti
Drake   Fart sounds every track lmao
I think Kendrick would do great things to tracks made my Kanye
Travis, Tyler, JID, Kendrick, Denzel Curry, and Danny Brown
DaBaby
for Yeezy would be cool
Bob Marley. If only
Ye
That’s easy, Kanye
Linkin Park
Eminem
Kanye producing a death grips album would have some insane sampling
T-Pain has the voice but he needs a ye guru
For Larry Furlow
A completely Kanye produced Kid Cudi récord would also be cool
G Herbo
3 Track Yeat EP 🔥
Justin Vernon/Bon Iver but with him. I think that would be the best album ever. Them two work together so well.
Denzel, 50, Ghostface, Wayne, Freddie, Yasiin, Black Thought, Mach, Killer Mike, D’Angelo (both on production, D’Angelo on vocals)  thats my top 10
Julian Casablancas or The Voidz
Frank.
Ye
Kid Rock
Common
Batman.
Not Kanye producing but we thought Budd Dwyer was producing for Donda 2, and I would like to see it really happen.
Babytron
kendrick is the obvious pick, he but for qnyone high profile i fear he will do another nasir
André 3000
Sir David Attenborough.    Yeezy x BBC no pornhub.
The Weeknd or Chance.
Morrissey
Future
Me bitch
Me. I don’t rap and can’t sing, but know y’all will buy it. 💀
Me or trav
travis
Drake
Jeezy
JID
Cordae
I'd say Taylor Swift. Would be epic
jpegmafia
Eminem tbh
Tyler the creator
yeat
Chief Keef
Kool Keith
Lizzo.   Someone said that once when this question was previously asked and ive always thought about it. A huge pop Graduation style kanye and lizzo album
Me
Myself of course but i need soul samples only nothing post twisted fantasty if they let me be picky
Clipse
Kendrick Lamar I will lose it
MF DOOM
Joji
Ye
The Rolling Stones
JPEGMAFIA and/or Danny Brown?
Rae Sremmurd
Drake fosho this would be the best album ever
MF DOOM. Doom said in an interview he was interested in working with ye, if doom was still here theres serious chance it would happen
carti or vory if vory had a lot of feats
OutKast  Y'all not ready.
If Lauryn hill ever makes a comeback
Don Toliver
Kinda crazy, but hear me out. Oliver Tree.
Drake or Taylor
Trump
Ye
Would have said Migos but….
Tay swift
Upvotes to the 3Stacks, ASAP Rocky, Kendrick, Cole, etc…  But my vote is for Jay Electronica.
Verbs is the Homie
Me
If he was still here I would have loved to have heard DOOM on some Ye beats and vice versa
Lupe Fiasco  I feel they could make something so incredibly magical. Two very creative artists who are great at telling larger stories. The few songs they have together are great.
Mac demarco
Anne Frank.
Susan Boyle
Taylor Swift
SZA
Kanye and Ms Lauryn hill
Frank ocean
denzel curry
1. CyHi 2. Conway The Machine 3. Shenseea 4. Pusha T & No Malice 5. Drake
Mi like what he did with the weekend,
Kanye
Michael Jackson for sure. A posthumous project would be amazing.
Old Kanye produce for new Kanye
Curren$y
The jews
Carti
Prime Lil Wayne
I’d like to see him produce an album for Kid Cudi….. 😕😕
Brockhampton, it would be great
Weird Al
Estelle. Don't ask why.
Here’s my list: Pusha T, Kid Cudi, Nas, Teyana Taylor
My Chemical Romance
Taylor Swift, my girlfriend loves her
basic take but frank tbh
Thats a lot of buttons  Analog mixing consoles scare me
J Cole or JID. They would go so hard on some of Ye’s  old school beats
Throwing in a wild card - Rick Ross. Rick rewrites every verse once and creates a masterpiece backed by yeezy production
Ye
Glover
Smino ft with kanye
Big K.R.I.T., Freddie Gibbs, Earthgang, Uzi, J.I.D., Mac Miller would’ve been good, Ab-Soul, Drake, SiR, Wale, Wayne, Yasiin Bey, VanJess, Westside Boogie. Yes.
Vince staples is an amazing rapper but i feel like his production is hit or miss. Kanye and vince would make a fucking killer record.
Curren$y. Another good choice would be Justin Timberlake
Kendrick, Thug, Peggy
bladee 😰
Joey Bada$$ or Lil Wayne
Me
Mos def  Andre 3k Lupe more common  Kendrick
Hitler
Jews
Kanye could make anyone a good album with the right direction
you feel me? this really da only acceptable answer frfr
Literally the most Kanye fan-ish answer I’ve seen and I’m totally in for it
I’m with this one all the way. Some true Kanye music with 3stacks. Man. I’d go buy an actual fucking CD because “if you’re like me, you’re reading the credits right now”.
So good on paper but it would suck in reality.  Just like the Nas album, Kanye consumes too much of the project instead of being a guest producer, it becomes his sound/his album, with a guest rapper.
He has his own distinct sound tho idk that’s be a cool duo album tho
Glad to see this was first comment
I fell off tyler like after igor, is it worth continuing?
The best answer.
Sad that the one chance of this was wasted on Dre remixing Ye’s worst material—Jesus is King 👑😭🥴😫
freddie mercury
Beat me to it
I feel like it would end up like “Testing”, which is my favorite asap album.
I genuinely think it would turn out good because Kanye is great at catering beats to almost anyone. A more layed back vibe or even some slightly futuristic stuff like Dua Lipa on the Law of Attraction or On God. Also it would be so crazy to see the reactions to that online and in the media.
She’s worked with kendrick and future before so… 🤷‍♂️
I don’t really like Taylor Swift but I genuinely think this would be a killer album
That would actually sound super good though
“This might be the return of the throne”
Shut up that's a war crime
I didn't know he was promoted
please say the rapper
Love this
Damn that sucked
Zappa?
Cole doesn't really got a fresh and creative style as Kendrick's, so his album produced by Ye wouldn't be really that great.
Nah. No one is allowed to produce for Nas ever again unless it’s Hit-Boy
Nasir 🥶
Already happened with Nasir. Decent album. Some solid tracks
Ye that would high key be fire, also I think McCartney sought out Ye to produce Egypt Station but he was busy so he got some others to do it. But I think if Kanye cleaned himself Macca would definitely be down.
Didnt he do carti already w wlr?
I can only handle so much of Griselda. But the songs I CAN handle are fucking dope. The problem is I love their “lo-fi” (I hate to use such a corny word) beats so idk how well they’d do with Ye.
(In case YZY him self sees this)
Reading this comment section has made me realize how much we couldave gotten if kanye had strayed a bit away from the religious expression and the politics and the fashion. Nothing against religion but kanye wouldave been insane if he just went around producing albums for people rather than voice his opinions and sh
Which one?
Have you heard his latest album “Call me if you get lost”?  If you dont like then no. But i think its some of his best work. Kanye’s touch could honestly make tyler go from an 8 to a 10.
Dr. Dre being a perfectionist is also the problem, dude dropped an album in 1999 and then dropped his next one in 2015.  Yes, I know that he was producing for artists like Eminem, The Game, 50 Cent, Kendrick Lamar etc. but Detox needs to come out before I die.
*Gibbs
Very underrated album
I say Doja Cat. She can rap mean verses and sing sad breakup pop songs. Kanye would immortalize her.
Sounwave did some production on her new album too, he’s a frequent Kendrick collaborator
Guess you’d hate to see another blueprint album
haven’t you listened to watch the throne? shit slaps they’re great together
Huh? I don’t understand
That would be awesome, too bad its impossible…
Ye stands for every Zappa was against. Zappa is rolling in his grave due to this comment.
IMO Cole not being as creative would mean he would get almost forced by Ye to do so.
I don’t cole is a better core rapper than Kendrick imo,just not as creative 🤷🏽‍♂️
and we literally have kids see ghosts too
no, Kanye executive produced the album which is basically just choosing the beats and helping with the creative direction... He didnt make any of the beats for the album tho
In fact, in the recent deluxe version of Call me if you get lost there's a song that Kanye produced and it's SO good, plus Kanye also featured on the song "PUPPET" on IGOR
I really think Tyler’s the only artist on kanye level, skill wise. His videos, production, lyricism are all insane and league ahead of his peers. I feel like he’s still slept on despite his accomplishments. Plus his performances go insane
Dr. Dre produced — Use This Gospel (feat. Kanye West & Eminem) on Dj Khaled’s album & that shit was disappointing. I love Dre & Eminem but it’s just too hard to shine when the subject is Christian worshipping
it was a joke
He fell off hard after “The Big Day”
Ok but then it would basically be a Ye album. Like Cole is creative in his albums in the way he does his own beats and production and everything, but he can't get to Kendrick level in the other terms.
Oh
Smuckers on cherry bomb
HEAVEN ONLY KNOWS 🗣️
Puppet such a banger
kendrick and tyler are kanye level imo
What’s wrong with Christian worship?
Nah, his singles are genuinely good. I hope tbd didnt discourage him from dropping another album cuz the dudes genuinely got potential, he just fumbled the bag REALLY HARD with tbd
I don’t understand the promotion part though
I love Ye albums. A Ye album with Cole on every track sounds like an amazing time.
RICHER THAN WHITE PEOPLE WITH BLACK KIDS 🗣️🗣️🗣️
that song is my favorite on the whole album
But tbf Kendrick doesn’t produce nearly as much as Tyler or the way Ye used to
Facts Kendrick also on that level
Nothings wrong with it, In fact some Christian worship songs can be really well written, it’s just that when you limit it to a specific subject in anything, the sky is no longer the limit
What dog is sad, incomplete and executive perfected by Future 🤔
pekinese
A unicorn because it doesn’t exist
A mutt
Chiwawa
I don’t agree with any of these
I am forgetting the name of that dog can someone remind me....it kind of looks like a dog that had disappeared since a whole damn year ...... yeah a dead dog   If you wannabe optimistic sure....Cat
Great Pyranees  &#x200B;  because I think kanye would rhyme good with it
Bull Terrier  They're agresive and weird
Maybe a mutt dog. Different influences and styles compined like Different breeds of a mutt
Rottweiler
Gotta love how you said the entire title for mbdtf but not for Jesus is king
pug
pug
you sneaky dog.
🥶 🧊 ☃️ ahhh take
Guys, guys, in my honest and humble opinion, water is wet.
Underrated for sure 😎
In other news, water is wet
🥵🔥☀️☕️ take
Kanye because he gets his art popular as well acclaimed by critics and fans without dumbing it down
Definitely the two modern artists I’ve logged the most minutes listening to
Ye for the music. Taylor for the looks.
You care about critics?
Yes
Through the wire
Probably Power
Stronger since it took him awhile to get the drums right and kept going back and forth with it
Kid Cudis should be a poem crying over a thrown water bottle
I’m calling BS on Kanye being afraid of stairs. The rest of the stuff is probably real, though.
Article source is TMZ.  https://www.tmz.com/2023/04/06/kanye-west-donda-academy-sued-only-feeds-students-sushi/
this shit is so stupid lmfao there's even pics of kids at the school eating sm that isnt sushi
ok now do oprah's school and tell me whats worse
...can't find the source for this particular article, but it looks like Rolling Stone broke the news originally. Might be true. In any case, Rolling Stone loves taking potshots at Ye.  Looks like the lawsuit is filed by two people, surprising considering there could easily be more if the claims are true and unlawful.   Not-using the second floor isn't illegal as far as I know, nor are sushi lunches, or not-providing colouring books. Crossword puzzles are not mandatory teaching materials either. Don't know why that's mentioned except to drive home the point that Ye is 'crazy'.  Sorry to hear that there was bullying, but like... it's a school...  https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/kanye-west-donda-academy-sued-firing-teachers-code-violations-1234710863/
how am i going to be upset by $10,000 worth of sushi i ate cup noodles from the microwave
He’s an artist yo, he takes aesthetics seriously
Only show up when we cut the cake
Imaging believing this lol
Spending ten grand a week on sushi for the children's only lunch choice is wild.
Its a private school.. at mine they made us cut our hair regularly and i have curly hair so it only looked good long, I couldn’t wear pants that were “skinny”, i bought some bracelets that were “permanent”and i had to cut them off, yall fucking reaching. Why is this even a thing.
Kanye is a fool, but the bigger fools are the parents who send their kids there. Any lawsuits should be from the kids on their parents for subjecting them to this idiots academy.
Idk man… I would still prefer my kids to be at donda academy than the inner city school here in Chicago
What kind of moron would send their kids to this sub humans school anyway. Nothing in the news about his school is a surprise.
Hold on, Kanye likes jewelry.
There's crazier shit that Kanye believes tho
I love that Kanye trusts his gut and creates his own environment. I also don't think kids should be wearing jewelry
LIPOSUCTION
Oprah's school has been open since 2009 and has mostly been criticized for its lavishness.  All of its students are fully supported and most of its alumni have gone on to lead productive lives.  The school itself was a result of conversations with Nelson Mandela.  &#x200B; "Winfrey received much criticism surrounding the "extravagance" of the school, with mention, among other things, about the need for high thread-count sheets for the dormitory beds, a beauty salon, two theatres (one indoor, one outdoor) and a yoga classroom to educate girls in an impoverished region of South Africa"
>Rolling Stone loves taking potshots at Ye  Lol, that's what you take out of this?  Man, this story has been reported just about everywhere and the original "source" is the lawsuit itself.  Every major new organization is covering it; here is one from the LA Times:  &#x200B;  *latimes.com Sushi for lunch again: Kanye West sued over Donda Academy conditions - Los Angeles Times Christian Martinez 5–6 minutes*  *At Kanye West’s Donda Academy, the performer’s Christian K-12 school, students were subjected to unsafe, unregulated and unsanitary conditions, two former teachers allege in a lawsuit against West and others filed this week in Los Angeles County Superior Court.*  *Cecilia Hailey and Chekarey Byers, the only two Black female teachers at the school, were fired after they voiced concerns over the conditions to administrators, according to the complaint.*  *The school, named for West’s mother, operated in Simi Valley before moving to its current location in Chatsworth, according to California Department of Education records.*  *The women are suing West for retaliation, wrongful termination, discrimination and withheld wages.*  *West’s attorney, Gregory K. Nelson, declined to comment on the lawsuit, saying he had not seen it as of Thursday afternoon.*  *Hailey, in an interview Thursday with The Times, said she was “very, very disturbed” by what she saw in her time at the school.*  *“We are responsible to make sure that we’re giving children a quality education, and when you don’t, you are really disturbing the life of that child,” Hailey said. “That’s just not right.”*  *According to the complaint, Hailey was hired as a substitute teacher at Donda Academy in the fall, around the time West made a series of antisemitic comments on social media and in televised interviews.*  *In the wake of the comments, West was dropped by his talent agency, CAA, and Adidas ended its partnership with the rapper. The sportswear company stated that it expected to lose nearly $250 million because of the move.*  *Hailey said she had seen interviews West had done prior to her hiring but said, “I didn’t go into the school because it was Kanye West’s school. I went into the school because I was asked to go, and I got there and I saw a need.”*  *Hailey said students were not exposed to anything antisemitic or politically charged in the curriculum but noted that there were restrictions placed on what could be covered in classrooms.*  *“They definitely wanted to suppress a lot of information in reference to history,” Hailey said. “They didn’t want the kids to know really about African American history or Asian American history.”*  *The Holocaust was also omitted from Donda Academy curriculum.*  *On at least three occasions, Hailey said, she voiced concerns to the principal, identified in the complaint as Moira Love, that the school was not complying with health and safety or educational regulations.*  *Hailey also attempted to discuss her concerns with West but “was threatened not to reach out to him.”*  *Byers also complained to Love about the the school’s conditions.*  *Teachers at the school were not required to have first-aid or mandated child-abuse reporter training, and state regulations regarding educational services and individualized learning plans were not being followed, the complaint says.*  *The school did not have janitorial services, with West barring the use of cleaning products with chemicals, or proper trash cans, according to the complaint. Teachers were only allowed to clean with “acid water and microfiber cloths.”*  *The school also lacked a school nurse and medical supplies, and medications were stored improperly.*  *One student’s EpiPen to treat allergic reactions was stowed above a microwave, the plaintiffs allege.*  *The school also allegedly failed to implement protocols related to bullying.*  *“In one incident, a student assaulted an eighth-grade student by slapping her, then attempted to assault another teacher,” the plaintiffs’ attorneys wrote in the complaint.*  *The student “went without discipline.”*  *As for nutrition, Donda Academy students were fed sushi — and only sushi — every school day and were made to eat lunch on the floor, as the school did not have tables, the plaintiffs alleged.*  *“Students were not allowed to bring any outside food or anything other than water,” attorneys wrote in the complaint.*  *Although the plaintiffs described the day-to-day operations of the school as lacking structure, West demanded that certain rules be strictly enforced.*  *He required students to dress entirely in black, and they were restricted to the first floor of the building because, the complaint alleges, West is afraid of stairs.*  *Students were not allowed to use utensils, and neither students nor staff could wear jewelry, according to the complaint.*  *After Hailey and Byers lodged their concerns, no action was taken by school administrators. Love allegedly told Hailey and Byers they were “aggressive.” The pair were also shorted up to $2,700 per paycheck, they allege.*  *Last month, as the two teachers arrived for work, they were met in the parking lot and told that they had been terminated.*  *Hailey said she believes there are others working at the school who are afraid to speak out about the conditions.*  *“They are afraid to speak up because they are afraid of being fired or ostracized” or losing out on money, Hailey said. “But that is not what we get in this business for. We get in this business, if we get into it properly, to educate kids.”*
I think I'm feeling the kids who I guess have to sit on the floor and eat shit they don't like because he likes it. Or I guess go hungry if their parents don't pack them food which according to the article many parents did not and so the kids just didn't eat. Mo money mo problems
It's not illegal i just find it funny that Kanye's scared of stairs
with 100 students and 5 meals in a week, that is $20 per each sushi lunch.
Apparently many were there with financial aid and there were also some celebrity kids.  Only about 100 students and the school did not remain open for long..opened in Sept.  closed shortly after the shit hit the fans.
goofy ahh comment
Yeah but what does that have to do with the claim that he’s afraid of stairs?
trusting your gut is not any way to provide a proper education.  Neither he nor, apparently, many of his administrators, had much notion of what they were doing.
I love it when people restrict students freedoms and self expression like a cult  /s
The Oprah Operative everybody
i ain't readin allat 😂😂👋💯💯🔥🗣️
Ok. Thanks, I guess?  I'm not sure that Ye is responsible for the mismanagement though. Like, no furniture, wearing all black and no jewelry sounds Ye-ish (and somewhat strange), leaving african/asian american history and holocaust education out of the curriculum is concerning but variations of this aren't unheard of in other schools across the US, and not necessarily Ye's direction. Though it might be.  Witholding payment and lack of first-aid / abuse report training are the only points that seem flat-out illegal (or should be) but I doubt those are the result of Ye's doing. He may have put incompetent people in charge, and he might be liable for that. The court will decide, I'm sure.
>The school did not have janitorial services, with West barring the use of cleaning products with chemicals, or proper trash cans, according to the complaint. Teachers were only allowed to clean with “acid water and microfiber cloths.”  >The school also lacked a school nurse and medical supplies, and medications were stored improperly.  So there was no one to clean up the school, they wanted cleaning products with chemicals, and parents were ok with no school nurse? All this while paying a tuition I am sure was high?   Let's just say I'm not entirely convinced lol
Average ye hater
> Or I guess go hungry if their parents don't pack them food  The allegation is that they were not *allowed* to bring in outside food, only water.
It is funny, but I doubt it's true.  Or rather I'm sure the upstairs rooms weren't used, I just doubt that a fear of stairs is the reasoning for it.
At the very least, I doubt her school is mismanaged and that its administration is lacking in qualifications.
5 - 6 minutes is beyond your capacity....that's the modern generation, lol
The lawsuit seems mainly about wrongful dismissal and failure to pay salaries.  The rest of it gives the context.  Many of the things described might not be illegal, but teachers expressing concerns is not illegal either and should not be grounds for firing or withholding pay.  That it was "only" two teachers is specifically addressed.  They were the ones who were fired...others would naturally be fearful for their livelihood.
>and parents were ok with no school nurse? All this while paying a tuition I am sure was high?  The tuition was $15,000 per student, though many received financial assistance.  There were about 100 students and the school wasn't open for very long, so perhaps the parents were not yet aware of any sup-par conditions that those who worked there might have experienced.  Private schools and charter schools are very prone to management abuse, they even lack the regulatory oversight that accreditation might provide.  Conservatives like them because they can lessen money spent on education and even divert some of *that* money into corporate coffers (which run many of these schools).  It is entirely credible to me that this school also fell prey to this pattern, though of course I do not believe that it was Ye's intent to do so.  It may even be a case of certain entities or persons exploiting Ye for their own financial profit.
Judging by how Kanye has been acting these past times... yeah no I definetely believe that he would be afraid of stairs
I don't doubt people being afraid to speak out if their livelihood is on the line, I'm just not sure that it is a result of Ye's action or direction. Seems like he surrounded himself with incompetent buffoons, which is a shame.   I'm not sure the additional context illustrates anything except a picture of general weirdness. Not un-like maybe a potshot...
Donda academy has been open for 1 year and this is the first lawsuit filed by SUBSTITUTE teachers, other teachers had no reasonable fear of being fired if problems were running rampant. There are teachers on social media who gush about the school. When Donda's basketball team was taken out of the championship for Ye's remarks everyone was mad and said the kids should play and not be punished. When Donda reopened there was no issue with re-enrollment. There was no known issues with the school prior to this. There were a bunch of videos about what they do.   Was everyone scared of Kanye?
Or maybe he would justify by saying he was scared for the kids, that they might trip or something.
> I'm just not sure that it is a result of Ye's action or direction.  Isn't that the purview of the court?  And I gather that Ye was not the only respondent.  What purpose would these teachers have to take an unwarranted "potshot"?  And why shouldn't teachers be allowed to express their concerns over conditions under which they teach?  Why should speaking up in such a manner be answered with withholding pay and dismissal?  And if these things were "not the result of Ye's action or direction" surely he has the ability and power to make redress? Seeing as how the teachers likely have no ability to contact Ye directly, wouldn't such a suit be good and proper?
>Was everyone scared of Kanye?  That's not my takeaway...even the plaintiffs said they wanted to contact him, but were threatened not to.  Other than this story, I don't know much about the schools...I do have a bias against religious schools in general, as they can indoctrinate and, in my opinion, damage developing minds.  If this particular school was mismanaged, I strongly doubt that it would be Ye's fault, certainly not to the extent of tolerating unsafe conditions or even firing teachers who express concerns.
Oh no, not the teachers - they can and should be able to raise concerns about the curriculum, and without fearing for loss of livelihood at that.  ...with that said, I once was a teacher, and my contract was not renewed for the specific reason of being 'overly critical'. It happens.  The potshots are taken by media outlets. The headline is not "Donda teachers' payment witheld", it's "Sushi for lunch, weird dress codes, and Ye's afraid of stairs".
Since when should you believe headlines?...and there are plenty media outlets which are much more straightforward.  [https://www.theroot.com/kanye-wests-donda-academy-hit-with-wrongful-termination-1850312409](https://www.theroot.com/kanye-wests-donda-academy-hit-with-wrongful-termination-1850312409)  [https://www.billboard.com/pro/kanye-west-sued-donda-academy-teachers-wrongful-termination/](https://www.billboard.com/pro/kanye-west-sued-donda-academy-teachers-wrongful-termination/)  Even your own citation, Rolling Stone, the headline is fine and mentions nothing about sushi or stairs.  [https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/kanye-west-donda-academy-sued-firing-teachers-code-violations-1234710863/](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/kanye-west-donda-academy-sued-firing-teachers-code-violations-1234710863/)  I copied here so you don't have to scroll up.    Firing teachers.  Code violations.  Isn't that what you wanted?
It isn't really about what I want, but ideally, headlines are credible, and indeed some are.   Some (like the Rolling Stone article) lead with the core of the issue, then elaborate into irrelevant details (or potshots). Then there's articles that lead with clickbait and then proceed into irrelevant details, also potshots.  Nobody has to read or believe anything though. It's fine, I just figured it might be important to discuss what's weird v.s. what's actually not legal.
ok, we're not going to change the news business, especially in this age.  But I might argue that some or even most of the "weird stuff" is relevant in providing context.  Namely why these teachers expressed concerns in the first place, which allegedly caused their wrongful punishments and dismissals.  The allegations would seem to add up to an unhealthful work and learning environment.  From violations of safety codes, to regulations which might make students uncomfortable.  Add in a seeming rigidity that rejects improvement or criticism.  The stairs issue...closing off entire spaces which might enhance usage of the facilities.  Even regarding the sushi...what about any students who might be vegan?  Or allergic to raw fish?  Again, the context of all this is not irrelevant if it is indication that the educational needs of both students and teachers are not given proper priority.  So its not really weird vs. not legal...but rather weird vs. not relevant.  I reread the Rolling Stone piece...it doesn't really get into what might be deemed "irrelevant details" until near the end.  And the final paragraph is as follows:  ​ *"Hailey claims she complained to Donda Academy’s principal/director, Moira Love, on at least three separate occasions, but “no action was taken to remedy” the issues raised. Instead, the suit claims, Love called Hailey and Byers “aggressive” in front of others, which the plaintiffs believe “facilitates stereotypes about African-American women as being confrontational simply for doing their job and voicing their legitimate concerns in order to provide a safe environment and proper education for their students.” Hailey also tried to raise some issues with West himself, but was allegedly “threatened not to reach out to him.” "*  There seem to be very little, if any, "potshots" in this article.
I really and truly don't care anymore. I like both artists, but it's pushing me to listen to other genres of music. At least there, I can just enjoy the music without having to think about two grown men writing about each other
Ive noticed that allot of famous people act like children after being very thankful in their 20s
Next song could be a poem to Jonah Hill written by ChatGPT   Either way, I’m certain he will be collaborating with ChatGPT
This is crazy and I would’ve never thought Ai would be the technology to go crazy in the world.
There’s a version on YouTube where he put the 808s filter over it it’s beautiful
ye voice fits everywhere so scary
How do you make these
Totally breaks it for me when he sings so good. This is like kanye after a few years of singing lessons
nah we just making our own kanye songs now lol i love it
This is beautiful
Why is it so good
Makes me kinda sad that Ye and Bruno don't have a song together.
This goes hard
[YouTube Link](https://youtu.be/OFty1i1ZlnY)
You’re kinda weird for this
Without   communication,   there's no   relationship;   without respect,   there is no love;   without trust,   there is no reason   to continue......
Surely a Kanye AI mixtape is in the works 😂
Nah man this feels wrong
can this be uploaded on Spotify 😭
Imagine if kanye could sing this good!!
He married up , younger & better
Holy shit that’s sick
I got the isolated vocals for the track and then ran it through an AI model trained on Ye’s voice, and then used audacity to mix the song together with the new vocals
😎
But in a good way?
Can I have the AI you used?
I’ll give it to you. Great work
I have a link to the tutorial I used to create the vocals in the video description
Honestly, if mbdtf didn't exist, Yeezus would 100% be my favorite album from him. That album grew on me so much. Like every song on that album got me fucked up, all of them are in my top 75 minimum or something.
Yeezus in my top 3 albums ever made alongside Good Kid, Maad City and The New Abnormal.
Yes
New slaves beat switch always gets me
Second to TCD imo
Yes, yes I do
yes
MBDTF is his best but I do think Yeezus is a close second.
You could probs argue this for all ye’s albums ☺️
It’s my favorite. Its the album in Ye’s discography that feels the most groundbreaking. I was a huge DG fan when it came out and I stupidly ignored it because people said it was biting that sound.   After listening to it dozens of times you can tell it has some industrial hip hop influence but it also stands alone as a singular piece of pop culture.
No I don't because I'm a fucking moron
Yeezus tied with TCD yes
The way I see it, and this is just my observation, a lot of younger people rate it higher, I’m 30 btw.    I feel like if you got into hip hop in the late 90s/early 00s, it’s a toss up between MBDTF, College Dropout and Late Registration. To me, Yeezus is good but it’s not in my top 3
I think it’s his best solo album. I don’t think it’s perfect by any means, but it’s very enjoyable. Like a low 9 imo. KSG is his best project overall.
it’s top 3 for me, behind college dropout and graduation.
It’s probably my least favourite Ye album
The thing is that without MBDTF we wouldn't have Yeezus.. its like ye said to himself i made the one of the most aclaimed hiphop albums of this decades now i wanna make the most experimental album i can make
When I first heard that i literally died. Also got my favorite artist Frank Ocean on it when I heard him I was like holy shit. My favorite Kanye song ever and one of my favorite songs of all time
new slaves is my fav kanye song too! the transition at 2:51 always makes me tear up a little “I’m not dying, and I can’t lose” line really took me aback when I first heard it. i hope they collab again in the future. Ik a lot of ppl coin yeezus as a very wild album (and it is) but the range of emotions expressed from on sight to guilt trip and the diversity/creativity in his choices in yeezus will always make me treasure the album.
Did you make this?
Nope, just came across this on YouTube.
I hope Kanye has a verse in it.
He does, but only if you play it in reverse.
Hi guys, I'd like you to meet Jonah.
Where's KSG 2 ?
Hands up bitches, give me all Yo Doge Coin !
Kiss and make up already
A couple weeks no talking, I seen my baby… I’ve missed you so damn much, hey…
Hey Kanye, do you like fish dicks? And if he said yes I would ask If he likes putting fish dicks in his mouth
"Guys please just make up and create KIDS SEE GHOSTS 2"
"This ghosts you speak of, are they in the room right now?"
Why are you in the same room together? I knew it was a fake ass beef
I’d shoot the stoner twice
Not allowed to say that word here
Which Jonah?
I was today years old when I learned Kid's see ghosts is Kanye and Cudi. Ironic since I love them both and consider myself a huge fan of their work.
What if instead of all their Doge coin they offered to make a song together with you?
Did you just assume he identifies as a gay fish?
Didn't know they were currently at odds
Lolololol wow that's funny. You put the " " quotations simply to indicate that what you would say is between them correct?  So you are quoting yourself and would say  This ghosts you speak of, are they in the room right now?  I feel dumb as hell but I thought it was scripture or possibly something to do with God at first.
Cause love always wins.
Would they know what you mean by that?
What would they say back?
Jonah the Great Peacemaker
Did you just wake up from a coma?
No I was just asking him whether or not he likes fish dicks in his mouth
is this a troll post?
I'm a living movie so I quote myself.
They’d be dead
Sorry I tried to Google who that is and couldn't get an answer. Could you enlighten me?
Lol well I have had a bad car accident that makes remembering a large period of time very hard. But 2018 is mostly outside that period so it's ironic I missed it.
Who is asking?
Don't know what that means lol. But that's probably why I was cast as a random on Reddit in your movie lol
Jonah, not a mountain, nor swallowed by a whale.
Don't tell me u missed the story of adidon
Okay so Jonah Hill right?
I don't know what that is without googling it lol. What's adidon?
Brilliant deduction, Sherlock.
Drakes son, Pasha T dissed drake and the song was called the story of adidon
Poppty scoopty drake has a son with pornstar yeuuggh
this shit so fire it put me to sleep
He still mad about Lift yourself
The dude is just a corny fuck.  Really? Another song about not wanting to be in the club and hoping the right girl comes and save you?  How many of these same ass songs you gonna make bruh?
Not worth of being a single
no lie, this shit made me yawn
Drake a true 🐀
Takes some nuts to diss a man that’s already down. It’s funny how he waited until this moment to diss Ye.
Kanye gonna drop a diss track lmao
Lyrics sound like chat gpt
is he still beefing with ye or is he being petty ion even know it but the songs fire
If this a hit on ye nigga is corny asl
this song was fire,    a dumpster fire
Drake is Jewish, remeber that.
Drake is so petty first the x disses now this
L, do this when Ye is healthy, not now
This song was so bad even compared to Drake's recent work
Song is mid
drake should really stop. he’s one of the lamest and most annoying artists in the mainstream.
This sub is obsessed, it’s like a gossip sub.
Lol he always drops disses when people are down. Reminds me of the cudi incident
Drake really got the critics on his side back again after Her Loss only to drop a song that's personified midness
kanye may be a nazi but that’s just mean idk i feel bad for him
When Yeezy season comes around errbody gon shut up watch
Y’all actually sleeping on this song, it’s fire on mute.
Petty ass Drake. What’s new?
This single has to be an AI test. The vocals do not sound like Drake and are robotic as shit lmao
every time they make up, he disses him. drake is rl a weirdo
Song is mid, beat carries
Whats with the mixing of this song, especially his voice lol
Kim fuckin with drake now my god
NotLikeThis
I don’t get the hate this song is great. And I tend to hate everything new this guy puts out  But I know Kanye is mad as can be rn
Unpopular opinion the song is good
Everyone in this comment section is obsessed with people that will never bat an eye your way. They don’t even know you exist. There’s grown men in here acting like children speculating random shit y’all make up in your head.
Why is drake riding bitch?
Shit straight 🔥🔥🔥 Dreidel gang strong fuck a Nazi
Sub full of haters💀 Song is fire
w
Drake is so cool, I love how he's not afraid to side with the chicks
https://youtu.be/tVthyPOWc-E
Kanye meat eaters are so funny. This song clears any song or feature Kanye has had since Donda🤷‍♂️
Drake has officially jumped the shark.
BruH so much for the Larry Hoover concert
UNPOPULAR OPINION 😱😮🙊:  Kim K is a thot.
Straight Akademiks
Still can’t believe Ye pooped on Drake’s beat. Finesse of the decade 😂😂
Facts
Until people stop listening
ANOTHER song about Jesus? This guy..
Ur corny
not worth being a drake song
He was up on stage crying next to ye now he’s kicking the man while he’s down 😂😂 a real snake 🐍
this is like the fifth time he dissed kanye fym
 He was never able to respond to Pusha and probably it still hurts  Also if Ye responds in Instagram or some interview whatever it will be talked about  So it’s just pettiness and Marketing
He said he did that shit (hoover concert) for jay prince. Drake does not like Ye and i doubt the nazism helped considering Drake is jewish
It would be electric if he has a verse himself on the song.
The song is trash
Agreed, Ye should clap back.
Drake is also an asshole, remember that
HOLY
Yup that grew in a rough neighborhood and worked for Disney, cause yknow they arent sus
it's not like. it literally is a gossip sub. it's the only thing we can do when the artist dont put out shit lmao it's boring but it is what it is
I would be surprised if they didn’t. Marketing stunt for both of them. The two biggest stars in pop and gossip. It’s headlines guaranteed „DRAKIM expecting they’re first baby - watch the surrogate mother giving birth live on Instagram“
Youre in a sub full of dickriding Ye stans my friend. What did you expect lmao
This song is not fucking great 😂
Drake is a pedophile.
And so is Drake. I wish we'd retire that word.
That’s not unpopular at all lol but I will say in recent years I’ve seen so many people who would usually clown her now praise and defend the fck outta her, especially during and after the divorce. As if Ye isn’t the sole reason she’s where she is now, but then again he does all this shxt to himself 🤷🏾‍♂️
that beat goes crazy
I forgot about that 🤣🤣 was over here talkin and tryin to remember what made Drake so pissed off at Ye for ? BAM !!! POOPITY SCOPP !!! WOOOOP
Here’s the difference, kanye only did that for 2 albums and a few songs  Drake has done that nonstop for well over a decade
drake dont know you man
Whoa burn, your disses are almost as good as drake's
Why? it sucks ass like drake songs normally do
What did pushat say?
I mean he tech did respond to Pusha. If anything his disstrack about Drake having a son was hella weak because Drake had already intended to come clean about it on his album at the time, since the date for the recording of the track was before Pusha released his disstrack. After that their beef kinda fizzled out from what I can tell
Funny though cause if you rewatch the runaway performance for the Hoover concert Drake was tearing up to Ye
What's this murky relationship that Drake has with Jay Prince anyways? It's so weird
Prolly does
Why?
on what platform
how doe
He’s the petty king. Music slaps tho
What do you mean by that?
Weirdo
It’s an opinion you dingus 😂
Kanye is antisemitic and his children prefer their mother
 my favorite sentence i’ve read in a while on reddit has to be “The devil works hard but Kris Kenner works harder” people forget how awful the Kardashians are
Ray J more of the reason tbh
Was almost “Nice for What” 2
🐑
Google Story of adidon. I bet there is a YouTube Video explaining everything. Pusha turned his life literally upside down. That cover art in itself could get him a murder sentence if judged in a court.   Drake never recovered and instead started many petty attempts at getting under Ye‘s skin. Then he reconciled publicly, did the concert and started it again. It’s kinda sad. He is the biggest popstar in the world. He doesn’t need this. But still, he can’t stop
Bro lives under a rock
He is an actor. Literally. Everything is plotted and acted out for maximum effect.
I mean obviously someone was just cutting onions or some sweat got in his eye bro frfr 💀
I think he got discovered by rapalot first and was introduced to Wayne thru adjacent industry ppl before who saw his true potential.
He’s King cornball.
Just gonna be blunt cause I don’t beat around the bush dude was Jewish lived in a good neighborhood with connections to Disney (very sus company)
Lol
her thottery the biggest reason
That video is a bigger reason
How is it a sheep to dislike what is currently one of the couple most popular artist in the world
Nice breakdown. It was fucking crazy seeing it all happen live. Moral of the story: don't mention people's wives on your song
How did he not recover but you still call him the biggest popstar? Ya’ll just sayin shit.
Nah they probably just assumed Drake wasn’t hung up over the same thing 5 years later
Ah, so Jay Prince gets a percentage. Makes sense. I remember Jay Prince being pretty eager to dead the beef
I WANNA FUK Ü HARD ON THA SINK ‼️💯🚰🤠
Because popularity has nothing to do with whether you lost the battle or not. Jay Z's name is a thousand times more popular than Nas' today even though he himself admitted Nas killed him on Ether. Drake being more popular doesn't mean that that L doesn't still bother him
Universal def cut jprince a check but it’s not a big enough bag to stop them from extorting his rap friends.
AND AFTER THAT GET YOU SMTH TO DRINK🍷
and after that let’s sit down and think, maybe logic’s more important than mink  such a good song. shows his sensitive and rational side
Why were you watching call me kat and why’d you upload a minute long clip
I migrated over from Big Bang Theory because of its star...the show is so-so and I usually listen to it in the background...it is not even a regular occurrence.  I made that longer clip to give the context of the Kanye mention in the story.
Cordae also mentioned Ye on his feature on CAREFUL (which is a banger)
His new album looks to be quite good.  This song plus the very fun Motto  [Motto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YKOxtOb44c)
Y’all not like him for the music or did sum happen lmao
NF is good
the love is not mutual
I’d rather kill my self than listen to NF. Fucking TRASH 🗑️
We do not like NF
NF is underrated.
new album just dropped and more Ye refs.
Y’all gotta stop hating on NF and give this new album a listen, it’s actually something quite different from what he’s put out before
Oh no
VeryRare NF W
Nathaniel Friedman? I'm guessing this was before the "I like Hitler" shit.
Wtf are these lyrics? 🤣
I don’t like NF’s music but I appreciate his contributions nonetheless. I think he’d be better if he strayed away from the cinematic ass beats, I can’t take them all that seriously.
I think there are several Ye mentions on the album...and none of them sarcastic.
sounds like something youd hear in a disney channel movie when the character gets a lil mischievous
Wasn’t the biggest fan of Motto personally but the album is still pretty good
NF basically gets roasted anywhere outside his own sub haha
:(
Jeez
Relax bro its not that serious
NF is good, I was gonna make fun of your music taste and then I remembered what sub I’m in. Don’t even need to make fun of it, speaks for itself
At least give this album a chance. Songs like CAREFUL and SUFFICE go hard asf
At least several!
you have your own opinion on reddit?!?!? downvoted
Common if you’ve actually listened to enough of his music
Wait we can’t like Kanye anymore?
Lmao. Honestly it sounds good in the song. Crazy how lyrics can take on different meanings with cadence and flow.
Why?
It is that serious
no, i dont think i will
I mean, if you're black or Jewish it's stupid as fuck but to each his/her own  Edit: Or if you're not a racist piece of shit...
Cause a lot of people find him to be corny and melodramatic, and people have adopted this consensus without forming their own opinion. That’s Reddit for ya
imo i just dont like the cinematic over the top type of songs that he makes lol. i’ve never listened to a full album but most of the songs i’ve heard always sounds like that
His website is literally www.nfrealmusic.com lol
That’s a shame
To be fair he kind  of is.. he falls into the same "problem" as other youtube rappers like hopsin and token and shit
I just listened to this album and it was really good. Production wise it’s miles ahead of what a lot of people are putting out.   It’s very “soulful”. Lots of singing compared to his other stuff. I give it a 9/10. Idk why people say he corny. Some of the stuff Kanye has done has been “corny”.   I think it’s a preference thing.
 he is corny and goofy though
I always thought that was his thing. Like cinematic/chorus type music.
He has a lot of songs that aren't cinematic trailers type beats, that's mainly for the songs that present the album, for example, Let You Down, Lie, Thinking, Like This, When I Grow Up, Layers, Prideful, Just Like You, Drifting, I Miss The Days, Options, No Excuses, Nate, Paid My Dues, and many more
Ask me if I will listen to the album
Mmmm. I always thought NF was more mainstream than these YouTube artist. I’ve heard his music plenty of times at the Gym, Radio, Trampoline Arenas, Etc.
How many NF songs have you heard
He basically means the “Corny Fast Lyrical Rapper” lane. Eminem, Token, Luke GAWNE, Crypt and them lot.
Yea i suppose hes a bit more known, but he still falls into a kind of different category of rap, honestly kind of like Eminems new stuff does
more than enough, i ain't listening to a whole album from that corny mf 😭😭💀💀💀(5)
Thing is with a lot of those guys, they try to rap fast without any real substance, as where an honestly uncommon moment where NF goes as fast as he can, he has a topic at hand, not just trying to rhyme orange with door hinge or something
Shooting a stray at Em, without even knowing that NF would still flip burgers and creep on young girls in the mall if Eminem never picked up a mic.
1st off, I meant more recent em, as he is mainly just focusing on the best rhyme and double entendre, and 2nd, what
What's old is new again.
Apparently it was on March 17 🤷‍♂️ it’s sooooo good tho 🔥
“I love you, ima let you finish but MBDTF is one of the greatest albums of all time”
Diors?
REMIND HER WHO HAD THE BEST VIDEOS OF ALL TIME
Who fuckin cares there's the Space Jam soundtrack in the background
this is how an average mf on here looks, and all yall argue with kids.. smh
Lana del rey in the back like 🙂
If these two are polar opposites I might be bipolar
ya shoes tied tight as hell damn
Don’t be disrespecting t-swizzle she has some bangers. Blank space goes hard.
What a naive young man, giving his sister away to the internet like this
She knows how to hold records properly and you don’t?
They fucked
In all honestly 1989 slaps
Replica dior 1s
Polar opposite of Taylor Swift is *not* Kanye.  Now if you were holding up something involving Mongolian throat signing, then yeah.
Bro you really look like 🤓🤓
w sister 1989 HITS
They’re both pop artists lmao y’all ain’t that different
I MADE THAT BITCH FAMOUS
you’re way more alike than you think
This is the demographic that uses Reddit 🤦🏾
1989 was SO GOOD tbh, 2 10s here, the albums.
Cool.  Now, snatch away the record from her
We know who the favourite sibling is 😂🔥🔥🔥
So what is ya'll's median? like Kendrick Lamar?
Them diors reps
Did you guys pick albums based on your birth year?
Equally basic
W sister W you
Both great albums.
i got both lmao
Style is such a banger. 1989 is a good album
I think these are both nearly perfect albums for what they’re aiming for. MBDTF is a genius at the top of his game, but 1989 is someone who has cracked the code on how to make a pop song/album.
Both albums are amazing
Trust me bro I am both!!
Yes sir, you got good taste
missed opportunity shoulda got “in my zone” too
I Like both
In The Zone was right there 🥲
Can’t lie, both of them are good in my eyes
Real
Both of y'all look ethnically confused
 I made that bitch famous (Goddamn) I made that bitch famous
I feel like you and your sister may still have sex (Alabama moment)
y'all both losers <3
Ye24
Why ?! He made that bitch famousssss!
She bad asf
Both good albums
Yet somehow the exact same…
Yeah… these are the lot that make up this sub. Ffs
Enemies to lovers
Based
You made her famous
Best Ye album best Taylor album W’s all around 👏
You're gonna want to stop idolizing Kanye
It's ok as longs as she keeps in mind he made that bitch famous
You are based... she is a disgrace for your family im sorry... there is always a black sheep
not really
Make sure you tell her who the best Nazi of all time is
What's your sister's @
1989>MBDTF
Both of you have terrible taste in music
"As a former hood mf myself"
🤓
Was gonna troll till I realized you're young. Don't support Nazis be like your sister
Ye24
Overated album imo
Sorry to tell you this but your sister looks the happiest with her choice.l personally would not take either album if l was paid to but that's the point.......personal choice.
W sister tbh she probably doesn’t hate Jewish people ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
Nah man, that's the same album
Me an my sister are exactly the same
From now on every time I read a comment on this subreddit imma imagine it coming from OPs mouth
Longplay, Panama City?
Fight them both
Porque no los dos?
1989 was Taylor's best album though. Legitimate competition.
SAME BRUH 💀
Can I punch you?
I’m a classsic rock and metal guy…but MBDTF is the best album of all time, and by a longshot   Dark side of the moon is not close, but it is second 🍻
yep. Gift from uncle
I do it every day
REMIND HER WHO MADE THAT BITCH FAMOUS!!!
my god that’s the true best album of all time
It’s more embarrassing for grown ass people to be on here than for kids to be on here.  I say this as an embarrassed grown man.
Lol from now on if I see someone saying stupid shit I'm gonna chalk it up to them missing nap time.
Lmao. Dude just be happy gen z is appreciating are yeezy.
Internet user try not to hate on literally anything challenge
yeah i saw that too! the new album is pretty good
damn I noticed
we can be bipolar together man
🤣
Honestly there’s a sizable demographic of white women who love both Taylor and Kanye, playing both sides doesn’t hurt your chances.   Also it’s impossible to pretend like You Belong with Me isn’t a bop. Love Story!? Come on. Everything has Changed, All too Well, so many other great songs.
That’s a solid album. People be hating
Switch 1989 to Red and now we can talk.
It was at this moment, OP knew, he fucked up
there was another photo where i was holding it correctly but i blinked and my eyes were closed
Folklore goes harder
please see yourself out
That’s silly, it’s because of Kanye west did at the Grammies. Also there music is quite a bit different, saying an artist who created Yeezus isn’t that different from Taylor swift is ridiculous
Definitely not a 10
😂😂
yeah pretty much, her fav is gkmc and i like tpab and damn. although she likes some songs on the college albums
😂
true!!
Both great albums. 1989 is the album that put her on the map as not just a country artist though so I'm going to have to side with her on this one. Nothing but hits. If he was holding College Dropout though I'd have to go the other way.
true!!
😂😂
both are good albums can't lie!
the beat drop was fucking lit
we know 😂
man what
“me and my sister”
i don't idolize him lol i just like his music
bro come on thats a little harsh, 1989 doesnt suck that much ass
the beef ended 5 years ago please find an original opinion
You. Are. Wild.
all the songs other than style is just bland boring pop imo in that record. I heard those a million times from other pop artists. Folklore and evermore is prolly the two decent records she actually has. oh yeah speak now is an ok album as well
🤓
Just because OP likes his music doesn't mean that he supports his views
It is just SILLY to label Ye a Nazi because he is a SON of the SUN.
yep!
😂
I personally think 1000 gecs is the best album of all time so I disagree with you.
Uncle Alibaba?
Uncle Lin
Ur uncle lit for that real or fake thought that count
I B PUERTO RICAN DAY PARADE FLOATIN ‼️💯🏄‍♂️🏄🏄‍♀️🙏🏼🌊🏝️
bro just say they're fake lol
Real or fake
How much ransom can I ask for if i kidnap you?    /s (don't you dare ban me)
FOR ALL MY SOUTHSIDE NIGGAS THAT KNO ME BEST ‼️💯🏄🏄‍♂️🏄‍♀️
Death Grips profile picture.
🫡
ITS DEATH GRIPS
That would actually be Cracked Rearview on the top right
the kid looks SCARILY similar to me in 7th grade and i don't like it
Style is got to be Taytay's GOAT.
Snubbed TPAB at the Grammys tho
Yess, folklore is an amazing album
The majority of Kanyes music doesn’t stray too far from the pop-rap genre though, especially pre 2018 Kanye
I said she bad asf
Did he stutter
Enemies to lovers
only reason I like 1989 is bc thats the year the A’s beat the Giants in the World Series. RAHHHH!
Hahaha love " that much ass" you mean is ass but just a little
Okay
^
But he's 100 percent supporting his ability to broadcast them when he gives him money
The dude who likes Hitler?
Great store!
You're a child on the internet. Stop doxxing yourself.
Uncle lin
This exactly, they’re a cool ass gift who cares
Bruh like why the fuck would you go out in public and look goofy and corny to anyone you would be trying to impress? Anyone who knows those shoes are that expensive knows some goofy rando kid is wearing fakes smh
Probably fake
Noided
We’re all here
based
do you not go outside?
Taylor Swift has a pattern and it’s time we stopped ignoring it.
If you think about it Kanye pretty much was the birth of pop rap
well swift was never my thing (I'm on r/kanye after all) so most of her songs are kinda meh to me
yeah they have all kinds of stuff, too bad it's one of the only ones here 🥲🥲
like i live in the god damn store dude 😂😂
Uncle r/repsneakers
My uncle would never go out of his way to get me Dior shoes 😂 even fake ones so it’s pretty cool
Bro seriously insulting a 14 years old about shoes in the internet
idk why people downvoting you. $10k shoes on a teenager as a gift from an uncle. more likely fake than real especially with reps being so good nowadays.
I mean.. like i hit that blonde witch but his music kinda of boring
I’m genuinely looking out for him. Wearing fakes of shoes that cost like >$5000 could end up really bad if someone wants to shit on him irl. I don’t wanna see that happen to him lol
Exactly, no expects a teen to wear 10k shoes which is ridiculous for a pair of shoes. As long as he’s happy, who cares
They were not $10k RETAIL. We don’t know his uncle or his connects. Y’all are so sad and lame.
I got into her music back in the day because she was cute, now I don't find her cute so I don't listen to her anymore.
Someone tries to start shit with a literal child over fake shoes and the child is the problem? Lmaoooo
i wear reps myself and i dont shame others for wearing reps. honestly reps are better quality and financially make way more sense even if youre not broke.
so you’re saying you listened to her because she was cute?
He’s actually lucky it’s me over the internet and not the dude in footlocker or in his home room completely dunking on him lol. OP if you’re gonna wear reps stick to like $300 max or you’re gonna get bodied. Just lookin out 🙏🙏
Yes, back then I used to listen music on YouTube and it was hard to listen music while looking at the artist with unattractive face.
this is just incel behaviour
I was 15 at that time and virgin, ofcourse I was an incel.
I heard he that he did it because Jews invented the color camera
Was filmed in like 1950
prob to show its a flashback
He filmed it during the civil rights protests
Yeah.. right? He dumb sometimes
Kanye is stupid but you are really dumb.
OP please explain to me how you could even think this post could possibly be funny. Like, explain your thought process. What’s the reasoning?
Ansel Adams
😂😂😂😂
Bro thinks he's in 1945💀💀
grrrrr 😠😠😠
Not bad, but a masterpiece?  Nah.  A masterpiece should stir some deep emotions...does it do that for you?
So let's get on with it...
WE COULD’VE BEEN SOMEBODY
The anticipation after "these bitches surrounding me" is crazy
Honestly one of my favorite drops ever on a song and I can’t believe I slept on the song for so long
Such an underrated song in ye's catalog. It deserves more
The beat drop sounds like one of those 2017 Gaming youtube intros
And you know I crank that shit even louder
BREEZE
All in on that alimony, yeah yeah she got you homie...
Unpopular opinion incoming which will probably get me a ton of downvotes but I don’t rly rate blood on the leaves and it’s near the bottom of where I would rank the songs on yeezus. I also feel similarly about diamonds in sierre leone so maybe it’s something to do with how the samples are flipped which doesn’t do anything for me
This song reminds me of star wars is there’s sample from the soundtrack or am I going crazy
TNGHT was cooking making that beat
📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢📢
Till death but do your part
All that cocaine on that table? You caint snort that.
Strange fruit hanging
So… you just wanted some attention
We could have been somebody!!!
unholy matrimony
From the poplar trees
Blood On the leaves
I knew he bumped that
Who is this... anthony Fantano 1
ChatGPT Type Text
Bro using chat gpt for Reddit posts
Kanye cant be cancel... Kanye is the culture
High school essay or chatGPT.  Lol, Ye was never "cancelled", he only lost some contracts because his image became one that hurt the bottom line...a financial decision, not a moral one.  No one is stopping Ye from doing anything, from making music, to designing sneakers or whatever.  Whether or not people"forgive" him is up to the individual.  He has said very little to make up for all the past errors.  One little post...itself problematic and now removed...is not going to balance out all that has gone before.  But again, he is free to do whatever he wants and people are free to either accept him or not.  Furthermore, that freedom does not entail a corresponding *right* to return to his former glories of fame, wealth, influence and prestige.  If Ye is cancelled, the only one doing the cancelling is himself.
I agree with you 100 percent but I’m not reading allat
You right they sum haters free R Kelly
You should be embarrassed.
I’ll allow it.
I'm not reading all this, also who asked you
I agree with many that this is probably a ChatGPT proposition. There is no way a Kanye fan is able to write in complete sentences with proper punctuation.
I JUST COPPED A JET TO FLY OVER PERSONAL DEBT, PUT ONE UP IN THA SKY ‼️💯✈️🛩️👆🏻
I used chatgpt for my highschool essay and it came out almost fully like this
You’re comment reads like a chat gpt pasta. Respond and I’ll explain
nah thats crazy LOOOL
we love kanye!!!!
WE NEVA GONNA DIE
What grade did you get?
Yellow comets in red lakes and cats get passed out. Reposed ants are ill on the plane.
free R Kelly
He didn't really lose anything...the devaluation of his net worth is mostly due to those cancelled contracts which had been estimated to yield certain returns.  Kind of like counting your chickens before they are hatched, it was never anything of value he possessed or cash on hand, so there was never any need to liquidate assets or anything of the sort.  Everything remained the same, that extra was all on paper.
I think he still cares a lot, but after Donda, I think he became too self-aware, maybe, and started to wear what people 'expected' him to wear instead of what he liked, but I don't know. He's still a unique and stylish ASF.
Kanye is worth more than anything he can wear. What's the point?
Lol he started dressing in what he likes and not what he thot other people would like him in
This is actually a really common cycle for fashion in general in that the wealthy prefer to dress differently from the lower class. Flashy styles were once unattainable to the layman and so that's why celebs were into it - but now that these styles have become more accessible via fast fashion, the wealthy pivoted to wearing "average" clothes again. This is why rich people wearing athleisure and sweats out is a thing. Kim was the same in being the forefront of the early-2000s bejeweled sparkles and preppy frills before Ye switched up her entire style identity to solid, neutral tones which influenced that trend. We're even seeing a slow rise in celebs taking out their plastic surgery implants and fillers because these things have become popular and affordable for common folk, now natural is in.  If you wanna be caught up with fashion, Ye's always at the forefront even if whatever he's wearing looks stupid in the moment.
He might be depressed. He just went through a bipolar manic episode.
I think this is just the new style, but it's amazing & pure, so there
Hes been proving a huge point about how big his name and brand is. He can do anything. So when he starts selling the the Air Yeezys at Shaq levels, the whole world will wear yeezy. This is why he shelved pastel, so he could work his way down from Luxury and flood everything
Because he doesn’t need to over do it anymore he can wear big boots and giant black jackets and the culture will shift with him anyway
He stop making other people's fashion ideas and brands popular/rich and focused on his own  or atleast only wears things he gets paid to wear
He has always looked like someone who would try to wash your windshield at a stoplight.
I think most people’s net-worth is higher that the clothes they’re wearing.
Mask on my face, you can't see what I finna do
Cap. I can buy Gucci, doesn't mean I'm worth more than the brand. The "Ye West" brand + Yeezy brand is worth more than most of them, so he IS the flashy clothes.
New again is dondas best track
You would think the EDM influence and choir vocals wouldn't work but it goes crazy
Because its bad
It definitely doesn’t, What Eminem songs does it even sound like
Just that time period maybe?
Encore
Because it’s mid and rapey
Love em but yeah he's had more misses than hits unfortunately
Fr
Everybody does what are you talking about
 Honest question does YE tho?
Not really but the quality has been slowly dropping
It was taken down sadly
Bro got the minesweeper drip 🔥
[youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPSuE5B9bq0)
He just experienced something that he thought was a call from god and then did something because of that. he also just scraps song's if he's not feeling like it, meaning that songs about crying get never released because no one cries for a long time  That's my stupid theory.
He found God apparently. He started remaking the yahndi songs making them Christian but he never released them. Look up new body Christian version and you will see what I mean
Al green HWOOOO
“Ah the sweet taste of victory  Go head and breathe it in like antihistamine”
Beautiful
Jesus Is Lord
thankgod
Anybody know why ?
**Praise God**
God is working.
**GOD DID**
Good tik tok is brain cancer
**God Breathed**
Good, she doesn’t need to grow up so fast like her mother and family. Let her enjoy a normal childhood.
God stepped in
When do they ban TikTok overall man, it's literally setting back humanity
Praise God
rare tiktok W
TikTok is cancer for the brain at any age.
ye just called tiktok
i know she’s throwing the biggest tantrum right now lol
And they still want to cancel ye
I bet Kanye happy than a mutha
Im glad
YE DID
Where does it say suspended?
#rare Tiktok W
Praise Yahweh
Man I love kanye but bieng that guy's kid would be hell
We Won fuck you Kim
Kk and momager most likely saw North as yet another money maker without any consideration of North.
all you fucking stupid kayne is a crazy m*n  and the tiktok acc is still up y’all ain’t nothing but dick riding losers
The power of a lawsuit from someone with deep pockets
He might have something to do with it
Yes
Maybe it’s because she was with the thot with the sugar bush
Ye's probably the one that reported it
Kim k and her mother share one brain cell
ye def made some calls lmao
It’s cause she is in Japan right now. Chinese hate Japan.
Wooooh!!!  🥳 🎉 This is epic!!!
Fucking finally.  I’m sorry but who in the world thinks it’s normal for a 9 year old to not only have a 12 step skincare routine, but to have this 9 year old on a very mentally influential app that she technically isn’t even legally allowed to be on? What happened to “go play outside”
Probably sexualization of a minor, or she’s just to young for it
You have to be 12 I think to register as a user, she’s very famous, it’s easy to find out she’s not old enough to have an account and that her mom is trying to help her get around it.
she's under 13 and it being a "shared account" doesn't change the fact that she's not 13
It’s clearly her account and she isn’t old enough to have one.
Prob because they had a little girl wearing a tracksuit that has “juicy” on the butt area while singing an ice spice song.
Every hour, every minute
Bro
HITLER DID
Yep, and so are the Kardashians
Yeah dude! Total Keanu chungus 3000 moment, tik tok is for STUPID people because chungus anime moment
Haha us Redditors are le smart lol 😂
the bill to ban tiktok does much more than ban tiktok, and most of it isnt good unfortunately
People say this every time a new social media app gets popular
Like reddit and all other social media isn’t 😭😭🖕
being a billionare 10 year old but you cant have tiktok = hell
stfu
Thats a thought. I had this wild idea that since Kim is a media personality/brand that one could claim North would be too- and if she's getting paid for it, then it's work; then you stretch that to child labor
She isn’t sexualized on there, and too young is out of the picture because it’s Kim’s account too
**HOV DID**
i was more along the lines of how it significantly shortens attention spans, harvests an inconceivable amount of data for malicious foreign parties, and is actively making the west more chronically online than ever before  but cope i guess?
shesh, i dont know dat. what more?
Do other social media apps make every other app have to add features to copy it? I swear there’s tik tok like features on every app because tik tok is winning the algorithm game
it's true tho
they all set back humanity at this point
People don’t see Reddit as bad because Reddit is always dissing the other social media platforms.
Yeah imagine her in a couple years when she finds out her dad is a music genius visionary who is constantly trying to tarnish his career because he refuses to have his mental health in check 😭 come on man it’s deeper than that
Never thought of that
generally speaking it's legal for kids to work at their parents businesses in most of the world
Kids are allowed to work lol. Go open a kids magazine and look at any of the ads. Child actors working. Ever watched a tv show or movie with a kid in it?
"Isnt sexualized" literally posted a video of her cosplaying as ice spice
Valid but your TF2 pfp implies you might have been around for early YouTube circa 2010-13? Remember YTP? TF2 YTP? Mindless brain cancer has been around since the inception of the internet idk why tiktok is this giant scapegoat
the whole signfiicanly shortening attention span argument is baseless- the human attention span isnt some well that tiktok can dry out. it is the ability of one's neurons to recall and retain certain patterns for long periods of time. any anectodal evidence that says tiktok lowers attention spans is just that- anecdotal
I started reading your comment but got bored because of the lack of memes and
Basically allows the government access to any and all personal data you have on any electronic device. They could watch you through your webcam, look at all your pictures and videos, read your messages, etc. on top of that, they could lock you in prison for 20 years and fine you $1,000,000 for using a VPN.  The “TikTok ban” term is just marketing to try and get people to back the complete and total destruction of any privacy we still have in the digital age
Senate bill 686 will allow the federal government to shut down any online gathering of at least 1 million Americans. And it can be of anything, shopping, a livestream, protests etc.
It gives the us the rights to any tik tok variant you may ever consider getting, effective immediately
Snapchat did it with stories. Once Snapchat stories blew up, every single social media platform copied it. Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, etc
preach ong
I hate the new Spotify layout so god damn much and the AI DJ can kiss my whole asshole
fr
I’m guessing finding out her mother is a whore and thier trashy, out of touch family is a complete joke to the public will be a lot more traumatic than having a genius father with mental problems.  Kanye couldn’t begin to embarrass himself the way that childs other side of the family will
Yup, so if they were building up Kims brand it would be okay- but since North is 9(?) I'm sure Kanye doesn't want her to become some type of brand or ambassador at this age.   And again, this is all speculation and its just some idea i came up with while pooping at work.
Okay so like the second sentence said " i had a wild idea". Also, pretty sure the parents have to be okay with their kid doing that, and kanye clearly isn't. As the person above said, it probably has something to do with sexualization of a minor
What was it about that cosplay that you found sexy?
i dont really mean the content. shit content has been around the internet for ages. the way tiktok allows you to consume content is harming our minds more than some site like youtube (although all social media is addictive, it's just that tiktok is the worst). Not to mention how invasive the app itself is, with how it collects data.   I'm probably just screaming into a wall and maybe i remember things nostalgically, but people have gotten much more addicted to their phones and have become much less talkative since tiktok and i despise it. That's what i mean by brain cancer
It's not baseless. The videos lasts a few seconds before you scroll to the next one. The algorithm fits into your entertainment- so you get a constant dose of serotonin in short amount, making your attention span shorter.
Most of that they can do already tbh
That is crazy wow wtf
Snowden exposed that they can and have been doing this already for at least 15 years
The government hit the golden goose this time. Dumbass redditors are all happy for the tiktok ban and blindly support the government
I’m gonna be real, the government can do all of that already. The law is so vague and open to interpretation that everyone is likely breaking several dozen laws a day, it just isn’t worth it to pursue action. But pretty much everything you just listed can already be done through the freedom act
This is an uneducated incorrect response .the TikTok ban (restrict bill) targets large internet apps run by foreign adversaries and allows the US to take any measure to ban them.  I'm not sure where you are getting your information
damn.
Don’t even waste your time bro lmao these people are literally just in a hivemind that tiktok is this big bad wolf. Social media as a whole just builds off of each other and will continue to do it. Boomerangs on IG were based off PHHHOTO, twitter spaces and the Reddit live voice thing is based off discords popularity etc etc mfers will have 100K Karma and spend all their time on Reddit and YouTube but say tiktok is making your brain into mush lmao
> I’m guessing finding out her mother is a whore and thier trashy, out of touch family is a complete joke to the public will be a lot more traumatic than having a genius father with mental problems.  So...what does it say about him that he married and started a family with her?
it's almost certainly legal but tiktok may well not want it on their platform, as is their choice.
Who tf said she was sexy, your being weird🤦‍♂️
I get what you mean but it’s a generational thing, yes tiktok reduces your attention span more than maybe YouTube but at the same time this argument was being made for YouTube. I’m 22 and I’m conscious about my attention span getting lower the more time I spent online and I’ve been using the internet wayyy before tiktok. Vine and the original IG format with 15 seconds were the first to start fucking with my brain and now even in college I still sometimes struggle to read a 20 page journal or watch a 30 minute educational video. The issue is that young kids are using these platforms when they shouldn’t be in the first place it’s not like tiktok was the first to create short and infinite bursts of overstimulating content and it won’t be the last. I’m not defending it because even tho I use tiktok (a lot) I can’t spend more than like 30 mins on it without checking myself and making myself close the app but when I was 14 I would spend 4 hours on YouTube and then remember I had to do my hw and then just take the L lmao
this is why we need to teach psychology in schools jfc. serotonin doesnt work like that at all-you just name dropped buzzwords that you've heard relate to social media to try and own me. i dont like most social media, but you are wrong about a significant decrease in attention span rates- your levels of sustained attention are not dependent on the short term level of serotonin in your brain.
even though you’re right, i don’t remember much of this attention span talk during vine tbh  and dating apps are also incredibly harmful — if not moreso, but i don’t see them getting as much shit
Crazy how good the marketing worked on this one. All they had to do is say it’s about TikTok for people people to get on board with government surveillance of citizens.  “We’re trying to stop the Chinese from spying on you” sounds great if you don’t read the part about america being allowed to spy on you
It’s probably true that the government is already using the freedom act to do that, but this new bill explicitly allows what was previously a gray area, and the VPN thing is especially evil and completely new
Yeah but most of that considered wire tapping and you need a judge to sign off on it. This new bill let's a committee decide behind closed doors and requires no public justification.
☠️ TT is the only one that’s affecting younger kids the most , I wasn’t 7 years old scrolling even when Vine was big , you’re so brain dead to the issue . YT shorts and TT is all most kids are using , their attention span definitely has gotten worse .
Absolutely nothing good. It was the worst decision of his life IMO
She is not old enough to use Tik tok
Y’all keep saying she’s being sexualized, so clearly you’re seeing something sexual about it. What is it that appears sexy to you about the cosplay?
ヽ༼ ຈل͜ຈ༽ ﾉ Raise ur dongers!  ^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^70713  ^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
It's really just short form video formats. It's not just TikTok but now Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, etc.
TT is affecting the next generation , my little brother watches YT shorts and TT videos , bro can’t spend more than 3 minutes on a video anymore since being introduced . Went to their elementary and a bunch of other kids were just staring mindlessly at their phones watching tt , shits sad tbh
bro stfu already, u are already losing the argument 💀
Youre clearly putting words into his mouth. If you cant see a problem here, then youre the creep smh. The problem is that shes cosplaying as a heavily sexualised person, and thats just so dang innapropiate. No she isnt sexy, but that doesnt change the fact that kids shouldnt be dressing themselves as their idols if their idols are known for showing off almost everything.
Kids shouldn’t have idols that are heavily sexualized? Have you ever heard the music of Kanye West?
I couldnt give a damn about that lmao, do you have trouble reading? I was saying that if a childs idol happened to be sexualised they shouldnt be dressing up as them. Jesus dude, learn to read and stop putting words in people’s mouths.
